https://www.jackpetcheyfoundation.org.uk/privacy/
Skip to main content
Jack Petchey FoundationPrivacy
Privacy
The Jack Petchey Foundation will always keep your personal information private and hold it securely.  We are committed to being open and honest, to acting with integrity and to complying with the spirit, as well as the letter, of data protection law.
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, process and store personal data, and how you can let us know if you want us to change the way we store and use your personal data.
1. When do we collect personal information?
We collect information about you:
When you give it to us directly: for example, by signing up to receive our newsletter, applying for a grant, applying to work or volunteer with us, or when you contact us by phone, e-mail or through our website.
When you give it to us indirectly: for example, when the Jack Petchey Co-ordinator at your school or youth group has your permission to tell us that you have won an achievement award, so that we can invite you to one of the celebration events.
When we collect your personal information we will always collect it fairly. We will let you know how we will use it and we will keep the information secure.
2. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following types of personal data:
Your name, address, e-mail and phone number
Your photo (for example if you have won an achievement award or submitted one with a grant report)
Details of the award or grant you have received, and the reasons why
Your application for a grant from us, together with any references we take up from referees you have given permission for us to contact
We would only ever collect sensitive personal data about you if there is a clear reason for doing so, and we would only ever do so with your explicit consent.
When you visit and use our website we may also use cookies, as websites commonly do, so that we can measure how many people access our website, which pages they visit and how they use our website. Please note that we cannot identify you personally as a result of these cookies.
3. How and why will we use your personal data?
We would only use your data for one or more of the following:
Provide you with a grant
Invite you to an event that we will fund or host, which we think you may have an interest in
Send you information about our work and/or any opportunities that we think will be of interest to you
Provide you with services, grants or information that you have requested
Process any donation or payment you make to us
Handle the administration of your grant application, employment or volunteer application
Invite you to participate in research to improve our grant-making
Invite you to complete a survey, for us to better understand your views
To write up case studies for use on our website, in social media or in press outlets to promote young people’s achievements
Process a grant or job application
Respond to correspondence you have sent to us
Deal with entries into competitions
Deal with complaints made by you or about you
Audit or administer our accounts
If you have provided us with your personal details to participate in our grant making programmes (for example, our achievement award scheme) we may use the personal details you have provided on that previous occasion to save you having to give them to us again.
We often take photos at our events and may film. We may use your image on our website, social media or to promote the work of JPF and the achievements of young people. If you feature as a case study, we will always obtain your consent.
Children
If you are under 16, please make sure you have your parent or guardian’s permission before you provide us with any personal information. Children under 16 must not provide us with personal information without this permission.
4. Communicating with you
Where you have provided us with your e-mail address, have signed up to our newsletter or to our keep in touch function, or have applied for or been awarded a grant, we will send you occasional targeted communications to let you know about any of our events, grant-making programmes and activities that we consider may be of particular interest to you.
5. Unsubscribing from our communications
You may opt out of receiving communication from us at any time by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ on a newsletter communication; by replying to an e-mail with ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject line or message body; or by contacting us by e-mail, phone or letter:
mail@jackpetcheyfoundation.org.uk
Jack Petchey Foundation, Dockmaster’s House, 1 Hertsmere Road, London E14 8JJ
020 8252 8000
6. Security of and access to your personal data
JPF takes protecting your data seriously. We are committed to ensuring that there are strong technical and organisational measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorised disclosure of your personal information. Our IT providers are experts in ensuring security of our systems and we work closely with them, our website managers and our database system managers to ensure that we have the most up to date security features in place to protect your data.
We will never sell your personal data and we will never buy personal data.
Your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff, volunteers and contractors.
We use specialist trusted organisations as service providers in order to help us undertake the activities in section 3. We always ensure that these organisations comply with the high standards of the Data Protection requirements, including the General Data Protection Regulation, which came in to force on 25th May 2018. Where we provide your personal data to other organisations, we will only ever do so under contract, on conditions of confidentiality and security, and only for the purposes for which you have provided your information to us (for example in order to make a bank transfer to pay a grant in to your account).
7. How we use website cookies
The Jack Petchey Foundation website, like many others, uses cookies. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer/mobile device. They collect standard information anonymously about what pages are viewed and in what order, which we can then use to analyse traffic and make the website better. We never (and cannot) track any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your browser warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. For more information about how to control and/or delete cookies see www.aboutcookies.org
8. What are your rights?
If, at any point, you believe the information we hold about you is incorrect, you can request to see the information and have it corrected or deleted, which we will do.
If you wish to complain about how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us to have the matter investigated – mail@jackpetcheyfoundation.org.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe that we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office – www.ico.org.uk
You have the right to ask us to stop using your personal information to communicate with you, or to unsubscribe from our e-mail list, at any time.
You have the right to be told how your personal information will be used, including through this Privacy Policy. We will also provide this information whenever we collect personal information.
At your request we will give you all details of personal information held about you by the Jack Petchey Foundation. We will confirm your identity and will comply with your request within 30 days.
You can ask for your personal information to be deleted from our records. In many cases we would propose to suppress further communications with you, rather than delete your information entirely.
If you believe our records of your personal information are inaccurate, you have the right to ask for these records to be updated and we will update our records.
You can ask us to stop processing your personal data, including communicating with you, if you do not think that our records are accurate or if you do not agree with the way we are using your information.
To exercise any of these rights, or for further information, please contact us on 020 8252 8000 or e-mail mail@jackpetcheyfoundation.org.uk
9. How long will we retain your data?
Unless you tell us that you do not want JPF to continue to hold your personal information, we may keep your personal information on our records indefinitely, so that we can understand the number, nature and impact of our work.
In the event that you ask us to stop sending you our newsletter and occasional updates about our work, we will keep your name and/or e-mail address on our internal suppression list to ensure that you are not contacted in this way again.
For full details of our data retention policy please contact info@jackpetcheyfoundation.org.
10. What legal ground do we rely on to process your personal information?
We have four lawful grounds for processing your personal information:
on the basis of a person’s consent
We will ask for your consent to use personal information to send you any electronic communications such as newsletters and marketing emails, and if you ever share sensitive personal information with us.
on the basis of a contractual relationship
The vast majority of our interactions with our grantees, award winners and supporters are voluntary and not contractual. However, sometimes it will be necessary to process personal information so that we can enter contractual relationships with people. For example, if you apply for employment or to volunteer with us.
on the basis of legal obligations
Sometimes we will be obliged to process your personal information due to legal obligations which are binding on us. We will only ever do so when strictly necessary.
on the basis of legitimate interests
Applicable law allows personal information to be collected and used if it is reasonably necessary for our legitimate activities as a grant-maker (as long as its use is fair, balanced and does not unduly impact individuals’ rights).
We will rely on this ground to process your personal data when it is not practical or appropriate to ask for consent, for example if you have won an achievement award or have been the recipient of a Jack Petchey Foundation grant in the past.
11. How you can amend the information we hold about you or change how we contact you
You can contact us at any time by email, letter, or telephone to change or update your details.
12. Contact
We are not required to have a ‘data protection officer’ but we do have a Data Protection Manager. If you have any queries or concerns at all about our data processes or policy, please e-mail us at mail@jackpetcheyfoundation.org.uk
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy notice. It will always be available on our website.
Last revised: 23/05/2018
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are required for our website to operate and include items such as whether or not to display this pop-up box or your session when logging in to the website. These cookies cannot be disabled.
Performance
We use 3rd party services such as Google Analytics to measure the performance of our website. This helps us tailor the site content to our visitors needs.
Functional
From time to time, we may use cookies to store key pieces of information to make our site easier for you to use. Examples of this are remembering selected form options to speed up future uses of them. These cookies are not necessary for the site to work, but may enhance the browsing experience.
Targeting
We may use advertising services that include tracking beacons to allow us to target our visitors with specific adverts on other platforms such as search or social media. These cookies are not required but may improve the services we offer and promote.
Change Settings
Cookie Settings
×
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are required for our website to operate and include items such as whether or not to display this pop-up box or your session when logging in to the website. These cookies cannot be disabled.
Performance
We use 3rd party services such as Google Analytics to measure the performance of our website. This helps us tailor the site content to our visitors needs.
Functional
From time to time, we may use cookies to store key pieces of information to make our site easier for you to use. Examples of this are remembering selected form options to speed up future uses of them. These cookies are not necessary for the site to work, but may enhance the browsing experience.
Targeting
We may use advertising services that include tracking beacons to allow us to target our visitors with specific adverts on other platforms such as search or social media. These cookies are not required but may improve the services we offer and promote.
Save
Close
Welcome. You can control how we use cookies and 3rd party services below
Change Settings
Accept
Learn how we use cookies