http://www.learningtogive.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
ph3_3.jpg
Learning to Give values your privacy. This policy explains the ways in which we may collect, maintain and use information from visitors to our site. This policy applies only to Learning to Give’s collection and use of information through its site and does not apply to the collection and use of information obtained through other means.
Registration
If you register on our homepage, we will collect your contact information so that you will be able to customize your experience on Learning to Give's Web site.
Contact Us
If you submit personal information, such as your email address, to us by following "Contact Us" links throughout our Web site, we will use that information to respond to your request for information.
Children’s Privacy
Our Web site is not directed to children and we will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to use this Web site to provide us with any personally-identifying information. Children always should get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) over the Internet. If you are under 13, please do not provide any information about yourself on this Web site.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
Learning to Give only uses personal information that we receive to provide services or to respond to inquiries. We will not disclose personally identifying information collected through our Web site to third parties except as provided in this privacy policy. We have two vendors that support our technology system that may have access to personal information, but their role is not to analyze data; they facilitate the operations of our technology systems. We reserve the right to release personally identifying information about our Web site visitors when we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to comply with law or to protect the safety or property of visitors to our site, the public, Learning to Give, our affiliates or our personnel.
We are open to offering the service of connecting educators. If someone wanted to connect with you, Learning to Give staff would reach out to you directly and request your permission to make the connection.
Surveys
We occasionally conduct online surveys to learn more about your views on important topics in philanthropy. We use the survey data to improve our programs and services. We may publicize the results as a public service, but only in such a manner so as not to reveal any personally-identifying information. We do not collect personally identifying information in the surveys unless voluntarily submitted for the purpose of follow-up questions.
Email Newsletters
We may also offer you the opportunity to subscribe to email newsletters on topics that we believe are of interest to our visitors. If you have opted to receive a particular newsletter, you may always unsubscribe later if you decide not to receive further mailings of the newsletter from us. See "Opting Out" below.  [back to top]
Cookies
Learning to Give also may use “cookies” to collect information about visitors to our site. A “cookie” is a small text file that a Web site places on your computer's hard drive to make it easier to use certain site functions or to collect information about your activities on the Web site. The cookie transmits this information back to the Web site. Many users do not know that "cookies" are placed on their computers when they visit Web sites. If you want to prevent this from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Web site attempts to place a cookie on your computer. Please note that if you disable cookies you may loose some functionality on the site.
Learning to Give uses cookies on our Web site in the following ways:
We use cookies to analyze how visitors, in the aggregate, use our Web sites to make them as useful as possible. We do not collect or store personally-identifying information through the use of cookies.
We use cookies for our member login so that when members return to our Web site, they can access members only content without having to sign back into the system.
We use cookies for our My Accout Page so that registered users can customize their experiences.
Opting Out
If you register with Learning to Give, you will have the opportunity to review, update, or delete the information you have provided us at any time. If you remove your registration information completely, you may not be able to continue using certain services that require registration. You agree that we may use your information to contact you for customer service, to inform you of important changes or additions to our site or the services offered over our site and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of our site. If you do not wish to receive these notices, please email us at hello@learningtogive.org.
If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters, you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings (for example, by clicking on an unsubscribe link in an email newsletter or by coming back to our site).
Security
Providing security for the personal information that you submit is a top priority. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, and other technologies and processes, such as encryption, access control procedures, network firewalls, physical security, and other measures intended to protect the information that you provide to us. These measures increase the security and privacy of information traveling to, from, and within Learning to Give. Only our authorized employees or agents carrying out permitted business functions are allowed to access personal information. Please be aware, however, that no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that the information that you supply to us will not be intercepted during transmission over the Internet.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web site links to other organizations whose privacy practices may differ from those of Learning to Give. If you submit personal information to any of these sites, your information is subject to their policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any Web site that you visit.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Learning to Give reserves the right to change our privacy policy at any time. We will post changes in this space before they take effect.
Privacy Compliance
For questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact Technical Support.