http://www.shalbournegliding.co.uk/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd’s web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd’s web site are provided “as is”. Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd’s Internet site, even if Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd or a Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Shalbourne Soaring Society Ltd’s web site shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Shalbourne Gliding
Shalbourne Gliding
HomeClub Information
Club InformationDirectionsMembership and FeesLocal InformationBlogGlider RadarClub SafetyMembers portalWeather Back
Introduction to Gliding
Introduction to GlidingGliding Trial LessonsGliding Gift VouchersWomen in Gliding Back
Contact UsLogin / Register
× Close Panel