http://www.gssgc.org/en/our-council/privacy-policy.html
Shop
Contact Us
Forms
COVID-19 Updates
ABOUT
ABOUT
EVENTS
EVENTS
OUTDOORS
OUTDOORS
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
VOLUNTEER
VOLUNTEER
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
DONATE
DONATE
MY GS
MY GS
ABOUT EVENTS OUTDOORS COOKIES+ VOLUNTEER OUR COUNCILAbout UsNewsStaff DirectoryAlumContact UsCareersShop DONATE MY GS
Shop
Contact Us
Forms
COVID-19 Updates
About UsNewsStaff DirectoryAlumContact UsCareersShop
Our CouncilPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the official website of Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio
Council, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in
Redlands, California.
The Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio is committed to protecting the
privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy discloses how we collect,
protect, and use information you provide us online, as well as how we
protect children’s privacy. By using the pages on this site, you are
accepting the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
If our policy practices change in the future, we will let you know
by posting the policy changes on our website. However, we will treat
all personal information we collect in accordance with the privacy
notice in effect at the time the information is collected. Girl Scout
of San Gorgonio’s online properties comprise of, but are not limited
to, all pages found under www.gssgc.org, www.girlscoutssangorgonio.org.
Data Collection
Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio uses its best efforts to respect
and protect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not
collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless
they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not
require you to register or provide information to us in order to view
our site.
Personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, Zip/postal
codes, email addresses, etc., is gathered only when voluntarily
submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable
information is collected in order to process online transactions or
online donations. Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio partners with Girl
Scouts of the USA for online registration.
This information is used solely by Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio and
Girl Scouts of the USA or other entities who are involved in the
operation of this site for internal purposes. We do not sell
information you provide to us online to third parties. We will only
share personally identifiable information with third parties when (i)
the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii)
sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site, for
instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) we are
required to by law. Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio has no control over or
responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third
parties that process online transactions.
Children’s Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects
the personal information of children under the age of 13. This applies
to individually identifiable information about a child that is
collected online, such as full name, home address, email address,
telephone number or any other information that would allow someone to
identify or contact the child. The Act and Rule also cover other types
of information – for example, hobbies, interests and information
collected through cookies or other types of tracking mechanisms – when
they are tied to individually identifiable information. It is
important for you to understand this law; we encourage you to read
more about COPPA.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio is committed to providing a safe,
secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our site. We
are dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected
online and to helping parents and children have positive experiences
on the Internet. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior
verifiable parental consent.
Parents can revoke their consent and ask that information or photos
about their children be deleted from the site by contacting our
offices by phone at (800) 400-4475 or via  email. To do this or to
review personal information collected from children, we must verify
the identity of the requesting parent. When a parent revokes consent,
we will stop collecting, using, or disclosing information and/or
photos of that child. To respect the privacy of parents, information
collected and used for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable
parental consent or providing notice is not maintained in retrievable
form by the site if parental consent is not obtained after a
reasonable time.
Girl Scouts believes it is good policy not to collect more
personally identifiable information from children under 13 than is
necessary for them to participate in our online activities. In
addition, be aware that all sites that are targeted to children under
13 are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.
Use of Cookies
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data
may be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio
website through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files a
website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s
ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage
behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content
improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s
system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique
number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of
cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the
visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Girl Scouts of San
Gorgonio uses cookie technology only to obtain non-personal
information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’
online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services This site may be linked
to other sites and services that are not maintained by Girl Scouts of
San Gorgonio. These websites have their own privacy policies, which
you should review prior to visiting them. We have no responsibility
for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience
and information of our visitors.
Our Security Safeguard
The safety and security of your online experience is of the
utmost concern to us. We ensure the appropriate physical, electronic,
and managerial procedures are in place to safeguard and help prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the
information we collect online.
Credit Card Safety
Protecting the safety of your credit card information is also
important to us. We use only Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard (PCI DSS) compliant third party payment processors for all
merchant transactions. All transactions processed by Girl Scouts of
San Gorgonio are transmitted and stored using Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) technology to protect the security of your credit card
information as it is transmitted to us. To make sure you are
accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial
information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If
you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your
browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at
the URL or Address line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure
server, the first characters of the address in that line should change
from “http” to “https.”
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to
your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished
using a shared computer.
If you are under 18, you need parent/guardian permission to use a
credit card to make purchases online.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can
contact us at:
Girl Scouts of San Gorgonio Council
1751 Plum Lane
Redlands, CA 92374
Phone: (800) 400-4475 or (909) 307-6555
Tuesday-Thursday, 8:00 a.m.-6:30 p.m. PST. Friday, 8:00
a.m.-6:00 p.m. PST E-mail: counciladmin@gssgc.org
You can e-mail us your question and we will get back to you as
soon as possible. Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy