http://www.flywales.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you voluntarily enquire/order our products and services, as follows:
Enquiry Form
If you choose to make an enquiry about our products or services we collect the following personally identifiable information:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Telephone Number
Flight Experience Voucher Booking
If you choose to purchase a flight experience voucher we collect the following personally identifiable information:
Your Name
Address
E-mail address
Telephone Number
Name of person that the experience is for
The lawful basis for processing your information is by contract or your consent depending on the nature of your enquiry or booking.
This information is not shared with anyone outside our company.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to deliver the services you have requested and to inform you of other products or services available from us.
We do not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside Fly Wales.
We do not collect sensitive personal information such as race, religion, political affiliations or bank/credit card details.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith and belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Fly Wales or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Fly Wales; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Fly Wales or the public.
Marketing
We may occasionally email you regarding products and services of ours which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at any time.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes and if you no longer wish to be contacted, please email training@flywales.co.uk with the subject "Unsubscribe me".
Access to your information and correction or deletion
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some, or all, of the personal information, please email training@flywales.co.uk or write to us at this address: Fly Wales, Terminal Building, Fishguard Road, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, SA62 4BU
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You can ask us to correct information you think is inaccurate or remove your information and we have a legal responsibility make any changes for you.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information. Cookies cannot be used to run programmes or deliver viruses to your computer. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the features of our websites or other websites you visit.
Other websites
Our websites contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the Fly Wales family of websites so when you link to others you should read their own privacy policies.
How do we secure your information?
We secure your personally identifiable information on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy policy was last updated on 15th March 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you by e-mail to: training@flywales.co.uk
Or write to Fly Wales, Terminal Building, Fishguard, Road, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, SA62 4BU
Fly Wales guarantees you the professional service to ensure your flight meets the high standards you deserve.
Get in touch
Fly Wales guarantees you the professional service to ensure your flight meets the high standards you deserve.
Get in touch
Home
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies