http://www.ionianbluesailing.co.uk/cookies-privacy-document/
Cookies & Privacy Document | Ionian Blue Sailing
Home
Sailing Options
Bareboat Yacht Charter
Skippered Yacht Charter
Day Refresher
Day Charter Yacht Sailing, Kefalonia
Yachts/Prices
Bavaria 36 Cruisers
Bavaria 39 Cruiser
How to Book
What’s Included
Itinerary
Gallery
Contact
Select Page
Cookies & Privacy
Updated 20th May 2018
This site is owned by Ionian Blue Sailing.
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide via this site. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to this site.
How will we use information about you ?
By making a booking with us, you agree we may use, store and disclose the information you provide for the following purposes: to enable us to process your booking (which will include passing your information to third party suppliers, such as hoteliers, our overseas staff and port authorities); for market research and analysis purposes; for improving customer service; for compliance with legal requirements and for marketing contact by means of post, telephone and email to provide you with offers, products, news and services from Ionian Blue Sailing.
HOW WE WILL WE CONTACT YOU ?
We will communicate with you using the e-mail address you have provided in your original enquiry. We are entitled to assume that the e-mail address you have provided is correct and that you understand and accept the risks associated with using this form of communication.  If you wish to make a data subject access request for a copy of any personal data we hold on you, please write to: Christian Bunn, Ionian Blue Sailing, 38 Vanbrugh Gate, Swindon, Wiltshire, SN3 1NQ.
HOW TO OPT OUT
If you wish to opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, please advise us BY EMAIL to info@ionianbluesailing.co.uk
Your details will be immediately deleted from our marketing lists.
Your Consent By using this site, you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Children Though this site is not specifically aimed at children we understand that they may wish to use it. The information we collect does not specifically identify children. A parent/guardian can request that their child’s personal information is deleted or refuse to allow further collection or use of their child’s information by contacting us at the e-mail address below. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to web sites.
Passive Information Collection As you navigate through a Web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies, Internet tags, and navigational data collection. We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses on this site. An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user’s computer). We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, and administer and improve the site. A “cookie” is a bit of information that a web site sends to your Web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences. “Session” cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your Web browser window or otherwise turn your computer off. Session cookies are used to improve navigation on Web sites and to collect aggregate statistical information. This site uses session cookies. “Navigational data” (“log files,” “server logs,” and “clickstream” data) are used for system management, to improve the content of the site, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors. This site uses navigational data. If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Security We take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you choose to send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
Links to Other Web Sites This site may contain links or references to other Web sites. Please be aware that we do not control other Web sites and that, in any case, this Privacy Policy does not apply to those Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every Web site you visit.
How to Contact Us If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact us:
E-Mail: info@ionianbluesailing.co.uk
Changes to This Privacy Policy If this Privacy Policy changes, the revised policy will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy was last updated May 20th 2018.
Latest News
Free Day Refresher
Jun 23, 2020Save £150 with our fabulous free Day Refresher on all bareboat sailing holidays this summer 2020. Bareboat charter in the Ionian has long been envied as the perfect way to log your first sea miles skippering or crewing your own yacht and we realise this can be a nervy...
read more
FAQs | Terms & Conditions | Cookies & Privacy
Copyright Ionian Blue Sailing | Website by Freshpage