http://www.banksiatourist.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Banksia Tourist Park privacy policy applies to all personal information collected by Banksia Tourist Park.
Banksia Tourist Park collects personal information through our website, social media, in person when you check in and over the phone.  Some personal information may be required to enter our competitions or when completing a survey.
Banksia Tourist Park is committed to complying with Commonwealth legislation governing privacy of personal information by businesses and to protecting and safeguarding your privacy when you deal with us.
Banksia Tourist Park will only collect personal information, if it is necessary and will enable us to provide you with a greater quality of service, for any of our functions or activities.
Banksia Tourist Park may keep a record of email correspondence.
Acceptance
Children under 16 years of age should not use this website without parental supervision or permission.  By using our services you have read and agree/consent to what we have outlined in our Privacy Policy below and confirm you are over the age of 16 years prior to booking Accommodation with us.
Use and Sharing of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
We may use or disclose personal information held about an individual for the primary purpose for which it is collected (e.g. provision of our services, including administration of our services, notification to you about changes to our services, record-keeping following termination of our services to you and technical maintenance).
We may also use such information for a purpose related to the primary purpose of collection and where it would reasonably be expected by you that we would use the information in such a way. This information is only disclosed to persons outside our business in the circumstances set out in this policy or as otherwise notified to you at the time of collection of the information.
In addition we are permitted to use or disclose personal information held about you:
Where you have consented to the use or disclosure;
Where we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure is necessary to lessen or prevent a serious, immediate threat to someone’s health or safety or the public’s health or safety;
Where we reasonably suspect that unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in and the use or disclosure is a necessary part of our investigation or in reporting the matter to the relevant authorities;
Where such use or disclosure is required under or authorised by law (for example, to comply with a subpoena, a warrant or other order of a court or legal process.
Where we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary for prevention, investigation, prosecution and punishment of crimes or wrongdoings or the preparation for, conduct of, proceedings before any court or tribunal or the implementation of the orders of a court or tribunal by or on behalf of an enforcement body.
Security and Storage
Banksia Tourist Park places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers, clients and contractors.  We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control.  We regularly assess and take all reasonable measures so that your personal information is managed safely to protect it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Secure transmission of data
We treat all Data that you provide to us as confidential information. To prevent Data from unauthorised access or leakage, we have adopted and regularly monitor our group’s security and data privacy policies and procedures. We use SSL protocol – an industry standard for encryption over the Internet, to protect the Data. When you type in sensitive information such as credit card details, it will be automatically encrypted and transferred over a SSL connection. This ensures that your sensitive Data is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. You will know that you are in a secure mode when the security icon (such as a lock) appears on the computer screen.
Personal information is de-identified or destroyed securely when no longer required by us.
Banksia Tourist Park retains the information you provide to us including possibly your contact and credit card details to enable us to verify transactions and customer details and to retain adequate records for legal and accounting purposes. This information is held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
Information stored within our computer systems can only be accessed by those entrusted with authority and computer network passwords.  Managers and reception staff who have access to this information have signed a confidentiality agreement clause.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect user’s personal information,Banksia Tourist Park cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to it or from its online products or services, and users do so at their own risk. Once Banksia Tourist Park receives your transmission, it makes every effort to ensure its security on its systems.
Access to and correction of personal information
Access to your personal information may be released to you when requested in writing to us.  To ensure confidentiality, details of your personal information will only be released to you if we are satisfied that the information relates to you.  We will respond to written requests within a reasonable time period.
Inaccurate information will be corrected upon receiving advice in writing.
Banksia Tourist Park is committed to maintaining accurate, timely, relevant and appropriate information about our customers, clients and web-site users.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about our Privacy Policy or the collection, use or safe disposal or destruction of your personal information, your complaint should be directed in the first instance to our E-mail: marisa@ggcorp.com.au.  We will respond to your complaint within a reasonable time.
Download PDF Version