http://www.falconry.ie/privacy_policy/
HomeHawk WalkExtended WalkGift VouchersFAQ'SContactEmploymentShopping
Ireland's School of Falconry on Yelp
Watch Ireland's School of Falconry on YouTube
Follow Ireland's School of Falconry on Faceebook
Follow Ireland's School of Falconry on Twitter
Follow Ireland's School of Falconry on Instagram
HomeHawk WalkExtended WalkGift VouchersFAQ'SContactEmploymentShopping
John Brennan & Karen McGillivray
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
In this privacy policy references to "we", "us" and "our" are to Ireland's School of Falconry. References to
"our Website" or "the Website" are to www.falconry.ie.
What Information We Collect And How
The information we collect via the Website may include:
1. Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through forms and our email, such as name,
address, telephone number etc.
2. In order to effectively process credit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or
card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European
Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
3. Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you select to receive
email updates on products and offers).
4. Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web
server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your
usage of the Website.
5. Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves
you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on you computer
through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies,
information regarding this may be found in your browsers "help" facility.
What We Do With Your Information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1988 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
1. In certain cases we may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services.
In such a case you will be offered the option to opt in/out before completing your purchase.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use
third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers
use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal
information for their own purposes.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to
receive such information please send your contact details including address and payment of €10 to cover
administration expenses to the following address:
Privacy, Ireland's School of Falconry, Ashford Castle, Cong, Co. Mayo
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website
are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
John Brennan & Karen McGillivray
Ireland's School of Falconry on Yelp
Watch Ireland's School of Falconry on YouTube
Follow Ireland's School of Falconry on Faceebook
Follow Ireland's School of Falconry on Twitter
Follow Ireland's School of Falconry on Instagram
Ireland's School of Falconry, Ashford Castle, Cong, Co. Mayo, Ireland.ph: (0)94 954 6820 From the US ph: 011 353 94954 6820 email: info@falconry.iePrivacy PolicyDisclaimer
Site by [ Attik  Designs ] Site by [ Attik Designs ]