http://www.newburymountainclub.org.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
Home
About Us
About NMC
NMC News
Insurance, Safety and Responsibilities
Membership & BMC Benefits
Getting Started…
Data Privacy Notice
FAQ’s
Frequently Asked Questions
Useful Links
Outdoor Guides
Events
Events List
Calendar
Trip Reports
Most Recent
Archives
Gallery
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2006 – 2007
2004 – 2005
Misc
Membership
Membership Form
Book on a Trip
Trip Booking Form
Contact Us
Data Privacy Notice
Newbury Mountain Club (the Club) is committed to respecting
your privacy. This notice is to explain how we may use personal information we
collect before and during your membership of the Club. This notice applies to
you if you have registered to become or are a member of our club, or have
expressed an interest in joining. This notice explains how we comply with the
law on data protection, what your rights are and who will be the data
controller of any of your personal information.
The Club collects and processes data for the following
purposes, which are described in more detail in the following sections:
To manage the membership of the club.To inform members and supporters of activities
of the club and other relevant information.To organise trips, including payments for them.For other purposes necessary for the management
of the Club.
Responsibility
The Club committee is collectively responsible for
compliance with data protection legislation, in particular the Data Protection
Act 2018 and EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The responsibilities
of individual members of the committee for particular uses of data are
described below, and the committee may appoint one of its members as Data
Protection Compliance Manager to oversee overall compliance. Contact details
are set out in the “Contacting us” section at the end of this privacy
notice.
Membership Data
The Club uses the BMC Database to hold membership data. The
Secretary is responsible for maintaining this data, using information provided
by members on membership forms. By joining the Club, you give permission for
the Club to process the data contained in your membership form for the period
of your membership for the purposes set out in this notice. Normally, only the
Secretary and Treasurer have access to this database, but the committee can
appoint another of its members to have access if either of them will be
unavailable for an extended period.
Members are requested to inform the Secretary of any changes
to the membership information.
The Data Controller for this information is the BMC, and
more information about how the BMC uses data can be found at www.thebmc.co.uk/privacy.
Email distribution
The Club maintains an email forwarder to inform members and
supporters about club events. Committee members have access to this, to manage
the list and to access the names and email addresses of members for the purpose
of club admininstration. Former members are removed from this list three years
after their membership expires, or on request.
The Club may also use this list to inform members and
supporters of other events and information that they may find of interest. The
Club does not make this list available to any other organisation, or permit it
to be used for marketing of other organisations.
Club Trips
To participate in a Club trip, you will need to send an
email to the trip organiser. To facilitate sharing of transport and catering,
the organiser will usually send an email ‘to’ the participants, in which all
email addresses will be visible. If you do not wish your email address to be
made available to other participants, please inform the organiser. However,
this may prevent you from participating in shared food or transport.
The Treasurer maintains records of payments for club trips,
which are shared with trip organisers. These are retained in accordance with
normal accounting practice.
Club Website
The club maintains a website, which includes reports and
photos of club trips. If you do not wish to be included, please inform the trip
organiser. If you wish to have your personal data or a photo including you
removed from the website, please contact the Club webmaster through ‘contact
us’ below.
Administration of the Club
The Club may collect personal data necessary for
administration of the Club. This will normally be restricted to members of the
committee, unless it needs to be shared for specific reasons such as for
professional advice, an insurance claim, in case of emergency, or as required
by law. This might include ‘Special Category’ data relating to an individual’s
health.
Data Retention
Unless otherwise stated, the maximum period for retention of
data is three years, apart from:
Date of joining the club, which can be retained
until three years after membership expires.Data relating to members or participants on
trips who were under the age of eighteen at the time, which can be retained
until three years after they reach the age of eighteen.Data that may be required for legal, personal
injury or insurance purposes.Data relating to people who have enquired about
the club but not joined or participated in a trip is deleted after a maximum of
one year.Trip reports and photos, which can be retained
indefinitely.
The Club Secretary and Treasurer are responsible for
retention of data in their areas of responsibility. Other committee members and
members should delete data once the purpose for which it was provided is
fulfilled.
Further information and how to contact us
The Club processes data for the
purposes of establishing or maintaining membership or support for the Club, in
accordance with the Section 2 (2) (g) of the Schedule to the Data Protection
(Charges and Information) Regulations 2018 and related guidance by the
Information Commissioner.
You have the following rights in
relation to your personal information:
the right to be informed about how your personal information is being
used;the right to access the personal information we
hold about you; the right to request the correction of
inaccurate personal information we hold about you; the right to request the erasure of your
personal information in certain limited circumstances;the right to restrict processing of your
personal information where certain requirements are met; the right to object to the processing of your
personal information (including for direct marketing);the right to request that we transfer elements
of your data either to you or another service provider; andthe right to object to certain automated
decision-making processes using your personal information (the Club does not undertake any automatic decision-making).
For further information, see the website of the Information
Commissioner: www.ico.org.uk
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please contact the club secretary.
Next Pub Meet
5 Jan 2021 8:00 PM
Pub Meet
"Zoom" on the Green
Search for:
Forthcoming Events19 Dec 20 - Christmas 2020 Day Walk22 Jan 21 - Brecon Beacons12 Nov 21 - Peak District3 Dec 21 - Snowdonia Christmas EpicLocal Events of InterestNo events
Recent Trip Reports
Golden Cap
Lake District – Quest for Snow
Cairngorms Winter Skills Course
Khyber Pass – Dec’19
Next Steps Scrambling Training Weekend…
Fort William – May ’19
Buckden, North Yorkshire – Easter 2019
Peak District – Mar 2019
Brecon Beacons – Jan 2019
Christmas Walk – Dec ’18
Proudly powered by WordPress.