http://www.oceanfront-camping.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyThis website - www.oceanfront-camping.com - is owned and operated by the Cove Oceanfront Campground, a business strongly committed to protecting the privacy of Web site users. The intent of this Privacy Policy is to inform you, the user, about the information that may be collected about visitors to this site, how that information is used, and about the disclosure practices.The Cove Oceanfront Campground is committed to high business standards that require honesty, integrity and fairness, and will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information. This site does not use techniques that collect personal information about you without your knowledge, and you have the right to decline to have any information collected or transferred for marketing purposes.What happens to your personal information?All personal information that is collected on this site is stored in a secure location. At no time will the Cove Oceanfront Campground solicit personal information to third party vendors without prior consent, in respect for the privacy and confidentiality of site visitors.What about spam?Subscribers will not receive any unsolicited emails or correspondence if they have not provided the Cove Oceanfront Campground with prior permission. From time to time email may be used as a way to keep in touch with site visitors; however, we do not send "spam" (unsolicited marketing e-mail). If you agree to receive email communications from us, every email message will include an option to "unsubscribe". If at any time you decide you do not want to receive marketing email from us, simply let us know and we will promptly remove your name and email address from our mailing list.When you leave this siteThis policy discloses the privacy practices for the Cove Oceanfront Campground website. However, this site contains links to other sites and once you move to another site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all Web sites you visit, especially if you share any personal informationSecurity PolicyUsers are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site. By way of example, you are prohibited from
accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access;
attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security without proper authorization;
attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network;
sending unsolicited mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services
Our Guests Say...
We enjoyed our stay with you - you live in a beautiful place and run a great campground (we have seen a lot of bad ones). Best wishes - hope to stay again one day.
Paul & Mary A., Fort Collins, CO
Additional Guest CommentsShare This Page