https://www.macbackpackers.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Blog
Getting to Edinburgh
Special Offers
Agents
Call us on
+44 131 558 9900
or
Follow us
Home
Our Tours
3 Day Isle of Skye
5 Day Skye and Highland Fling
3 Day Skye & Loch Ness
7 Day Best of the West
Easter 3 Day Isle of Skye
5 Day Christmas Caper
Hogmanay Hootenanny 2020/2021
Private Tours
Gift Cards and Freedom Tickets
Gallery
Image Gallery
Video Gallery
Reviews
About Us
About MacBackpackers
Why Macbackpackers?
Environmental Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Hostels
Where we stay
Private Tours
Privacy Policy
Work With Us?
FAQs
Online Shop
Our Hostels
Contact Us
Book Now
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy notice is for this website; www.macbackpackers.com served by MacBackpackers Limited, 15 Johnston Terrace, EH1 2PW, Edinburgh, United Kingdom, and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the business, MacBackpackers Limited."You", or "the user" refers to the person/people using this website.GDPR means General Data Protection Act.PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.Cookies mean a packet of data sent by an internet server to a browser and returned by the browser each time it subsequently accesses the same server; used to identify the user or track their access to the server.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and/or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
We are registered with the ICO under the Data Protection Register, our registration number is A8354915.
ConsentConsent is used in lawful basis to keep you updated with special offers, promotions, marketing and newsletters. If you give your consent to use your data for these purposes, the data needed is added to our customer database. You can find more information about how your data is processed from 'Email marketing messages and subscriptions'. We will continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists. We do not share your information with third parties and withdrawing consent can be done either directly with our EMS or by contacting us.
ContractIn order to get you on tour to explore Bonnie Scotland and to make sure that all your travel arrangements run smoothly, we need to use the personal information, which you provide to us, such as, name, contact details, any special requirements, etc. Your information is processed in our booking system. We share your personal information with third parties and they include; accommodation used on tours and other suppliers directly related to the tour. However, we never give your data to any party not involved in supplying or arranging your tour. We shall continue to process your information until the contract between us ends or is terminated under any contract terms.
Legal obligationWe need to process the personal data to comply with a common law or statutory obligation. If necessary, your information might be shared to comply with these obligations. However, we do not share your data to any third parties not directly related to legal obligation.
Legitimate interestsWe have a legitimate business interest to use the personal information we collect from you to offer an effective service and carry out our business. We will not share your data with any third parties and always make sure that it has a minimal privacy impact.
If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling
You also have the right to complain to the ICO if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device/computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website.
Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies and control which cookies are saved to your device/computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
The site uses the following cookies:
google.com: 1P_JAR, APISID, CONSENT, HSID, NID, OGP, OGPC, S, SAPISID, SID, SIDCC
macbackpackers.com: PHPSESSID, _ok, _okac, _okbk, _okck, _okdetect, _okla, _oklv, cpsession, hblid, olfsk, timezone, wcsid
nrpc.olark.com: X-Mapping-fjhppofk
tourradar.com: _ga
www.tourradar.com: ci_session, geoip, tr_cookies
pbs.twimg.com: gsScrollPos
cdn.syndication.twimg.com: lang
twitter.com: _ga, _twittersess, auth_token, csrf_same_site_set, dnt, eu_cn, guest_id, kdt, mobile_metrics_token, personalization_id, remember_checked_on, syndication_guest_id, tfw_exp, twid
syndication.twitter.com: lang
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Transparent Privacy Explanations
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Sponsored links, affiliate tracking & commissions
Our website may contain adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some pages. These are typically served by our advertising partners or are self-served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. However, we do not control the actual adverts seen/displayed by our advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as 'non-personalised' cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse.
Clickable sponsored or affiliate links may be displayed as a website URL like this; www.scotlandstophostels.com or as a titled text link like this: Scotland's Top Hostels.
Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie.
If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website.
Email marketing messages & subscription
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the "Processing of your personal data" above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software/applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations, will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences, you can also unsubscribe from all MailChimp lists, by following this link, otherwise, contact the EMS provider.
Our EMS provider is; MailChimp. We hold the following information about you within our EMS system;
Email address
I.P address
Subscription time and date
Name, country, etc. if applicable
If you have any further questions about how we handle your data, you can contact us:
By phone: +44 (0)131 558 9900
By email: info@macbackpackers.com
By post: Privacy Manager, 105 High Street, Edinburgh, EH1 1SG, United Kingdom
About MacBackpackers
Why Macbackpackers?
Environmental Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Hostels
Where we stay
Private Tours
Privacy Policy
Work With Us?
Featured Reviews
Mattias Lybäck said...
3 day Loch Ness and Isle of Skye (Guide: Neil): If you are planning to spend a week in Scotland and want to see a bit more than just Edinburgh, I would definitively recommend that you use the opportunity to go on…
Read More Buzz
Instagram
MacTweets
Tweets
by @MaccyBees
Leave a review
Macbackpackers reviews
Our Tours
3 Day Isle of Skye
5 Day Skye and Highland Fling
3 Day Skye & Loch Ness
7 Day Best of the West
Easter 3 Day Isle of Skye
5 Day Christmas Caper
Hogmanay Hootenanny 2020/2021
Private Tours
Gift Cards and Freedom Tickets
Other Stuff
Blog
Travelling
from London?
Reviews
Galleries
Contact Us
Frequently Asked
Questions
Shop
Let's Be Friends
Sign up to our
newsletter and you'll receive the latest
stories, competitions and offers
Email
GO
Find Us
MacBackpackers
105 High Street,
Edinburgh,
EH1 1SG
Telephone: +44 131 558 9900
Get in touch
copyright 2015 - 2020 MacBackpackers
all rights reserved
Responsive
Website Design,
Development & Hosting by
mtc.