http://www.nbbqa.org/privacy-statement
Skip to content
0 Items
in your cart View Cart
0
Cart
Join
Login
Contact Us
Board ONLY
NBBQA Administrative Procedures
NBBQA Legal Documents
NBBQA Logos
Tax Archive
ABOUT
History
Bylaws
Board of Directors
Committees
Special Interests Groups
MEMBERSHIP
Become A Member
Membership Comparison
Membership Flow Chart
Membership Testimonials
Member Directory
Business Directory
FAQ
ARTICLES
All Articles
NBBQA Latest News
NBBQA News (eNewsletter)
Business SIG
Culinary SIG
Events SIG
Marketing SIG
Products SIG
AWARDS OF EXCELLENCE
AOE Volunteer and Judging Sign-up
AOE Overview
AOE Categories
AOE Entry Rules
AOE Entry Process and Costs
Enter AOE
AWARDS
Legend Awards
Legends Awards Winners
Awards of Excellence Winners
Rhinestone Steak Winners
EVENTS
Join
Login
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Meet the BBQ Legends
This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to www.nbbqa.org and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.
1. Collection of Information by www.nbbqa.org
By using www.nbbqa.org, we may request that you provide personal information, including your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number and other generalized background information. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by us. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses, but is not linked to your personal information. We also get information from your use of our services including how you use them. Regarding IP Address and Clickstream Data, our server automatically collects data about your server's Internet address when you visit us. When you request pages from our web site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Your IP Address is used to help identify you and to gather demographic information about our customers as a whole, but does not include personally identifiable information. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another web site or a search engine); the portions of www.nbbqa.org you visited; any search terms you have entered on www.nbbqa.org, or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers.
2.Our Use of Your Information
We use the information we gather on www.nbbqa.org, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving www.nbbqa.org, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer. We may use your contact information in order to send you email or other communications regarding updates at the www.nbbqa.org .The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you. We additionally may employ Internet tracking and analytic tools such as Google Analytics to better understand and deliver a user experience. We also use the information that we gather for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Such information may also be used to gather demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider. We may link this information with your Personal Information.
3.Disclosure of Personal Information to Others
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties, or your combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of www.nbbqa.org , except as follows; We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf, including hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals may have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party. We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of www.nbbqa.org  if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to (1) meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; (2) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues (4) Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of www.nbbqa.org , our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
4.Use of Cookies and Local Storage
www.nbbqa.org  may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited those pages. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our Web site usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. You may not decline web beacons, however, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
5. Access to of Your Information, Opt-Out and/or Modification of Your Information
www.nbbqa.org  may provide account holders limited access to or the ability to modify Your personal information. Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
If you are receiving newsletters, commercial emails or other communications from www.nbbqa.org , but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by selecting an appropriate link in those email communications as indicated for the opt out or by sending an email to info@www.nbbqa.org . We retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of the www.nbbqa.org  more efficient, practical, and relevant. To the extent that we utilize the Google Analytics tools available, you have options with respect to some of those tracking tools or features available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
6. Security of the Personal Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. We restrict access to personal information to www.nbbqa.org  employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
7.Children
www.nbbqa.org  is not intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.
8.Changes to Privacy Statement
If we decide to materially change our Privacy Policy for www.nbbqa.org , we will post those changes through a prominent notice on the web site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at info@ www.nbbqa.org.
9.Contact Information
www.nbbqa.org  operates under the control of the National Barbecue and Grilling Association, a not-for-profit 501(c)(6) organization.
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 782 Kirkland, WA 98083
Email: info@nbbqa.org
×
Membership & Account Access
Already A Member?
If you are currently a NBBQA member, we invite you to set up an online account to:
Access the Member Directory
Register for Events
View & Pay Invoices
...and more!
Create an Account
Applying for Membership?
The members of NBBQA invite and encourage you to join! By working together, we can achieve our mission to maintain and enhance our industry as a whole.
View Membership Information