http://www.bpslangar.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skydive Langar Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the relevant Data Protection Acts and Regulation).
What information we collect
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
your name
address
phone number
email address
information for safety management – Age, Sex, Weight and Height
credit/debit card details(only stored for current transaction)
We will never collect sensitive information about you such as ethnicity or religious beliefs.
Information Sharing, Use and Retention
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you such as your booking information.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfil your request or to meet our legal requirements.
Specifically:
Your information is used to make you a member of British Skydiving, the governing body for skydiving in the UK. This is a legal requirement in order to jump in the UK
Incidents involving parachuting and skydiving in the UK maybe reportable to British Skydiving or the Civil Aviation Authority.
Only if you give explicit consent will we use your information to contact you in relation to other products or events. If you give you consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time by contacting us at info@skydivelangar.co.uk
Your personal data will not be retained longer than necessary, in relation to the purpose for which such data is processed. Skydive Langar will ensure personal data is securely disposed of when no longer needed. You have the right to contact us at any time to request the deletion of any personal information we hold relating to you and your booking.
COOKIES
Cookies are small files that are put onto your device when you visit websites like ours. We use cookies in order to collect information that helps us improve your user experience. The cookies we use are not used identify you personally. If you don’t want cookies, you don’t have to have them! Here’s how to disable cookies in Chrome. You can also use free third-party programs like Spybot to block cookies. If you do block cookies, some elements of our site might not work so well.
We use cookies to do the following:
Remember if you are logged in (or not)
See which of our pages you visit
Enable retargeting adverts
Allow you to share our pages through social networks
By continuing to use our website, you agree to our cookie policy.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we electronically collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent, either explicitly, or by opting in to one of our email lists.
We will give you the chance to refuse (or unsubscribe from) any marketing email from us in the future.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
Concerns or complaints
If you have concerns about the way we handle or use the data we hold please contact us directly on 01949 860878 or email us at info@skydivelangar.co.uk.
×
Home
Tandem Skydive
Tandem Skydive
Skydive for Charity
Learn to Skydive
Learn to Skydive
Static Line
AFF Course
Experienced
Experienced
Services
Events
DZ Info
DZ Info
Accommodation & Facilities
Drop Zone Briefing
Prices
News
Contact Us
Book Now
Gift Vouchers
Christmas Sale! - 5% off Gift Vouchers - CODE: nicelist
+ +