https://www.americanexpress.com/us/privacy-center/?inav=footer_privacy_statement
Home
Privacy Center
Welcome to the American Express Privacy Center
Your privacy made easier.
These short videos will give you a simple overview of our existing privacy practices and help you exercise greater control over data we have about you.
Want more details? Our existing Online Privacy Statement and Privacy Notices are only one click away. You can also check your current choices at any time - just log in to your account or contact us using the number on the back of your card.
Since our founding in 1850, our customers have trusted us, and we work hard to protect your privacy and security.
Just another way we have your back.
-Opening in new window
Your Privacy Choices
Choices
Collection & Use
Sharing
You have choices and you can easily manage them at any time.
Log in to your account, call the number on the back of your Card, or contact us at 1 (855) AXP-PRIV if you'd like to review and update:
1. How we communicate with you, whether by phone, mail, or e-mail;
2. The types of messages you'd like to receive from us, such as those related to           travel, dining, or entertainment
3. Your choices on whether we can share certain data with our business or                 commercial partners.
For your choices related to online targeted advertising, click here.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, please click here
For more details about your marketing and data sharing choices, click here.
We may collect data from you in three ways:
1. Sometimes you give us data directly, by signing up for our products and                    services;
2. When you use our website and app, or your American Express Card for                       everyday purchases;
3. We may also obtain data about you that is publicly available (for example: data       from online platforms or databases).
Learn more about how we collect data here.
We may use data to offer products and deliver services tailored to you. Data allows us to conduct research and analysis and improve your experiences offline and online.
We may also use data to further improve security, prevent and manage fraud on your account, and assess credit risks related to our business.
To learn more about how we use data and see a list of examples click here.
We may share data, as permitted or required by law, with partners such as our business or commercial partners and companies within the American Express group, to run and market our business, and to detect and prevent fraud.
For more details about our data and sharing practices, visit our Privacy Notices and Online Privacy Statement.
You can always check or update your choices around data sharing by logging into your account.
Find out more about our Privacy Disclosures, including how we may
collect, use, share and safeguard data about you.
-Opening in new window
Find out more
FAQs about Privacy
How does American Express manage data about me?
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. That's why we created the American Express Privacy Center - a resource to help you understand your choices and how we collect, use and share data about you. It's also a quick and convenient way to access our:
Online Privacy Statement, which describes what information we collect and use and our sharing practices when you use our online or mobile products and services;
Privacy Notices, which inform you of the personal information we collect, why we share it and who we might need to share it with, and the choices you can make around the sharing of your data; and
Privacy Principles, which explain our commitment to protecting your personal data.
Where can I find more details about how American Express collects, uses and shares data about me?
You can learn about how we collect, use and share information in our Online Privacy Statement and Privacy Notice.
What are my choices about how American Express directly markets to me?
You can choose how you would like us to contact you - whether through postal mail, email and/or telephone. If you choose not to receive marketing from us, we will honor your choice. However, you may no longer hear from us about products, services and features - including discounts and other deals - that we believe may be of interest to you. We will still send you communications in order to service your account, fulfill your requests, or administer any promotion or program in which you have elected to participate.
How can I update my personal information?
You can log in to your account to update or correct your personal information. You can also call the number on the back of your card. If you are not a Card Member, you can call the customer service number associated with your products or service.
I have a product or service issues by one of American Express' partner banks. Where can I find the relevant privacy statement and policies?
If you have a product or service that is issued by one of our partner banks, please contact the issuing bank for information about their privacy practices.
Who can I contact if I have additional questions about how American Express protects my privacy?
If you have questions or concerns related to our principles, policies or statements, call us at 1 (800) 528-4800 or log in to your account and chat with us here.
Am I eligible to exercise state-specific rights?
If you are a U.S. consumer or customer with an American Express consumer product or service, your relationship with us is currently governed by federal law. Please refer to the Privacy Notice specific to your product or service, which can be found here.
If you have a relationship with us that falls outside of our consumer products or services and you would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), please click here.
If you would like to exercise rights under the CCPA on behalf of someone else, please contact us at 1 (800) 528-4800
To learn how American Express protects you from fraud visit our Security Center.
-Opening in new window
Security Center