https://www.dayodental.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Dáyo Global Medical Network, LLC (DÁYO) is committed to respecting your privacy. We have designed our website so that you may visit it without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information, unless you opt to do so. Once you opt to provide personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card number), it will only be used to support your customer relationship with us and for our own internal purposes including marketing and research, customization of our website(s) and improving the content of our website(s). We will, of course, also share such information with the clinics, hospitals, and health care providers in our DÁYO network that you have selected in order to assist you in seeking health care alternatives.
This Privacy Policy regarding the privacy of the information you provide online covers the following main areas: Awareness, What We Collect, Information Sharing, Choice, Access & Accuracy, Security, Oversight, and Right to Change.
Awareness
DÁYO provides this Privacy Policy to inform you about our privacy policy and the practices and choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice may be accessed from any area of DÁYO’s website.
What We Collect
When you make a reservation online or by phone through our customer support center, you will be asked for your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and other relevant information. This information is used to contact you for customer service, to facilitate the booking of your medical treatment and travel arrangements. We may also ask you for other personal information, such as a credit card number, for billing purposes.
Third-party vendors
DÁYO’s website may contain links to websites and/or booking engines that are powered by third-party vendors. You should note that these vendors may have privacy policies and practices that differ from those of DÁYO. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy policies of these vendors when using their websites.
About Cookies
Many websites, including those owned by DÁYO, use cookie technology to help users navigate efficiently. The cookie is a small text file that resides on your hard drive. From time to time, our site(s) will request the cookie from your browser so that we can retrieve the stored information. This allows you to avoid making the same selections over and over again. DÁYO does not use cookies to store personal information, such as credit-card numbers.
An example of how cookies are used is as follows: When you click through different pages on our website, a cookie will be set depending on the procedure you select. If you are interested in, for example, cosmetic dentistry, a cookie will allow us to display such procedures to you immediately instead of having to search through the site.
Please note that with most browsers, a user can set the preferences to show a warning each time a cookie request is received. You can also usually set the browser not to accept cookies at all. However, to make your experience using our booking engines as convenient as possible, we suggest that you allow your browser to accept cookies.
Information Sharing
DÁYO will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other third-party vendors that are acting to complete reservation services. We do not knowingly permit the site to be used by any person under the age of eighteen and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children (meaning those younger than thirteen years of age). We will cooperate with law enforcement authorities.
Choice
DÁYO will not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the purposes described above without letting you know and offering you a choice. Please be aware that our website and those of our affiliates may contain links to other websites, and that the privacy practices of these other websites may differ from those of DÁYO. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all other websites you visit.
From time to time, we may send you e-mails with information that you might find of interest. If you would rather not receive them, please reply to the e-mail with “unsubscribe” in the subject field or follow the instructions in each e-mail message.
Access & Accuracy
DÁYO strives to keep your personally identifiable information accurate. We make every effort to provide you with access to your registration data so that you may update or correct your information.
Security
DÁYO is committed to protecting the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Oversight
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, e-mail: clientcare@Dayomed.com. Your use of our website is subject to our User Agreement.
Right to Change
We review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and may make changes to the policy pursuant to such review. Please periodically review this page to make sure you have the current version. Regardless of changes, we will abide by the privacy practices described to you in this Privacy Policy at the time you provided us with your personal information.
The foregoing Privacy Policy was last updated on Jan 15, 2007.
Have Questions?
Call us at 877-987-3296 or
Submit your Question
WordPress Lightbox
Sample
Price List
How
we help you
What is Dayo Dental?
Trusted Dentists
Truly Affordable
Convenient Experience
Advisor and Advocate
How Dayo Dental Works
Optional Transportation
Find a Dentist
About Dayo Dental
Blog
In the news
Reviews
FAQ
Explore
Mexico Dentistry
Get started