https://www.jamesbeard.org/privacy-policy
Sign Up for Our Newsletters
Awards News
Beard Bites
Events
Greens Chicago
Greens NYC
Impact Programs
Scholarships
#WasteNotWednesday
Women's Leadership
Submit
Privacy Policy
The James Beard Foundation values your support and is committed to protecting your online privacy. You can visit our website without revealing any personal information.
Collection of General Information
Our web servers automatically collect some non-identifying basic information from your visit to help measure website activity and improve our site. This information includes your IP address, browser type, computer type, the pages requested, and the referring website.
Like many other websites, the James Beard Foundation website occasionally deposits bits of information called "cookies" in a visitor's computer. Cookies help us distinguish repeat visitors from first-time visitors and give us helpful information about how our pages are viewed. This technology does not collect personal, identifiable information.
Payment Transactions
Any payment data collected by a third party platform on our behalf is only transmitted in a limited format to any Foundation staff. For credit cards, this would only include details such as the last four digits, expiration date, and country of issuance.
All payment data obtained by the organization is protected by various measures of security including physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. Safeguards include, but are not limited to: strong access controls, device encryption, network firewalls, and destruction of physical collections of payment data.
For additional questions regarding data privacy, please email publications@jamesbeard.org.
Volunteering Personal Data
You may voluntarily submit your email address or other personally identifying data to take part in an activity on the site, such as to sign up for a mailing list. In this case, we will use your data to send you the requested information. We may also send you occasional messages about other James Beard Foundation programs and information sources. You can unsubscribe from a James Beard Foundation mailing list at any time by responding to the instructions provided at the bottom of each message. We do not share our email lists with other organizations.
Updates to Our Policy
We may occasionally update this policy. If so, we will post revisions here.
Comments and Questions
If you have comments or questions regarding these policies, write to us.