http://www.holden.co.nz/websitetermsofuse
terms of use
Skip to Main Content
OWNERS
DISCOVER HOLDEN
SEARCH
More
OWNERS
DISCOVER HOLDEN
SEARCH
Back to More
Conditions of use website
(a) Intellectual property rights
Nothing on this Website shall be construed as conferring any license under any of Holden's or GMC's or any other person's intellectual property rights, whether expressly, by interference, by implication, or otherwise. Materials may not be copied or re-broadcast or redistributed or disseminated in any way without prior written permission of the copyright owner of that material.
(b) Consent
By using our Websites, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Holden as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
(c) Limitation of liability
In connection with your viewing and use of this Website, Holden shall not be liable for any damages, harm, liability, loss, cost, expense, or injury suffered in any connection with this Website whatsoever, including as a result of using, accessing, copying, or downloading any part of this Website's content. In no event shall Holden be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damage (including loss of business, revenue, profits, use, data or other economic advantage) however it arises, whether for breach of contract, or in tort, negligence, equity, or otherwise even if Holden has been previously advised of the possibility of such damage. You agree to hold Holden absolutely harmless from, and you covenant not to take any action against Holden for, any claims based on using this Website.
(d) Terms and Conditions of Use
By using this site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use in relation to your use or the performance of this Website, and the information, services and material contained in it or provided by it. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions of Use, please exit this Website
You may contact Holden at customerassistance.holden@gm.com or 0800 Holden if you have any queries about these Terms and Conditions of Use or to provide us with any information or discuss any of the services we offer.
1. Introduction
(a) You should read these Terms and Conditions of Use carefully.
(b) In these Terms and Conditions of Use:
(i) We", "Our", "Us" or "Holden" means Holden New Zealand Limited Co. Number 1602; and
(ii) "You" or "Your" means the person who accepts these Terms and Conditions of Use.
(c) Acceptance by You of these Terms and Conditions of Use binds You and all of Your employees, officers and agents to comply with these Terms and Conditions of Use.
2. Your privacy and security
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will comply with our legal and contractual obligations to You with respect to preserving the confidentiality of information relating to Your use of this Website and, accordingly, will not release information relating to Your use of this Website to a third party without Your consent. By using this Website You agree that information collected relating to Your use of this Website including your email address may be used by Us to analyse use of the Website and to tailor marketing by Us, Our subsidiaries, Our associated companies and/or companies managed by Us of products and services to You. This site uses a security device known as a Secure Socket Layer (SSL). This conforms to international standards and ensures that information passed to and from our Website cannot be viewed in transit. We strongly recommend You use this feature. You can tell if You are using the SSL by the appearance of a small padlock in the bottom status bar or on Your browser. The address in Your browser should start with https:// and not the usual http://.
3. Your information
(a) All information provided by You in making use of this Website or any of the information, services or material provided by this Website must be accurate and complete. You must immediately update this information if it changes.
(b) If any of Your information is incomplete or inaccurate, We may deny You access to this Website. (c) You must not disclose Your password to any third party or use Your password for any unauthorised purpose.
4. Binding terms and conditions
(a) The only terms which are binding upon Us are:
(i) those set out in these Terms and Conditions of Use; and
(ii) those which are imposed by law and which may not be lawfully excluded.
(b) We may vary these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time and without notice by posting the varied Terms and Conditions of Use on this Website. Your continued use of this Website after the Terms and Conditions of Use have been varied, constitutes Your acknowledgment that You accept the changes to the Terms and Conditions of Use and that You agree to be bound by the varied Terms and Conditions of Use.
5. Exclusions and limitations
(a) All statutory or implied terms, conditions or warranties concerning the quality or condition of this Website or any information, service, material, advice or recommendation supplied by Us to You through this Website are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.
(b) If We breach any term, condition or warranty which is implied by law and which cannot lawfully be excluded, Our liability for a breach of the applicable term, condition or warranty is limited to, at Our election: (i) the resupply of the relevant advice, service, recommendation or information; or
(ii) the payment to You of the cost of having the relevant advice, service, recommendation or information supplied again.
(c) Except to the extent that liability may not lawfully be excluded, We will not be under any liability to You (or any of Your officers, agents or employees) for any direct or indirect loss or damage (including without limitation consequential loss or damage, loss of profit or anticipated profit, loss of data, loss of use, damage to goodwill and loss due to delay) however caused (including without limitation due to breach of contract, negligence and/or breach of statute) which may be suffered or incurred or which may arise from or in connection with Your use of this Website or Your use of or reliance upon any of the information, services and/or materials contained in it or provided by it to You or Our negligence or Our breach of Our obligations under these Terms and Conditions of Use.
(d) The information contained in the Price Comparison Report is provided by Us in good faith, and We have taken all reasonable care in providing it. However, changes or events may occur which cause the information to be inaccurate or out of date. Accordingly, We do not warrant the accuracy or currency of that information and any reliance by You upon that information is at Your sole risk.
6. Links to other sites
This Website may contain links to Websites maintained by other organisations. We have no affiliation with those Websites, do not endorse any material on those Websites and do not provide any warranty, or assume any responsibility, regarding the quality, accuracy, source, merchantability, fitness for purpose or any other aspect of the material on those Websites.
7. INpress
This Website contains information provided by INpress. The copyright in this information is owned by INpress and is reproduced by Us with the permission of INpress. The INpress has taken all due care in the preparation of the information but cannot provide any warranty or accept any liability for this information.
8. Viruses
We do not represent or warrant that this Website and any other information or material contained in, downloaded or accessible from this Website, is free from computer viruses (including macro viruses) or any other defect or error which may affect Your software or systems. You should protect Your software and systems by installing and implementing Your own security checks and systems.
9. Cookies
This Website uses a feature of Your Internet browser called a "cookie" to manage security and store report parameter information. If Your browser does not support cookies, or You have disabled this functionality, You may be unable to use this site.
10. Governing Law
The law of New Zealand governs these Terms and Conditions of Use, and You and We submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of New Zealand.
(e) Disclaimer
The information contained in Holden's Websites is subject to change without notice, so please check back periodically. Holden's Websites are intended as general information only and is not complete or definitive. Holden is not liable and does not take any responsibility whatsoever for reliance on such information.
Holden's sites may contain links to other Websites maintained by other organisations. Holden is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites
|