https://www.cruisingco.com/privacy/
Home
Resources
About Us
Get a Quote!
Contact
Speak with a Travel Consultant800.886.8601
800.886.8601
Toggle navigation
CRUISES
Cruise Search
Signature Collection
Cruise Destinations
Cruise Specials
Cruise Lines
Embarkation Ports
River Cruises
Shore Excursions
Get a Quote
VACATIONS
Vacation Search
Advanced Search
Search by Destination
Vacation Suppliers
Book Your Tours
Hawaii Vacations
Mexico Getaways
World Destinations
Shore Excursions
Get a Vacation Quote
HOTELS & RESORTS
Signature Hotels & Resorts
Hotels Specials
DEALS
Exclusive Offers
Hot Cruise Deals
Hot Vacation Deals
DESTINATIONS
Destination Article
Luxury
Explore World Destinations
DISNEY
SPECIALTY
Search World Destinations
Signature Culinary Travel
Experience River Cruising
Luxury Travel
Family Vacation Travel
Why Group Travel
Adventure Travel
Celebrations
GROUPS
Sign Up!
Receive Special Offers Via Email!
Enter for a chance to Win a Free Vacation!
Online Privacy Policy for CruisingCo.com
CruisingCo.com understands the privacy concerns of today's Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.
CruisingCo.com will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of CruisingCo.com.
CruisingCo.com does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers.
Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to e-mail our customer service department.
Travel Magazine Online
To help you discover ways to explore the world, we're pleased to share our digital magazine, The Travel Experience.
View Magazine
Shore Excursions
Save money and escape the crowds. Hot Deals and multi-port packages. Savings of up to 50%!
View Excursions
Free Mobile App Download
Our free app that allows you to carry all of the destination information you need while traveling, right in your pocket!
Download the Phone App!
Trip Insurance
We recommend optional travel insurance that protects you in the event of having to cancel your trip avoiding travel vendor cancellation policies and more!
Buy Travel Insurance
Click Here!
Win a Free Vacation!
Sign Up!
Receive special offers and discounts via email!
Click here to Sign Up!
Sign Up!
Receive Special Offers Via Email!
Enter for a chance to Win a Free Vacation!
CruisingCo / MouseEarVacations
15127 Main Street E, Suite 104
PMB #120
Sumner, WA 98390
Toll Free: 800.886.8601
Phone: 253.891.1138
Fax: 866.575.8276
HomeResourcesAbout UsGet a Quote!CopyrightPolicyContact
© Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. CruisingCo.com.
CST #2058090-40 / WST #602-017-559 / FST #ST38358 / Ist #1269 / HST #7138
Travel content powered by advaia.com
....