http://www.ushga.org/page/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the official Web site of the United States Hang Gliding and Paragliding Association, Inc. ("USHPA"). USHPA is a California Non-Profit Mutual Benefit Corporation. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the USHPA Site.
What Information Do We Collect
You can order products, apply for and renew memberships, or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our publications, receive our online newsletter, report an accident, or participate in one of our online surveys. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected or visible at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, birth date, gender, credit card information, USHPA membership information, USHPA ratings, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
You can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name or e-mail address in connection with ordering a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
At certain parts of the USHPA Site, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, programs, and services or otherwise participate in the site's activities and offerings.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our Web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OSX), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink) and the IP address of the computer or router that you use to access the Internet.
Any email you send us may also contain personally identifiable information such as your email address and whatever other information you place in the message, as well as non-personally identifiable information such as the name of the computer on which you sent the mail, the IP address of the computer on which you sent the mail, the email program you used to compose and send the email, and the ISP you used to end your email.
How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to fulfill a request by you for an online communication, to contact you about an order placed on the USHPA Site, or to contact you about your membership with us.
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to them.
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a "letter to our editors"), we may publish your full name and other information you have provided to us.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Agents and contractors of the USHPA who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for the USHPA.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
Personally identifying information on online accident reports is used for communication to legal counsel in the event of litigation.
Members may obtain names, membership numbers, expiration dates and ratings of other members in the Members Only Area of the USHPA Site. Members running for director seats may be granted access to the names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses and/or ratings of other members for the sole purpose of soliciting those members' votes. From time to time the USHPA may make the names, addresses, email addresses and phone numbers of its members available to third parties for the purpose of offering services or products to the USHPA membership that the USHPA believes may be of interest to you.
Finally, USHPA will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.
E-Mail Preferences and Privacy Options
The USHPA provides you with certain options which you can control the flow of e-mail and what information gets displayed to the website. These options are set at the will of the member and are not changed by staff, with the default setting always to the more restrictive setting.
E-Mail
1) Send me the periodic USHPA e-Newsletter.
2) Send me information about USHPA membership benefits, services, or offers - From time to time, the USHPA may opt to send you information concerning new products or services offered by the USHPA.
3) Send me the Regional Director candidate information during elections.
4) Send me information related to US hang gliding and paragliding competitions.
5) Allow other members to contact me directly.
6) Allow the Foundation for Free Flight to contact me about their programs.
7) I consent to receive all communications from USHPA by electronic transmission
Privacy
1) Exclude my ratings from the "Ratings Issued" page on the USHGA Web site.- Whenever you earn a rating, your name will appear on the Ratings Issued page. You can control this behavior with this option.
2) Exclude my contact information from Instructor/Appointment lists under "Where to Learn" - If you are a USHPA Certified Instructor, Observer, Examiner, or Administrator, your name, telephone number, and e-mail address will appear within the 'Where to Learn' section of the website, so that pilots can easily find you as an instructor, observer, or administrator. If you choose to exclude your information, your name won't appear anywhere in Where to Learn.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites
The USHPA Site contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Cookies
This Web site makes use of browser "cookies". We use session cookies in the Members Only section to manage the login/logout process. A session cookie is not stored on your hard drive but is only stored in temporary memory that is erased when the browser is closed. Cookies can be rejected by your browser but if you do, some functions may not work correctly.
Security
Security is a key concern of the USHPA.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
How to Access or Correct Information
If you are a member of USHPA, you can access and correct your personally identifiable information by logging onto the Members Only section of the USHPA Site and click onUpdate My Info. If you are not a USHPA member, you can have your personally identifiable information modified by contacting USHPA at US Hang Gliding and Paragliding Association, P.O. Box 1330, Colorado Springs CO 80901, Phone: 719-632-8300 - Fax 719-632-6417.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Policy on collection of Personally Identifying Information From Minors
The site you are visiting is a general audience site. Children 13 years old and under shall not submit personally identifying information without their parent's consent.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the USHPA online policy or its implementation you may contact us at by clicking on the Contact Us button on the USHPA Site and submitting a message.
USHPA is supported by:
Become an USHPA sponsor
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##
{1}
##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##