http://www.fauna.com.au/fauna/privacy
F.A.U.N.A.
Back
Contact FAUNA
Disclaimer
Privacy
HELP WILDLIFE
Back
Rescue
Donate
WILDLIFE INFO
Back
Birds
Back
Black faced cuckoo shrike
Blue faced honeyeater
Brown cuckoo dove
Brown goshawke
Sulphur crested cockatoo
Crested pigeon
Crimson rosella
Dollarbird
Figbird
Galah
Grey falcon
King parrot
Kookaburra
Magpie
Nankeen kestrel
Noisy friarbird
Noisy miner bird
Osprey
Pied butcherbird
Rainbow lorikeet
Red goshawk
Pale headed rosella
Sacred kingfisher
Scaly breasted lorikeet
Southern boobook
Tawny frogmouth
Wedge-tailed eagle
Willie wagtail
Yellow tailed black cockatoo
Mammals
Back
Black flying fox
Grey headed flying fox
Little broad nosed bat
Little red flying fox
Melomys
Marsupials
Back
Bilby
Black striped wallaby
Brushtail possum
Brushtailed phascogale
Common wallaroo
Eastern grey kangaroo
Feathertail glider
Greater glider
Koala
Long-nosed bandicoot
Northern brown bandicoot
Red kangaroo
Red-legged pademelon
Red necked pademelon
Ring tailed possum
Rufous-bettong
Squirrel glider
Sugar glider
Western grey kangaroo
Whiptail wallaby
Monotremes
Back
Echidna
Platypus
Reptiles
Back
Australian coral snake
Bearded dragon
Carpentaria snake
Carpet python
Coastal taipan
Common death adder
Northern dtella
Eastern brown snake
Water dragon
Frilled neck lizard
Goanna
Green tree snake
Red bellied black snake
Rough scaled snake
Spotted python
Privacy
Print
Email
Who is F.A.U.N.A.
Who is F.A.U.N.A.
F.A.U.N.A. (Fostercare of Australia's Unique Native Animals) Association Inc is a group of dedicated volunteer wildlife carers. We rescue and care for sick, injured or orphaned wildlife.
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
F.A.U.N.A. (Fostercare of Australia's Unique Native Animals) Association Inc. seeks to provide the best possible service to its members, committee and the public.
We understand how important it is to protect your personal information. This document sets out our privacy policy commitment in respect of personal information that you may provide to us.
Our Privacy Policy ensures your right to privacy as we recognise that any personal information we may collect about you will only be used for the purposes indicated in our policy. It is important to us that you are confident that any personal information we collect from you or is received by us, will be treated with appropriate respect ensuring protection of your personal information.
Our commitment in respect of personal information is to abide by the National Privacy Principles for the protection of personal information, as set out in the Privacy Act of Australia and any other relevant law.
Personal information
Personal information
When we refer to personal information we mean information that we directly collect from you, from which your identity is apparent. This information may include information or an opinion about you, from which your identity can reasonably be ascertained.
Why we collect your personal information
Why we collect your personal information
We collect and receive personal information from our customers, affiliates and partners or from other organisations in order to conduct our association business. From time to time we may offer other products and services.
To enable us to maintain a successful relationship with you, we may disclose your personal information to other organisations that provide products or services used or marketed by us.
The types of organisations to which we are likely to disclose information about you include credit card processors, banks and financial institutions, freight companies and couriers, market research and advertising agencies, business advisors, accountants and lawyers. We may also disclose your personal information to any other organisation that may have or is considering having an interest in our association business.
We may use your personal information for statistical and marketing analysis purposes and research and development purposes.
How we collect your personal information
How we collect your personal information
We collect your personal information during your sign up process to our service, through our free online newsletter or through our online web facilities.
We collect personal information in a number of ways, including directly from you when you enter your personal details to subscribe to our free online newsletter, when you purchase our products and services, when you provide information by phone and/or in documents such as an order form, from publicly available sources of information, or from our own records.
Disclosure of your personal information
Disclosure of your personal information
Where possible, we will inform you, at or before the time of collecting your personal information, the types of organisations that we intend to disclose your personal information to.
Sometimes we are required or authorised by law to disclose your personal information. Circumstances in which we may disclose your personal information would be to a Court or Tribunal in response to a request or in response to a subpoena or to the Australian Taxation Office.
We may collect details from or disclose your personal information to credit or fraud agencies or debt recovery agencies for verification or debt collection purposes.
We may also disclose your personal information to our professional advisors, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers, or to other organisations involved in sale or transfer of our assets.
Direct marketing
Direct marketing
From time to time we may use your personal information to provide you with current information about our services, special offers you may find of interest, changes to our association, or new products or services being offered by us or any company we are associated with, seminars, and conventions.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may at any time decline to receive such information by contacting our office using our contact form or by following the instructions for removal in the marketing information sent to you. We will not charge you for giving effect to your request and will take all reasonable steps to meet your request at the earliest possible opportunity.
Updating your personal information
Updating your personal information
It is important to our relationship that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. During the course of our relationship with you we will ask you to inform us if any of your personal information has changed.
If you wish to make any changes to your personal information, you may access our website and update your details or contact us. We will generally rely on you to assist us in informing us if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Access to your personal information
Access to your personal information
We will provide you with access to your personal information we hold about you. You may request any additional personal information we hold about you at any time.
To access personal information that we hold about you use the contact details specified on this website.
Denied access to your personal information
Denied access to your personal information
There may be situations where we are not required to provide you with access to your personal information. For example, such a situation would be information relating to an existing or anticipated legal proceeding with you, or if your request is vexatious.
An explanation will be provided to you, if we deny you access to your personal information we hold.
Business without identifying you
Business without identifying you
In most circumstances it will be necessary for us to identify you in order to successfully do business with you, however, where, it is lawful and practicable to do so, we will offer you the opportunity of doing business with us, without providing us with personal information. Such a situation would be where you make general inquiries about our services or current promotional offers.
Where sensitive information is collected, stored, used or transferred about you, we will only use this information if you have consented or in the exercise or defence of a legal claim or as required by law. Sensitive information is information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political persuasion, memberships in trade or professional association or trade unions, sexual preferences, criminal record, or health.
Safety of your personal information that we hold
Safety of your personal information that we hold
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information by storing it in a secure environment. We may continue storing your personal information even after you have terminated your relationship with us.
We will also take reasonable steps to protect any personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Storage and access of your data
Storage and access of your data
Due to the nature of our business, we may hold or store your data on our servers. This can be in the form of email messages, attachments, files, or databases. We will not reveal such data to any third party, unless required by the applicable law. We may transfer your data for backup and disaster recovery purposes. Such copies will be treated with the same confidentiality as its originals.
Further information
Further information
You may request further information about the way we manage your personal information by emailing us using our contact form
Changes to our privacy policy
Changes to our privacy policy
We are constantly reviewing all of our policies and attempt to keep up to date with market expectations. Technology is constantly changing, as is the law and market place practice.
As a consequence we may change this privacy policy from time to time or as the need arises.
©
F.A.U.N.A. (Fostercare of Australia's Unique Native Animals Association Inc.), ABN 24 274 942 904
2008 -
2020