https://www.nlr.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
In this privacy policy references to “we”, “us” and “our” are to Northampton and Lamport Railway. References to “our Website” or “the Website” are to nlr.org.uk.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, fill out a form or donate money.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
For Gift Aid Claims
We may use the information to improve our offerings.
We may periodically send promotional communications through email, post and telephone, to include the impact your support has made, requests for further support, activities taking place at the Severn Valley Railway, invitations to join us at events, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or post.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company outside the ‘N-LR Family’ (see below) for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering a purchased product or service requested.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future communications, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, and information on our printed communications.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
For sensitive information, we offer the use of a third-party secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
The website uses cookies, but only as part of the need to control the website. We do not use cookies to store any information of a personal nature, or your website usage. You may turn off cookies in your browser, but you may then find that the website does not work correctly on some pages.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We, do however, share your information with other members of the Northampton & Lamport Railway under the Northampton & Lamport Railway name (Please see below). This includes trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor/supporter information will be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Northampton & Lamport Railway Family
Your details will only be made available to other organisations operating under the Northampton & Lamport Railway name to include: Northampton & Lamport Railway Preservation Society (CIO), Northampton Steam Railway Limited. and other N-LR organisations which may be introduced from time to time.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.