http://www.hardrock.com.au/privacy
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy
This document sets out the privacy policy of Hardrock Climbing Pty Ltd & The Hardrock Climbing Company Pty Ltd which are subject to and comply with the Federal Privacy Act 1988 (as amended from time to time) and the Australian Privacy Principles in the Act.
Our Commitment
Hardrock Climbing Pty Ltd & The Hardrock Climbing Company Pty Ltd recognise that your privacy is very important to you and we are committed to promoting confidence in the manner in which your personal information is handled by us. By providing your personal information you agree and consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage and holding of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Collection of Information
We collect your personal information when you provide it to complete an online purchase and complete your booking. You may also choose to provide us with additional information to enable us to improve and expand our service to you such as updates to our services and special promotions.
When you visit our website, details are recorded about your visit, such as time and date, your server address, pages accessed, time spent and type of browser. This information is used in an anonymous form for statistical purposes and as such cannot identify you individually.
Using and Disclosing Your Personal Information
Your personal information will only be used or disclosed as is necessary to provide you with the goods and services available through the website offered by us and to assist us to improve our website and services, and to provide you with information and offers relevant to our services. You may opt-out of receipt of any such offers at any time by submitting a request through our feedback form, or through the methods described in any e-mails we may send you.
Where you send us email or use our enquiry / feedback form we may record this information to improve our service and assist you with any requests. This information will not be disclosed to any third party, except as required to provide you with the products and services you request.
Hardrock Climbing Pty Ltd & The Hardrock Climbing Company Pty Ltd will not, without your prior consent, disclose personal information for any purpose other than those purposes described in this Privacy Policy to which you have already consented. We may disclose your personal information where required or authorised by law to do so.
Storage and Security of Personal Information
Online booking services within this website are provided by Bookeo Pty Ltd. Bookeo's privacy policy can be found at bookeo.com/privacy.
Please note that our website does not provide systems for secure transmission of personal information across the internet, except where otherwise specifically stated. You should be aware that there are inherent risks in transmitting personal information via the internet and that we accept no responsibility for personal information provided via unsecured websites.
Hardrock Climbing Pty Ltd & The Hardrock Climbing Company Pty Ltd will take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information it holds from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure. We will not be held liable for loss or damage arising from unauthorised access to your personal information or a breach of this policy whether or not such access or breach was caused by our negligent or willful act or omission or that of our employees or agents.
Website analytics
To improve your experience on our site, we may use 'cookies'. Cookies are an industry standard and most major web sites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
Hardrock.com.au also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, Instagram and others. If you choose to "like" or "share" information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.
Complaints Resolution
Hardrock Climbing Pty Ltd & The Hardrock Climbing Company Pty Ltd are committed to providing customers with a fair and responsible system for the handling of customer complaints. If at any time you have any concerns or complaints in relation to privacy or the operation of the Website, please contact us through our contact form so that we may resolve them.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may, from time to time make alterations to this privacy policy, which will come into effect from the time of posting of an amended Privacy Policy on the Website.