http://www.highlandmanorwinery.net/privacy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 1, 2017 (“Effective Date”) and applies to personal and financial information submitted on this Web site on or after the Effective Date.
Collection and Use of Information
Highland Manor Winery will not collect any personally identifiable information about you through this website unless you provide it to us voluntarily. The information we collect will vary depending on how you use this website. On some pages you can register or request to receive materials, announcements and other information from us or from others. The types of personal information collected may include, without limitation, your name and contact information (such as your address, phone number or e-mail address).
You should be aware that Highland Manor Winery may also track and record the IP address from your computer. The Highland Manor Winery does not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use so that we may better understand which features are most popular and best meet the needs of our visitors.
Sharing of Information
Highland Manor Winery will not sell, rent or share personally identifiable information about you to or with other companies or people unless: (i) we have your consent to do so; (ii) we need to share the information in order to provide the information, product or service you have requested; or (iii) we need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of The Highland Manor Winery to provide a product or service for you on our behalf (provide that these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us, unless they have your consent to do so).
Privacy Policy Effectiveness
This Privacy Policy shall apply only to individual consumers and solely to information collected by this web site. This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 1, 2017, and applies to personal and financial information submitted on this web site on or after that date.
Security
Highland Manor Winery endeavors to maintain appropriate physical and electronic procedures and safeguards to protect information collected from this web site.
Links
This web site may contain links to third-party web sites. While Highland Manor Winery endeavors to only provide links to web sites maintained by reputable organizations, you should be aware that these third parties may be able to gather information from and about you if you visit their web sites. In these cases, those third parties will use such information in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may differ substantially from our policy. Highland Manor Winery is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
A Few Of Our Offerings At
Highland Manor Winery
Tasting Sessions
Sip and enjoy our award-winning local wines at the vineyard.
Festivals
Our estate offers several venues to showcase our festive side.
Weddings and Private Events
Our tranquil, picturesque setting is the perfect place to say “I do.”
Join The Newsletter
Signup for our latest news, events and offers
from Highland Manor
Join The List