http://www.sansebastianwinery.com/privacy.php
Home Page
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Tumblr
Pineterest
Toggle navigation
Brand
Order Wines
Tours & Tasting
Our Vineyards
Our Wines
WINE DESCRIPTIONS
HEALTH BENEFITS
BE AN EXPERT
FOOD AND WINE
WINE MAKING
GIFT BASKETS
Information
OUR HISTORY
TOURS AND TASTINGS
MAPS AND HOURS
RETAIL STORE OUTLETS
WINE AWARDS
The Cellar Upstairs
WINE AND JAZZ BAR MENUS
BAND SCHEDULE
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect and protect your privacy. We collect customer information for the purpose of fulfilling our customers' orders and to communicate with you about your order. We do not sell, rent or share any portion of our customer database to third parties. We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
However, we may disclose your personal information under limited circumstances if we conclude that we are required to do so by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of San Sebastian Winery, its customers or the public.
Federal and Florida state law requires us to request identification from each consumer to prove that you are legally able to purchase alcohol: 21 years of age. To process an order, we require your name, home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town, state, zip code, email address, telephone number, date of birth and credit card number. All of the customer data we collect is stored on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: (888) 352-9463. This policy was last updated July 1st, 2016
Changes to your Personal Data
In the event you wish to change any of your personal information, please contact us by written notification to our email address info@sansebastianwinery.com or contact us at (888) 352-9463.
Unsubscribe
From time to time, we may use your name and contact information to notify you of changes to the web site, new releases, special offers and events we think you may find valuable. If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving email offers, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email communication we send you. If you have multiple addresses, you will need to unsubscribe for each address in order to be removed from our database.
Purchasing Wine
You must be 21 years of age to order or receive wine from us. All wine orders are sent with “Adult Signature Required” stickers, and the carriers that deliver our wines are required to check for identification upon delivery. Verification of age is required at the time of delivery. Failure to produce age verification forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. If this happens, the order may be held with the local shipping company until appropriate identification is produced, or it may be shipped back to the winery. All associated costs will be the responsibility of and be charged to the customer.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors, and we take steps to ensure that minors cannot purchase or receive wine from us.
Returns and Refunds
Due to the unique federal and state regulations involved with the shipment of our products we handle each return or refund request through personal contact. If you feel you would like to return products from your order, or receive a refund, please contact us at info@sansebastianwinery.com or call (888) 352-9463.
Inquiries
If you need to inquire about your order, please e-mail info@sansebastianwinery.com or call our (888) 352-9463, Monday through Friday, 9am - 5pm, EST.
Other
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by San Sebastian Winery as described in this policy, and you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. The provisions of this policy are subject to change, and San Sebastian Winery will post changes to this policy on this page.
Questions or Comments - Please Contact Us- For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to email us info@sansebastianwinery.com or call: (888) 352-9463. We're always happy to help.