http://www.jbcarpages.com/privacy/
Popular:
Chevy Cruze | Ford Edge | Ford Escape | Hyundai Elantra | Nissan Rogue | Nissan Versa | Scion xD | Scion tC | Toyota Corolla | Toyota RAV4
Privacy Policy
Navigation
AdvertisingContactPrivacy Policy »Terms of ServiceSite MapAbout Us
Sponsored Links
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the JB car pages Network, owned and produced by the JB car pages and its subsidiary and affiliate corporations, successors, and assigns (collectively referred to as "JB car pages").
The JB car pages Network Products and Services (collectively, the "Products and Services") are offered by the JB car pages through Web pages at or linked to the URLs www.jbcarpages.com and www.jbskyline.net, (collectively referred to as the "JB car pages Network," which may expand or change from time to time). All Products and Service on the JB car pages Network are made available subject to this Privacy Policy. By using the Products and Services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy or any other privacy or data collection policy applicable to any individual JB car pages Network Web site.
For questions about this Privacy Policy,
please contact us here
Please note that the JB car pages Network contains links to other sites. While we endeavor to ensure that the privacy policy of each site conforms to our own, the JB car pages cannot represent or guarantee that they do so. Bear in mind that such sites that are linked to the JB car pages Network sites may have privacy policies which differ from that of the JB car pages Network. The JB car pages Network will update this policy from time to time so please check back periodically. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing them.
Contents
1. Information collected
2. Who collects information?
3. How is it used?
4. Whom is it shared with?
5. Security procedures
1. Information collected
The goal of the JB car pages Network is to provide you with knowledge, but not to gain knowledge about you!
Our goal is to become your favorite Internet destination by providing the information, services, and product offerings that are most relevant to you. To achieve this goal, the JB car pages Network must collect information to understand what makes you different from its thousands of other unique users.
Information collected online is usually defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable.
Anonymous information
Anonymous information refers to data that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. The JB car pages collect some information each time a visitor comes to a JB car pages site, e.g the pages that are visited, how often they are visited etc.
The JB car pages Network collects aggregate search terms from its web search service for internal reporting and targeted advertising. The JB car pages collect this user information for purposes of product monitoring, product improvement, and targeted advertising. You do not have to register with the JB car pages Network before we can collect this anonymous information.
All of this monitoring is done by an outsourced provider called AddFreeStats:
Click here for their Privacy Policy
Personally identifiable
Personally identifiable information refers to data that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name and postal address, which may be collected in addition to the anonymous data described above. The JB car pages collect personal information in the following ways from different parts of their network of Web sites:
JB car pages Network Registration: You are sharing personally identifiable information with the JB car pages when you register to use one or more sites on the JB car pages Network. If you choose to register - and we hope you do - you may provide the JB car pages with your name, postal address, e-mail address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, telephone number, occupation, marital status and other information. While not all of this data is required for our services to function, we are better able to customize your experience if you volunteer complete and accurate information. The JB car pages find that users who personalize their experience come back more often. Be assured, though that none! of this information will be shared with Non-JB car pages sites. We guarantee that all of the information you provide will be used solely by the JB car pages Network.
Other Registration: In addition to registration for various services on the JB car pages Network, our business partners might ask you for personal information at other times, including when you enter a sweepstakes, contest, promotion.
Please look at the Privacy Policies of the respective Providers for more information.
The number and variety of useful services on the JB car pages Network will continue to grow in the future. You are not required to register for any services on the JB car pages Network. (This is true of any site on the Internet.) If you choose not to provide the requested information, the JB car pages Network may not be able to offer you some of the personalized services that depend on this type of information to function.
Correspondence: If you contact the JB car pages Network, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We do not collect any e-mail addresses of those who communicate with the JB car pages Network via e-mail. We only use the information provided so that we may respond to the e-mail.
2. Who collects information
When you register for a service within the JB car pages Network, that information is generally collected and maintained solely by the JB car pages Network unless specifically stated otherwise at the point of collection. For example, the JB car pages Mailing List is maintained by List Power. If data is collected and/or maintained by any company other than the JB car pages, we will tell you at the point of collection. Please check their Privacy Policy for more information. If you do not want to share your information with that company, you can choose not to use that service. Please see the Section entitled Whom is it shared with? for a more complete list of companies that allow the JB car pages to provide you with a wide variety of Products and Services.
The JB car pages may run promotions and sweepstakes across its Network. These promotions may be sponsored or co-sponsored by third-party companies. Data collected during a promotion is typically shared with the sponsor or co-sponsor. If you do not want to have the JB car pages Network share your data, you can choose not to participate in the promotion or sweepstakes.
Be aware that JB car pages Network sponsors and other advertisers have links on our sites that take you to other sites that may collect personally identifiable information about you.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
The JB car pages hope that all third parties involved adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users. However, the JB car pages Network Privacy Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices and the JB car pages Network does not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties.
3. How is it used?
Any personally identifiable information you share with the JB car pages when registering for Products and Services, or participating in a poll at any of our Network sites, is maintained and accessible only by the JB car pages unless specifically stated otherwise. Please see the Section entitled Whom is it shared with? for a more complete list of companies that allow the JB car pages to provide you with a wide variety of Products and Services. All of these Products and Services are available to you at no cost. In order to provide great content and services free of charge, the JB car pages display advertisements.
The following are examples of how the JB car pages Network may use the information it collects:
The JB car pages use the aggregate data collected to let our sponsors know the numbers of people who have certain demographic characteristics and the number of those people who have seen and "clicked" on their advertisement(s). We will also disclose to those third-party sponsors the overall demographics available regarding who saw and "clicked" on their advertisement. No personally identifiable information will be disclosed to these advertisers as part of this process - only information in an aggregate form.
The JB car pages also use the aggregate data to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our registered users and visitors, to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the JB car pages Network and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. Without such data, we would not know which parts of the JB car pages Network are the most popular, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately.
The JB car pages collect an aggregate list of search terms from its web search service. This information is collected anonymously and used primarily for the purposes of product development, monitoring, and improvement, as well as targeted advertising. Please note, however, that we may share this anonymous information with third-party companies.
The JB car pages may, from time to time, use your information to contact you about changes or enhancements to Products and Services on the JB car pages Network.
If you choose to receive the JB car pages Newsletter, you will from time to time receive information on the latest additions to the JB car pages network, automotive news and more information that we think might be of interest for you. Included in these Newsletters may be advertisements that we think might be interesting for you. These newsletters are written by our staff. None of the information provided by you in context with the mailing list will be shared with third parties.
The JB car pages sometimes use an individual registered user's data to "pre-populate" forms that are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by the JB car pages Network and/or its advertisers and sponsors.
If you enter a sweepstakes or a contest on the JB car pages Network, we or the third-party provider we team with, will use the information you provided to contact you in the event you win.
The JB car pages will disclose information about individual users to law enforcement agencies, judicial or governmental authorities, or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoena, court order, or other legal process. In matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, the JB car pages may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities.
4. Whom is it shared with?
By providing the JB car pages with your personally identifiable information, you authorize the JB car pages to internally share that information with other companies we provide our services with.
Companies in the JB car pages Network may have a physical address in a foreign country. In any event, the JB car pages will take every precaution to maintain the confidentiality and security of all user information sent abroad.
In addition, the JB car pages Network may share user information with third-party companies that are not part of the JB car pages Network. In order to provide you with content and services that match your interests, the JB car pages Network has relationships with many of the best service and content companies. Some of these services require registration before they will function properly. You can recognize most of these sites by looking for the joint branding of the JB car pages and the third-party company. For example, if you see a logo in the upper-right corner of the page that says 'Powered by ______', you are on a co-branded site. Other third-party relationships are "private label" relationships where a service or content company provides the JB car pages with technology, services and/or content under JB car pages Network branding.
Whenever you provide registration information on co-branded or private label sites, that data may be shared with the third-party company providing the service. You should make every effort to read the individual privacy policies of such third-parties, and make an informed decision on your own whether or not to continue based upon these sites' privacy practices and your own discretion. You may opt-out of sharing your information with such providers by choosing not to use that service or content.
The following is a list of third-party companies with whom the JB car pages has contracted to provide you Products and Services. This list may expand or change from time to time.
Everyone.net
The JB car pages partner with Everone.net to provide you with our free E-Mail service. Read their Privacy Policy here
Listpower
The JB car pages partner with Listpower to provide you with our Newsletters. Read their Privacy Policy here
In addition to finding co-branded and private label sites, you will find direct links on our site to sites offered by third parties. Some of these sites are authorized to use the JB car pages Network brands and/or logos. No third-party sites are covered by this Privacy Policy. If you feel that a site using a JB car pages Network brand and/or logo does not follow an acceptable privacy policy, please contact us here.
5. Security procedures
The JB car pages Network has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your user data under our control. Only authorized employees have access to the information you provide us. The JB car pages have implemented strict rules on employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take many precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your JB car pages Network passwords. Please take care when using and storing them. The JB car pages coordinators are not authorized to ask for your password!
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
Search
Web
JB car pages
Advertising
Home > Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 :: JB car pages
Contact | Advertising
| Privacy
Policy | Terms of Service | Site
Map
^ Top