http://www.petsinclothes.com/privacy.html
All pets
Dogs
Cats
Other pets
Login
Register
Privacy
Petinclothes.com is committed to protecting your right to privacy and ensuring your enjoyment of our website. This Privacy Policy covers Petinclothes.com's use of any personal information you provide us with when using any part of the Petinclothes.com website and also any data that we share with our business partners and other carefully selected third parties. It does not apply to your use of the Internet outside of the Petinclothes.com website and we would advise that you review third party policies when using other websites.
What information do we collect about you?
Petinclothes.com collects personal information about you during the registration process. We may also collect specific information from other parts of the Petinclothes.com website, for example, when you enter competitions.
Details we collect include your name, e-mail address, and your password.
Who do we share information with and disclose information to?
The information you provide us with is collected to improve the service we offer to you by helping us to: customise any content and advertising you see, fulfil any requests you make on the website, and to allow us to notify you of any special offers or new products that we think may be of interest. This may involve transferring data outside the European Economic Area.
We may disclose the information we collect about you to Petinclothes.com associates and carefully selected third parties (both inside and outside the European Economic Area) to provide you with information on goods and services which may be of interest to you. If you do not wish your details to be used by Petinclothes.com or our associates and/or passed on to third parties, then please tick the appropriate box on the website or contact us by email.
Complaints
Every pet picture on Petinclothes.com is submitted by the reviewer and is not the opinion of Petinclothes.com itself.
If you feel that any picture is unfair or untrue then please contact us with the details by email to: webmaster @ petsinclothes . com.
Changes to this Policy
Petinclothes.com reserves the right to make changes to this policy from time to time. Any changes will be notified on the Petinclothes.com website. The Privacy Policy will always be easily accessible online through the Petinclothes.com website.
Links to other sites
Links to other websites are provided for information only. Petinclothes.com accepts no responsibility in respect of your access to such websites or any material found on them.
Recent pets
Below are some of the pets recently added.
Why not click a picture and rate them?
View all pet pictures
Click here to see all pet pictures .
Friends
Holiday reviews
A small store for dinky dogs
All Links Directory
All picture rating sites
Funny pictures, jokes, and cartoons.
www.gimpsy.com
Got Boredom
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Links
News
Calendar
Site-map