http://www.pca.org/policies
Skip to main content
Porsche Club of America
Member Log-inJoin PCARenew
Search form
Search
Home
MembershipMy Account
Join
Renew
PCA Test Drive
Shop PCA
Membership Benefits
Activities
Porsche Values
PCA Juniors
Events
NewsNewsletter Archives
Photo Gallery
Members Making a Difference
MagazineNew Panorama
Past Panoramas
Contact Panorama
Advertise with PCA
Advertiser index
ClassifiedsBrowse Classifieds
Mart Rules
Avoiding Scams/Buyer Safety
TechnicalTech Q & A
Tech Tactics Live
Experts
Technical News
Technical Events
ConnectContact Us
About Us
PCA History
About Porsche
Region Directory
PCA Registries
Executive Council
National Office
Zone Officials
Region Officials
National Committee Chairs
Home
Membership
Events
News
Magazine
Classifieds
Technical
Connect
Main Menu
You are hereHome
Porsche Club of America
Privacy and Usage Policy
Revised April 25, 2017
Definition of Terms
"We", "us" and "our" refers to Porsche Club of America, Inc. The Regional Clubs, Zones, and Special Interest Groups (Registers) are related but separate entities, and "we", "us" and "our" do not refer to them. "Site", "Community", or "Service" refers to the Porsche Club of America web site, but not to the web sites or services of related Regional Clubs, Zones, or Registers. "Personal information" means information about you or your computer that we collect in connection with your application for membership, your communications with us, your participation in our activities, your use of our website, or any other nonpublic means by which we come about information about you. Personal information does not include information that is available from public sources, such as telephone directories or government records.
Collection of your Personal Information
Porsche Club of America collects and uses your personal information to operate the Porsche Club of America website and deliver the services you have requested.
Porsche Club of America keeps track of the pages our members visit within Porsche Club of America, in order to determine how our services are used. This data may be used to deliver customized content, advertising, or other purposes within Porsche Club of America.
We may collect information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Porsche Club of America for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Porsche Club of America website. This information does not personally identify you or your exact location.
Please keep in mind that if you disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Porsche Club of America public message boards (Forums or Community), Technical Q&A or any other feature of the website or Service, this information may be collected and used by others without our control.
Porsche Club of America will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Porsche Club of America or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Porsche Club of America; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Porsche Club of America, or the public.
Confidentiality, Use, and Security of your Personal Information
Porsche Club of America does not sell, rent or lease its member lists to third parties. We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Porsche Club of America may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide member support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Porsche Club of America, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Your personal information is not made available to Porsche Cars North America (PCNA), Porsche AG, or any of its affiliate companies.
Porsche Club of America may use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Our members' personal information is used within Porsche Club of America only on a need to know basis. For example, we do not provide one Regional Club with the personal information about another Regional Club or its Porsche Club of America members. We restrict access to personal information about members to those employees and volunteers who need to know that information to perform their jobs, and to our officers, committee members and staff who need to know that information to serve in their roles with us. We maintain reasonable safeguards to guard your personal information.
Porsche Club of America secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, except as otherwise noted in this Policy. Porsche Club of America secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
The Porsche Club of America website may have features which expose limited amounts of personal information. These features may include, but are not limited to, the Porsche Club of America Community, Forums, Tech Q&A, and a Member Directory. You may opt-out of appearing in the Member Directory by modifying your Member Profile. Participation in the Community or Technical Q&A is optional, and will be visible on the website.
Porsche Club of America does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Acceptable Usage — PCA Community
We encourage open dialogue within the Porsche Club of America Community but ask that you do so in a manner that is professional and respectful of each member's ideas and opinions.  Flaming and profanity will not be tolerated.
Do not upload any photos that are copyrighted, inappropriate, violent, or include suggestive behavior. Violation of these terms will result in the photo being deleted, membership to the community site deactivated/banned or complete removal of your Porsche Club of America membership.
Use of Cookies
The Porsche Club of America website use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your computer.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the Porsche Club of America services or functionality.
Copyright
This site is maintained by Porsche Club of America, Inc. All information and content on this site is Copyright © 1997 - 2017, Porsche Club of America, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Porsche, the Porsche Crest, Carrera, Targa, Boxster, Cayman, Cayenne, Tiptronic, and Tequipment are registered trademarks of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG.
All texts, pictures, audio and video files and other information published here, with the exception of the marked article are subject to the copyright of the Porsche Club of America. They may not be reproduced or copied in whole or part without the written permission of Porsche Club of America.  The Porsche marque and the Porsche Crest are protected trademarks of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG.  Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG is registered at the registration court Stuttgart HRB-No. 722287.
Terms of Service
The PCA.org website service (the "Service") contains material which is derived in whole or in part from the Porsche Club of America, Inc. and other sources and is protected by international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from the Service including code and software. If you are a member of the Porsche Club of America, Inc., chartered Region, Zone, or Register, you may download material from the Service for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. To the extent that any material you download is a trademark of either Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche Aktiengesellschaft ("Porsche"), or of [Portal:portalname], Inc., you must comply with the limited license terms available upon written request.
The points of view expressed in the public area of the Service are opinions of the persons posting such points of view, and do not represent the views or statements of the Porsche Club of America, Inc.
You agree to use our Service in accordance with these Terms. If you do not agree, do not use this Web Site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Porsche Club of America will occasionally update this Statement without notice, to reflect changing needs. Porsche Club of America encourages you to periodically review this Statement.
We may change the Privacy Policy or Terms of Service or impose new conditions on use of the Service from time to time, in which case we will post the revised Terms of Service on the website. By continuing to use the Service after we post any such changes, you accept the Terms of Service as modified.
Privacy Policies by Regional Clubs, Zones, or Registers
We encourage the Regional Clubs, Zones, and Registers to adopt privacy policies for their members.
Home
Policies
Site Map
Contact
"It's not just the cars, it's the people"
Copyright 2020 Porsche Club of America Inc. All Rights Reserved.