http://www.1stbrussels.be/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Home
Members
Beavers
cubs
Scouts
Explorers
Explorer Resources
Adults
Resources
leaders
What’s New
Join in
Contact us
NL
1st Brussels (British) Scouts, 111° FOS A Scout Group in the Heart of Europe.
Cookie and Website Privacy
May 2016
Introduction
We try to avoid long and wordy pages on this site, but we treat your privacy seriously and so we have prepared this page to share  how we handle any information we might collect from you when you visit our site. The following information is an attempt to make it crystal clear how our site operates and how it effects you. If you have any questions for us it also explains how these can be quickly addressed.
1st Brussels British Scouts is part of the UK Scouts Association which is a UK registered Charity Registered Charity, with number 306101. We are also a member of FOS Open Scouting Belgium
What information do we collect on this site
1st Brussels British Scouts collects anonymous information about visitors to our website for statistical analysis, and personal information from those users who complete the contact form, or sometimes those who provide information via email when contacting us with an inquiry.
The information collected from visitors to the website is anonymous and is used for tracking purposes to determine, for example, the number of pages visited in the session, the length of time spent on each page, and the frequency of visits to the website.
Personal data
If a visitor completes the contact form or contacts the organisation by email or phone, the data coming from that exchange will be recorded as appropriate for joining the group or to answer your questions. Data from submissions is removed from this site at regular intervals. Please see our complete FOS first brussels privacy statement sept 2018-19 with regard to how we use your data if you (apply to) join the group.
Cookies
In May 2011, the EU passed new legislation is regards to the use of Cookies. The following section explains what cookies are, which ones are collected by 1st Brussels British Scouts and how they are used on 1st Brussels British Scouts’s website.
How We Collect Information
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit. They are commonly used in order to make websites work by tracking goods that you have placed in a basket (we don’t do this), or work more efficiently by remembering your login details (we do this), as well as to provide information about the sites usage as we explained earlier.
Types of Cookies
There are three types of cookies written and collected by websites. With some exceptions (i.e.  websites that fundamentally require cookies in order for website functionality – see below).
Cookie Type
Description
Moderately intrusive
Embedded third-party content and socialmedia-pluginsAdvertising campaign optimisation
Minimally intrusive
Web analytics / metricsPersonalised content / interface
Necessary for Website Functionality(Exempt from changes to privacy regulations)
Stop multiple form submissionsLoad balancingTransaction specific
All 1st Brussels cookies fall into the minimally intrusive (to get visitor statistics and allow access to the Parents Resources  and admin pages) and the necessary category (to allow the join in and other forms to work).
The 1st Brussels British Scouts Website collects the following cookies;
Below is a table showing you the content of all the cookies that our site has saved about you.
Cookie nameDescriptionCookie Value
Third Party Cookies
Users of the site who wish to share 1st Brussels British Scouts’s content socially using Twitter, Facebook and Google+ may have cookies stored on their computers from these third party websites.
Cookies are collected from third party sites so that you can be logged in to your account on their site and share our content simply and easily.
For more information on the cookie policies of these third party sites, please visit their websites. You will be able to control the way cookies are used when you are signed into your accounts on these sites through the privacy settings they have made available to you.
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google+ Privacy Policy
Prohibiting the Collection of Cookies
If you would like to prevent the 1st Brussels British Scouts Website from collecting cookies when you visit our site, please update your privacy settings in your browser.
Search
Events Calendar
Popular Links
Join Scouting
Our Photo Gallery
Share Buttons
Copyright © 2020 1st Brussels (British) Scouts, 111° FOS
- All Rights Reserved.
Hosted by Scoutnet.be | Our Cookie and Website Privacy | Site AdministrationHosted by Scoutnet.be | Cookie and Privacy Policy