https://www.cambriancruisers.co.uk/privacy-policy
Our privacy policy
We respect your right to privacy. This privacy notice sets out details about the way we process personal data which we collect from you and how we may use your information.
What is personal data?
Under the EU’s General Data Protections Regulation (GDPR), personal data is defined as 'any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, local data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person'.
How we use your information
This privacy policy tells you how we will collect and use your personal data to respond to your request for assistance and how we use other data we collect from you in order to perform work on your behalf.
Why does Cambrian Cruisers need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with assistance in your query we need to collect some personal data. We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy. The lawful basis for collecting and using the personal data will depend on the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data from you only (a) where we have your consent to do so or (b) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights.
Will Cambrian Cruisers share my personal data with anyone else?
We will not share any data we hold with third parties or any other organisation unless you have told us in writing that you would like us to.
How will Cambrian Cruisers use the personal data it collects from me?
We will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date and not keep it for longer than is necessary. All personal data you have provided will be stored securely, both physically and electronically, in accordance with our policies. If you ask us to destroy this data, we will do so promptly.
Your rights as a data subject
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal information and the opportunity to choose how it is used. You can:
– Obtain copies of the personal information we hold about you (known as a ‘subject access request’).
– Request that we correct or update any personal information held about you.
– Ask that we erase or restrict the way in which we use your information.
– Request that personal information you have given your consent to use is provided in an electronic format so it can be transferred to another data controller (also known as ‘data portability’).
– Opt out of receiving further communications form us in any medium at any time. All requests to unsubscribe are dealt with promptly.
Can I find out the personal data that Cambrian Cruisers holds about me?
At your request, we can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. This procedure is known as a ‘subject access request’. If the office does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
– Contact details of the data protection officer.
– The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
– If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of us or a third party, information about those interests.
– The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
– Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
– How long the data will be stored.
– Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
– How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
– The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Using this website
How this website uses cookies
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive which helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual.
The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Cambrian Cruisers uses traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us to analyse data about web page traffic and improve the website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Cambrian Cruisers only uses this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling Cambrian Cruisers to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives Cambrian Cruisers access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with it.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
The Cambrian Cruisers website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave the site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Further information
If you believe that any information Cambrian Cruisers is holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. For further information about data protection, contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at www.ico.org.uk.
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Jonathan and Camilla
Cambrian Cruisers
Ty Newydd
Pencelli
Brecon LD3 7LJ
Tel: 01874 665315
© Cambrian Cruisers. All rights reserved