http://www.snowmobilecountry.ca/en/privacy-policy/
Close
Go
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Authentic Quebec's (Tourisme Lanaudière and Tourisme Mauricie)  Privacy Protection Policy
In using this site, users acknowledge that they have read, understood and accepted the terms set out above as well as the legal framework governing the protection of personal information, described below:
Legal framework governing the protection of personal information
The snowmobilecountry.ca site is published in Québec, Canada. Users’ personal information is protected under Québec and Canadian laws. For information on user rights, visit the Commission d'accès à l'information du Québec Website.
Unless required by law, Tourisme Lanaudière and Tourisme Mauricie does not disclose any personal information on snowmobilecountry.ca users.
Use of personal information
The information collected by Tourisme Lanaudière and Tourisme Mauricie with user consent serves to send users paper-based or electronic documents, respond to their information requests, forward reservation, product purchase or tourism service requests to service providers, subscribe users to Tourisme Lanaudière and Tourisme Mauricie newsletter and to tailor advertising to your interests. This information also serves to determine user habits and interests with a view to improving future service.
Disclosure of personal information
User requests may require the disclosure of personal information to service providers or sub-contractors involved in filling a request (e.g. disclosure of user’s contact information to an organization handling document shipping or to an establishment where the user wishes to make a reservation).
Sub-contractors and service providers outside of Tourisme Lanaudière and Tourisme Mauricie that use personal information held by Tourisme Québec are required to sign a confidentiality agreement and may use such information solely for the purposes to which the user has consented.
Information collected automatically by the site
When a user accesses the snowmobilecountry.ca site, information is automatically exchanged between the user’s computer, the site server and the servers of Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Facebook and the DoubleClick Bid Manager (DBM) advertising server.
The information exchanged includes:
the domain name of the user’s Internet Service Provider and the user’s IP address;
the type of browser, the type of device and operating system used to access the site;
the date and time of access to the site; - the site pages visited;
the address of the originating Website.
This information exchange is necessary for the proper operation of the site. The information is kept for statistical purposes. It is also stored in data logs for site security reasons and used to compile statistics on site visits. Information in the site's data logs may be communicated to third parties for security verification or legal investigations and will not be used for any other purpose.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small data files transferred to the user’s browser by a Website. They track the user’s preferences, making subsequent visits to the site more efficient. It can also serve for advertising purposes. The use of cookies is a common practice adopted by most major sites to better serve their customers. Most browsers are designed to accept cookies, but the parameters can be modified to block them. The snowmobilecountry.ca site uses cookies for advertising and statistical analysis purposes.
Third parties may also collect information from the Sites through cookies, third-party modules and widgets (such as the DISQUS feedback module on our blog). These third parties collect data directly from your browser and the processing of this data is subject to their own personal data protection policies.
Social media and advertising cookies
Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our Sites through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within and beyond our Sites. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data.
You can also choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings on each browser and device that you use. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Verification, comments or complaints
Users may ask to see, correct or delete the personal information in their Tourisme Lanaudière and Tourisme Mauricie file. Requests for verification and related comments or complaints should be sent to info@lanaudiere.ca along with information identifying the user. If you contact us about a complaint about your personal data, it will be processed in order to resolve it in an efficient and timely manner.
HOW ARE THIRD-PARTY COOKIES USED?
Certain functions on the Tourisme Lanaudière website come from third-party suppliers, such as YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc. When you view a video, click on a link that redirects to a different website, or consult any other third-party content, cookies are stored on your device. These cookies are commonly used by third-party suppliers for marketing and statistical purposes, and to optimize the user experience. We invite you to read the privacy policies of these third-party suppliers on their respective websites to learn more about how they use cookies.
Facebook
Cookie that supplies advertising services such as real-time ad space auctions, content customization and ad targeting when using Facebook. Opt-Out Link
Facebook
Cookie for sharing content on the Facebook social network. Opt-Out Link
Google
Cookie for sharing content with members of the Google+ community. Opt-Out Link
Google AdSense
Tracking cookie that also allows advertisers to measure campaign performance. Opt-Out Link
Google Analytics
Website traffic analysis cookie for sampling purposes. Opt-Out Link
Google DoubleClick
A cookie that enables advertisers to display their ads and measure advertising campaign performance. It also allows them to post customized ads on Google sites. Opt-Out Link
Pinterest
Cookie for sharing content on the Pinterest social network. Opt-Out Link
Twitter
Cookie for sharing content on the Twitter social network. Opt-Out Link
YouTube
Cookie for video viewing and content sharing. Opt-Out Link
YouTube
Cookie to create a unique ID based on geo-tracking (from the IP address) in order to track browsing, measure YouTube usage and the amount of videos viewed when browsing different websites. Opt-Out Link
By continuing to browse our website, you accept the use of cookies to provide services and offers tailored to your interests.
Ok
More info
Close
Important message
THIS WINTER, TRAVEL IN A SAFE WAY, GOOD SANITARY HABITS DON’T TAKE VACATION, EVEN ON SNOWMOBILES.
When the snowmobile season begins, the practice will have to be adapted to the prevailing conditions and it will be up to each snowmobiler to ensure that his or her itinerary is safe. Concretely, this will require a careful and proactive approach when the time comes to plan and execute your outings. It is recommended that you plan your stops and confirm that the establishments you wish to visit will be open.
Like everywhere else, food and lodging businesses, including restaurants and other services that welcome snowmobilers, must comply with public health guidelines and directives according to their respective areas.