https://www.worldsoffun.com/help/frequently-asked-questions
Skip to Main Content
Worlds of Fun is closed for the 2020 Season. See you in 2021! Learn More.
Skip to Next Section
Frequently Asked Questions
This is fun. Any questions?
Skip to Next Section
The Answer is Fun!
Have some questions about all the fun you can have at Worlds of Fun? Well, you've come to the right place. Here's a list of some of the most common questions we hear from our guests. Take a look and see if you find what you're looking for.
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
What happens when severe weather strikes?
In case of severe weather, please feel free to seek shelter at one of our indoor retail locations or one of our theatres. In case of Tornado Warnings, Worlds of Fun will play informational messages over our public address system. Our Worlds of Fun Team will direct guests and associates to the closest Storm Ready locations. Examples of Storm Ready locations include (but not limited to) the Tivoli Music Hall, and cinder block restrooms.
Are the parks within walking distance of each other?
Yes, Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun are connected near the Monsoon water ride. Your admission ticket includes access to all 235 acres of both Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun!*
*capacity limitations apply
What does my ticket include?
Your Worlds of Fun ticket includes unlimited use of all rides, shows, and attractions inside Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun (open seasonally) for one-day. It does not include extra charge attractions, RipCord, or various concerts and special events. All prices are plus tax unless noted.
What is the Junior / Senior Ticket?
The Junior / Senior Ticket is for guests ages 3 & older AND less than 48 inches in height OR Ages 62 & older. Any person 48 inches tall or taller needs to purchase a Regular Single-Day Ticket. Children 2 & under are admitted free. Children measured in shoes at Worlds of Fun and bare feet at Oceans of Fun.
How do I book a group visit to the park?
We encourage you to visit the Group Sales Ticket section of this website to learn more about our programs. Feel free to submit a Group Sales Information request or call us at 816.303.5135.
When I renew my Season Pass, do I get a new Season Pass?
No, do NOT discard your current Season Pass. It is now ACTIVE for the new season. For added convenience, be sure to load your Season Pass (and those of your family) to the Worlds of Fun mobile app.
I don't like to ride, do I have to purchase an admission ticket?
Yes, all guests entering the park gates must have an admission ticket. Non-riding guests are encouraged to visit our unique shops, relax at Oceans of Fun, visit great Live Entertainment options, or enjoy a variety of mild rides.
Can I drop off guests to visit the park and pick them up later in the day without paying for parking?
Yes, you may pick-up or drop-off any person visiting in the pick-up / drop-off lane at either park. You will not be charged for parking.
What type of payments do Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun accept?
Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express credit cards and most debit cards are accepted for parking fees, park admission, at most merchandise locations, and at select restaurants. ATMs are available throughout Worlds of Fun.
Do you offer a Military Discount?
Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun are pleased to offer a Military Discount off the Front Gate admission price to military members and their families.
For additional military ticket options, please consider calling your ITR office to inquire about discount programs:
Offutt AFB, (402) 294-4049
Fort Leavenworth ITR, (913) 684-3377
Fort Riley ITR, (785) 239-5614
McConnell AFB, (316) 759-6007
Whiteman ITT, (660) 687-5618
What is my responsibility as a rider and where can I find a complete list of ride regulations, guest services, park policies, and special services for guests with disabilities?
Many rides at Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun are dynamic and thrilling. There are inherent risks in riding any amusement ride. For your protection, each ride is rated for its special features, such as high speed, steep drops, sharp turns or other dynamic forces. If you choose to ride, you accept all of these risks. Restrictions for guests of extreme size (height or weight) are posted at certain rides. Due to rider restraint system requirements, guests of larger size may not be accommodated on some of our rides. This may apply, but not be limited to, guests who exceed 6’2”, or those who exceed 225 pounds, have a 40” waistline or 52” chest. Each person has different body proportions so it is not possible to list exact size and weight.
Guests with disabilities should refer to our Ride Admission Policy available at Guest Services. Participate responsibly. You should be in good health to ride safely. You know your physical conditions and limitations, Worlds of Fun & Oceans of Fun do not. If you suspect your health could be at risk for any reason, or you could aggravate a preexisting condition of any kind, DO NOT RIDE!
Missouri Statute RSMO 316.230 requires that riders obey all warnings and directions regarding all rides and behave in a manner that will not cause injury to themselves or contribute to the injury of others. Failure to comply may lead to ejection from the park and is a state misdemeanor.
Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun's definition of a supervising companion is one who meets all of the requirements to ride the ride itself, is 14 years of age or older and demonstrates appropriate observed behavior. Supervising Companions are responsible for ensuring that the guest remains seated properly—where applicable—and follows all rules and regulations.
The Guest Assistance Guide provides Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun guests with information regarding ride regulations, guest services, park policies, and special services for guests with disabilities. A hard copy of the Guest Assistance Guide is available at the Guest Services desk located at the Main Entrance of both Parks.
What are the rules of behavior and code of conduct at Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun?
No Disruptive behavior and/or profanity. No running or horseplay throughout the park. To ensure that all guests have a fair opportunity to enjoy a ride as quickly as possible, no line jumping. We define line jumping as: Cutting in front of other guests who are already in line; saving a place for someone; or leaving a line, then attempting to re-enter at the same point.
No loitering or gathering in groups that could block or impede traffic on the walkways. Profanity, illegal substances, and suggestive or offensive clothing are prohibited.  Shirt, shoes, and shorts/pants must be worn at the waistline.
No weapons of any kind (including pepper spray and folding/pocket hand tools) are never permitted on Worlds of Fun or Oceans of Fun property. Use of cameras and/or cell phones is not permitted inside the park restrooms and bathhouses. Some rides may require the removal of eyeglasses and t-shirts at Oceans of Fun.
No Laser Pointers or Bluetooth Speakers.
What Items can I take on Rides?
If you plan an active day of riding rides, we suggest that you bring into the park only items that can be safely secured in cargo pockets, a waist pack or a zipping jacket pocket. To secure loose articles, a cargo pocket must fasten with a velcro or button flap or a zipper, a waist pack should fasten around the waist and have a zipper closure, and a jacket pocket must have a zipper closure.
For safety reasons, purses, backpacks, beverage containers or any other loose articles may not be taken on most rides at Worlds of Fun. These items may be left in a locker, your vehicle, with a non-rider, or at the owner's risk on the ride platform. However, Worlds of Fun is not responsible for items lost, damaged or stolen.
What happens when it rains at Worlds of Fun or Oceans of Fun?
Most rides and attractions remain in operation despite rain. For your safety, certain rides and attractions may be closed due to rain, lightning, high winds, extreme temperatures, maintenance, and other reasons. We re-open closed rides and attractions as soon as possible. We do not issue rain checks or refunds.
Can I leave Worlds of Fun or Oceans of Fun and re-enter that day?
If you plan to leave and return later that day, ask the ticket taker for a re-entry voucher (we no longer use hand stamps) at the re-admission turnstile. Guests will not be allowed to re-enter without a re-entry voucher. Be sure to keep your parking receipt if you take your car from the parking lot so you can re-enter without charge. Vehicles left overnight may be towed at owner's expense.
Can I bring food or drink into Worlds of Fun or Oceans of Fun?
Guests may bring unopened bottles of water into the park. However, for everyone's safety, guests are not permitted to bring coolers, food, or other drinks into either park. Shaded picnic areas are available between parking lots D and F at Worlds of Fun and just outside the admissions gate at Oceans of Fun. Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun do not permit grilling, open flames or outside vendors to cater picnics on property. Alcoholic beverages are not permitted in the picnic areas located by the parking lots. For guests with special dietary needs including but not limited to gluten allergies, view additional dietary information.
What are the extra charge attractions and how much do they cost?
RipCord
RipCord is a SkyCoaster attraction that features a 180-foot tethered free fall. (You must be at least 48 inches tall to fly RipCord)
Flights are available on a first-come, first-served basis
Gold & Platinum Season Passholders receive 10% off any Ripcord Flight purchase
Pricing is dynamic and varies by day. Pricing is subject to change without notice
How does Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun handle lost people and lost articles?
To prevent your group from becoming separated during your visit, please arrange a specific time and place for your group to meet prior to entering the parks. We do not offer personalized public paging. If a child becomes separated from your group, we suggest you contact Worlds of Fun Security Personnel. All items found are turned into Guest Services. If you lose an item on a ride, we will search for the article as soon as it is possible. In order to keep the ride in operation, an immediate search may not be possible. Please do not attempt to enter any unauthorized areas.
If you are not at the park, please visit the online lost and found page to report your lost item. If you filled out a Lost Article Claim Form at the park, the information has already been filed.
What do I do if I lost my Season Pass?
Lost Season Pass cards may be replaced at Guest Services any operating day for a $15 fee.
Where are Guest Services and First Aid located at Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun?
You may visit Guest Services just outside the Worlds of Fun or Oceans of Fun Main Entrance for more information during your visit. First Aid stations are located across from the Timberwolf entrance in Worlds of Fun and adjacent to the Surf City wave pool inside Oceans of Fun. Both stations are staffed by EMTs during park hours. Refrigeration for most medication is available at First Aid.
Is smoking permitted at the Parks?
For the convenience of all our guests, smoking of any kind, including vapor and e-cigarettes, is only permitted in the designated smoking area near the park's main entrance. Please refer to our mobile app for the specific location. Smoking is not permitted inside Worlds of Fun. Thank you for your cooperation.
What security procedures are implemented at Worlds of Fun?
The safety of our guests and associates is our number one priority, and we have implemented several enhanced security procedures at all entrance gates. As part of the process:
Guests arriving at the park will go through metal detection every public operating day.
All bags, purses, backpacks, waist packs, etc. will be examined prior to entering.
Sharp objects (including pocket knives and metal chains), firearms, pepper spray, or other items that could be considered a weapon are strictly prohibited and should be left at home or secured in your vehicle.
Please see our separate FAQ on outside food and beverages.
We use a variety of methods in securing our parks including uniformed and plain clothes officers, and video surveillance monitoring.
Worlds of Fun does not tolerate guests who fight and/or harass other guests while on our property. People who engage this behavior are subject to being ejected and potentially banned from the park, and may be subject to arrest by local police.
Where can I find information on hotels and other things to do in Kansas City?
For information on local activities and accommodations, visit the Kansas City Convention and Visitors Association website, email info@visitkc.com, or call (800) 767-7700. Or, stay on-site at Worlds of Fun Village.
What is a Supervising Companion?
A Supervising Companion is someone who meets all requirements to ride the ride themselves, is 14 years of age or older and demonstrates appropriate observed behavior. Supervising Companions are responsible for ensuring that the guest remains seated properly—where applicable—and follows all rules and regulations.
Worlds of Fun Drone Policy
All drones (Unmanned Aerial Systems) are prohibited at (in) all Cedar Fair parks, including Worlds of Fun, and any unauthorized drone(s) observed over Worlds of Fun will be reported to the FAA and local law enforcement, regardless of its point of origin or operation. Drones may pose a potential safety risk and may violate Federal Aviation Administration guidelines.
Are online prices available at the gate?
No. Online only offers are not available at the gate. Season passes are usually at least $5 more per pass at the gate.
Are Season Passes more expensive when buying at the park?
Yes. Typically our best pricing is online, including season passes.  Season Passes are usually at least $5 more per pass when purchasing at the gate.
How do I access my Season Pass Easy Pay account?
Track payments, change payment information, or make payments through the payment portal found at worldsoffun.com/payments. You will need your order confirmation number and email address to log in.
Are cameras and cell phones allowed to be used on rides and slides?
For safety reasons, we cannot permit the taking of pictures, videotaping, or filming of any kind on any ride except the Worlds of Fun Railroad. This includes the use of GoPro style equipment, mounts, and harnesses. All cameras and cell phones must be safely secured in cargo pockets, a waist pack, a bin on the ride platform, left in a locker, or with a non-rider. Ride attendants cannot be responsible for items lost, stolen, or damaged while riding or sliding.
"Selfie Sticks" are not permitted on any ride.
What are the guidelines on dress at Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun?
In keeping with the family image of Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun, we require guests to wear appropriate clothing.
Shirts and shoes must be worn at all times and swimwear sufficiently covered while at Worlds of Fun. Shorts/pants must be worn so as to show no more than the waistband of any undergarments.
(For the safety of our guests, costumes (including adult onesie/pajama jumpsuits) are not permitted and will be refused admission with the exception of those under 12 years of age during our Halloween Haunt costume contests.)
Bathing suits and bikinis are appropriate dress only at Oceans of Fun. Clothing with zippers, rivets, buckles, etc. is not appropriate swimwear at Oceans of Fun. Diaper dependent individuals are required to wear a waterproof diaper cover at Oceans of Fun. Towels are not provided, although may be purchased at Oceans of Fun.
What procedures do you have in place to minimize the spread of illness amongst your guests?
We are strict and thorough in the steps we take and the processes we use to keep our properties safe and promote a healthy environment. To protect our guests and associates and prevent the spread of illness, we employ rigorous sanitation standards and robust cleaning procedures, including:
Extensive training for associates on maintaining a safe and hygienic workplace and environment for our guests;
Appropriate personal protective clothing and gear for associates who are assigned for cleaning duties;
Specified intervals for frequent cleaning and disinfection of targeted areas throughout the day;
Procedures for cleaning and disinfection of areas throughout the day and where illness has been suspected or reported;
Quick response to spills, trash and other situations;
Daily sanitation procedures, for everything from bathroom faucets and sinks to kitchen and dining surfaces, benches and trash cans;
Daily cleaning and “wash down” of outdoors locations, including walkways and queue lines;
Guest and associate first aid locations to assist with minor health issues.
We maintain close relationships with local, state, national, and international public health authorities, and take their guidance when additional preventive measures are needed.
Skip to Next Section
Water Park Information
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Appropriate Attire
To participate in water park attractions, appropriate swimwear is required. Here are some recommendations to help you plan your visit:
Appropriate swimwear is required. Thongs and transparent clothing are not permitted. We reserve the right to determine the appropriateness of swimwear.
Guests wearing bathing attire with metal buttons, rivets, zippers, or snaps will not be permitted to ride Aruba Tuba, Captain Kidd’s Slides, Coconut Cove Body Slides, Constrictor, Crocodile Isle, Paradise Slides, Predator’s Plunge, Shark’s Revenge, or Typhoon.
Footwear is not permitted on Oceans of Fun attractions. Aqua socks and aquatic style footwear are permitted on Aruba Tuba, Constrictor, Hurricane Falls, Shark’s Revenge, Surf City Wave Pool, Caribbean Cooler, Castaway Cove, and Coconut Cove.
Guests requiring special accommodation should speak to a member of the Aquatics management team. Specifically designed attire made out of lycra or nylon type materials will be considered. Due to attraction manufacturer requirements, some riding restrictions may apply.
All guests who require a diaper are required to wear a swim diaper or a diaper specifically designed for aquatic use.
When exiting Oceans of Fun, shirts, shorts, and shoes are required.
If you do not have appropriate bathing attire, swimsuits and other aquatic gear can be purchased at Bender’s Surf Shop.
Oceans of Fun Rules
To ensure the safest experience for all guests during their visit, the following rules are in effect. We appreciate your cooperation in this regard.
Attractions may have specific height, weight, and safety requirements. Please refer to the Safety Guide sign posted at each attraction to make an informed decision as to whether the attraction is right for you.
Please refrain from running, horseplay, and other boisterous activities.
Glassware and similar material with a tendency to shatter on impact are not permitted in Oceans of Fun.
For safety reasons, diving is not permitted at any attraction.
Oceans of Fun and Worlds of Fun is a smoke-free environment. Smoking is only permitted in designated smoking areas.
Keep an eye on your young children. Children should not be left unattended at any time.
Please secure all loose articles, including hats, glasses, and jewelry when riding. Cameras, cell phones and video recording devices may not be used on any slide or in any changing area or restroom.
Water toys, whistles, and inflatable assists are not permitted.
Masks and snorkels are not permitted at any water attraction.
Hearing devices or any other electronic devices may be damaged by water. Please take the necessary steps to protect such items.
According to crowd size, time at the water attractions and access to Oceans of Fun may be limited.
Aquatics Staff
Our Aquatics staff is here to ensure that you have a safe and pleasant visit. First aid staff and water park supervisors are available throughout the area should you have any questions or need assistance. Please follow all lifeguard rules and instructions, but do not talk to or distract lifeguards while they are on duty.
Lifeguard Training
In an effort to provide a safe and enjoyable water park experience for our guests, Oceans of Fun routinely utilizes training exercises to improve our lifeguards’ skills and vigilance. These exercises will occur during normal operating hours and may consist of the following: submersible water mannequins, the use of video surveillance equipment, internal and external audits, active/inactive water rescues and/or first aid scenarios.
Sun Safety
Oceans of Fun provides a full day of fun in the sun! To make the most of your day, be sure to drink plenty of water in order to avoid heat exhaustion. Don’t forget to apply sunscreen frequently throughout the day. If you happen to forget your sunscreen, Bender’s Surf Shop and various merchandise locations throughout the Park have a variety of sunscreens and sundries available for purchase.
Life Jackets
Life jackets are available for use throughout Oceans of Fun. Life jackets are complimentary and are available to any guest wishing to use one. Children, first-time swimmers, and weaker swimmers are encouraged to wear a life jacket. Life jackets are available for all guests needing special consideration. Some attractions require children below a specific height to wear a life jacket before participating in the attraction. Aquatics staff and lifeguards reserve the right to impose the use of life jackets as needed. For specific attraction requirements, please see our Guest Assistance Guide, available at Guest Services. Guests are permitted to wear their own life jacket; however it must be Coast Guard certified.
First Aid
The First Aid Station is located on the left side of the Surf City Wave Pool near Beach Bites. If you need any assistance during your visit, do not hesitate to stop by the First Aid Station, or notify the nearest lifeguard. Our team would be glad to assist.
Lost Children
Upon arriving, we recommend selecting a meeting place such as Guest Services, in the event you or your child becomes lost or separated from your party. In the unlikely event that your child becomes separated, please alert an associate. Public address pages cannot be broadcast inside Oceans of Fun.
Lost & Found
If you happen to lose an item or leave an item behind while visiting, please drop by Guest Services during regular operating hours. No longer at the park? Go to our Lost & Found page to report your lost item
Accessibility
Oceans of Fun is committed to providing all of our guests with an enjoyable visit. Guests with disabilities are encouraged to visit our Guests with Disabilites page for detailed information on the requirements of each attraction, along with the programs that Worlds of Fun and Oceans of Fun offer.
A water wheelchair is available for guests requiring additional assistance when at Surf City Wave Pool or Coconut Cove. Pool lifts are available at Caribbean Cooler, Castaway Cove, Coconut Cove, and the Village Pool. During your visit, please speak to a member of our Aquatics management team to obtain access to the water wheelchair or the pool lifts and for further accessibility information.
Lockers
For your convenience, lockers are located next to Bender’s Surf Shop. Various locker sizes are available for all of your personal belongings. Locker rentals are automated and can be paid using debit/credit cards. The lockers work with electronic pin codes and will allow unlimited access throughout the day. Locker access is available until both Oceans of Fun and Worlds of Fun are closed for the evening. Worlds of Fun cannot be held responsible for lost or stolen items.
Cabana Rental
Relax and enjoy the privacy of your own pool side cabana. A limited number of exclusive cabanas are available each day. For more information and to reserve your cabana, please visit our Cabana page.
Inner Tubes
Inner tubes are available free of charge at each attraction that requires a tube in order to ride. Inner tubes must remain at the attraction after riding. These attractions include Aruba Tuba, Constrictor, and Shark’s Revenge.
Complimentary inner tubes are located in Caribbean Cooler for guest use and must remain in the water after using.