http://www.go-today.com/website_terms_of_use.aspx
Website Terms of Use
This Website provides users with access to information and materials about the Company and its partners.
Website Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
This Website, located at www.go-today.com ("Website"), is owned and operated by Go-today (the "Company", "we", "our" or "us").
This Website provides users with access to information and materials about the Company and its partners. These materials may include information related to certain products and services ("Products and Services") and contests, promotions or sweepstakes offered by the Company. The Website also contains text, pictures, graphics, logos, button items, images, works of authorship, and other content (collectively with all information and material about the Company and Products and Services, "Content").
This Website is intended for use only by users who are at least 18 years of age.
PLEASE NOTE: Your access to and use of this Website are subject to these terms of use ("Terms of Use"), which incorporates our Privacy Policy.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully.
If you do not accept and agree to be bound by any of these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to access or otherwise use this Website or any information, Content or Products and Services contained on this Website.
Your access to and use of this Website constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to abide by each of the terms and conditions set forth below.
These Terms of Use may be changed, modified, supplemented or updated from time to time without advance notice by posting here and you will be bound by any such changed, modified, supplemented or updated Terms of Use if you continue to use this Website after such changes are posted.
Unless otherwise indicated, any new Content, Products and Services added to this Website will also be subject to these Terms of Use effective upon the date of any such addition.
You are encouraged to review the Website and these Terms of Use periodically for updates and changes.
If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact us as described on the Contact Page.
Account Registration
In order to use the Services or purchase Products you may be required to register and create an account ("Account").
During the registration process, you will be required to provide certain information to us and you will establish a username and a password (your "Account Credentials"). You agree to provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and to update such information to keep it accurate, current and complete.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your Account if any information provided during the registration process or thereafter proves to be inaccurate, incomplete, or not current.
You are responsible for safeguarding your Account Credentials.
You agree not to disclose your Account Credentials to any third party and to take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions.
You will immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Account.
By registering for an Account, you agree that we may send you occasional emails relevant to your Account or to your use of the Products and Services.
Limited License and Site Access; All Rights Reserved
The Company hereby grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this Website, but not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of the Company (e.g., downloading of PDF forms, applications or contest rules).
This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this Website or the Content; any derivative use of this Website or the Content; or any use of data mining, screen scraping, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This Website or any portion of this Website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the express written consent of the Company. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of the Company without the Company's express written consent.
You may not use any meta-tags or any other hidden text utilizing any of the Company's name(s) or service marks without the express written consent of their owners.
We (or the respective third party owners of Content) retain all right, title, and interest in this Website and any Content, features, Products and Services offered on this Website, including any and all intellectual property rights.
We (or the respective third party owners of Content) reserve all rights not expressly granted.
Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by the Company.
Availability of Products and Services
Due to offers that are limited in time or availability, certain Products and Services described on this Website may not be available to all users. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR LEASE BY THE COMPANY.
This Website may provide certain summary descriptions or other helpful information regarding Products and Services.
We attempt to be as accurate as possible; however, any such materials are intended to generally describe the Products and Services and are subject in all respects to the specific terms and conditions of the actual product/service agreement to which they refer.
Copyright
Except as otherwise expressly stated, all Content appearing on this Website is the copyrighted work of the Company or its third party content suppliers and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all Content is also the exclusive property of the Company and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
You may download information from this Website and print out a hard copy for your personal use provided that you keep intact and do not remove or alter any copyright or other notice (e.g., trademark, patent, etc.) contained in the information.
Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, you may not alter, modify, copy, distribute (for compensation or otherwise), transmit, display, perform, reproduce, reuse, post, publish, license, frame, download, store for subsequent use, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or Content obtained from this Website, in whole or in part, including any text, images, audio, and video in any manner, without the prior written authorization of the Company or any applicable third party suppliers.
The use of Content, including images, by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by us.
Any unauthorized use of text or images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable regulations and statutes. The Company does not warrant or represent that your use of Content, Products and Services or any other materials displayed on this Website will not infringe rights of third parties.
If you believe that any Content on this Website violates or infringes upon your intellectual property rights pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), please notify us immediately at the Contact Page with all specifics necessary for us to consider and respond to your complaint. You may be asked to provide additional information and follow additional procedures for us to act on your complaint.
Trademarks and Service Marks
Certain trademarks are the service marks and trademarks of the Company or one of its affiliates.
The domain name for this Website, all page headers, custom graphics, and button icons are service marks, trademarks, logos, and/or trade dress of the Company.
All other trademarks, service marks, trade dress, product names, company names or logos, whether registered or not, on the Website are the property of their respective owners.
In addition to complying with all applicable laws, you agree that you will not use any such trademarks, service marks, trade dress, or other logos from this Website without the prior written authorization of the Company.
Ownership of information submitted via this Website
With the exception of any personal data or information you submit (which shall be maintained in accordance with our Privacy Policy), any information you transmit to us via this Website, whether by direct entry, submission, e-mail or otherwise, including data, questions, comments, or suggestions, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become the property of the Company. Such information may be used for any purpose, including, without limitation, reproduction, solicitations, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. The Company shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Company via this Website or by any other means for any purpose whatsoever, including, without limitation, developing and marketing products using such information.
Connection Requirements
You are responsible for providing and maintaining, at your own risk, option and expense, any hardware, software and communication lines required to access and use this Website, and we reserve the right to change the access configuration of this Website at any time without prior notice.
Prohibited Use
Any use or attempted use of this Website (i) for any unlawful, unauthorized, fraudulent or malicious purpose, or (ii) that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any server, or the network(s) connected to any server, or (iii) interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Website, or (iv) to gain unauthorized access to any other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any server or systems through hacking, password mining or any other means, or (v) to access systems, data or information not intended by the Company to be made accessible to a user, or (vi) attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available by the Company, or (vii) any use other than the business purpose for which it was intended, is prohibited.
In addition, in connection with your use of the Website, you agree you will not:
a) Upload or transmit any message, information, data, text, software or images, or other content ("Material") that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, or otherwise objectionable, or that may invade another's right of privacy or publicity;
b) Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others or impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, any Company representative, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
c) Upload or transmit any material that you do not have a right to reproduce, display or transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as nondisclosure agreements);
d) Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel-bots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another;
e) Delete any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels that you upload to any communication feature;
f) Use the Website's communication features in a manner that adversely affects the availability of its resources to other users (e.g., excessive shouting, use of all caps, or flooding continuous posting of repetitive text);
g) Upload or transmit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation, commercial or otherwise;
h) Violate any applicable local, state, national or international law;
i) Upload or transmit any material that infringes any patent, trademark, service mark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party;
j) Delete or revise any material posted by any other person or entity;
k) Manipulate or otherwise display the Website by using framing, mirroring or similar navigational technology or directly link to any portion of the Website, other than the main homepage in accordance with the Limited License and Site Access outlined above;
l) Probe, scan, test the vulnerability of or breach the authentication measures of, this Website or any related networks or systems;
(m) Register, subscribe, attempt to register, attempt to subscribe, unsubscribe, or attempt to unsubscribe, any party for any Products and Services or any contests, promotions or sweepstakes if you are not expressly authorized by such party to do so;
(n) Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses; or
(o) Use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated or manual means to access this Website, or copy any content or information on this Website.
The Company reserves the right to take whatever lawful actions it may deem appropriate in response to actual or suspected violations of the foregoing, including, without limitation, the suspension or termination of the user's access and/or account.
The Company may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Except as may be expressly limited by the Privacy Policy, the Company reserves the right at all times to disclose any information it deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in the Company's sole discretion.
Right to Monitor
The Company reserves the right to monitor the use of this Website at any time as it deems appropriate and to remove any materials that, in its sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject it to liability, may violate these Terms of Use, or are, in the sole discretion of the Company, inconsistent with the purpose for this Website.
No Company Editorial Control of Third Party Content; No Statement as to Accuracy
To the extent that any of the Content included in the Website is provided by third party content providers or other Website users, the Company has no editorial control or responsibility over such Content.
Any opinions, statements, products, services or other information expressed or made available by third party suppliers or users on this Website are those of such third party suppliers or users, respectively.
The Company does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, statement or other information provided by any third party, or represent or warrant that your use of the Content displayed on this Website or referenced content or service providers will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with the Company.
Links to Third Party Websites
This Website may contain hyperlinks to other sites owned and operated by parties other than the Company. Such hyperlinks are provided only for ready reference and ease of use.
We do not control such websites and cannot be held responsible for their content or accuracy and do not endorse these sites unless we specifically so state.
In the event this Website provides hyperlinks to other websites that are not owned, operated or maintained by the Company, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for and are not liable for the content, products, services or other materials on or available from such websites.
We accept no liability for any information, products, advertisements, content, services or software accessible through these third party websites or for any action you may take as a result of linking to any such website.
Any such websites are likely to set forth specific terms of use and privacy policies that you should review. The Company is under no obligation to maintain any link on this Website and may remove a link at any time in its sole discretion for any reason whatsoever. We shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damages or losses caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on such content, products, services or other materials available on or through any such website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other websites.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes the details of our information practices and procedures for personal information we collect at this Website.
We strongly urge you to read our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
Travel Destinations
Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. We encourage passengers to review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by the United States Government prior to booking travel to international destinations. Information on conditions in various countries and the level of risk associated with travel to particular international destinations can be found at www.state.gov, www.tsa.gov, www.dot.gov, www.faa.gov, www.cdc.gov and www.treas.gov/ofac.
BY OFFERING FOR SALE TRAVEL TO PARTICULAR INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, THE COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO SUCH POINTS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.
Disclaimer
Content and other information contained on this Website has been prepared by the Company as a convenience to its users and is not intended to constitute advice or recommendations upon which a user may rely.
The Company has used reasonable efforts in collecting, preparing and providing quality information and material, but makes no warranty or guarantee about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the Content or other information contained in or linked to this Website or any other Website maintained by the Company.
Users relying on Content or other information from this Website do so at their own risk.
The information and descriptions contained herein are not intended to be complete descriptions of the terms, exclusions and conditions applicable to the Products and Services, contests, sweepstakes or promotions, but are provided solely for general informational purposes; please refer to the actual contest rules or the relevant product or services agreement for complete terms and conditions. Should you enter a contest, sweepstakes or promotions or purchase a product or service from the Company or a third party, the terms and conditions applicable to that transaction will govern such entry or purchase, as applicable, and your use of this Website does not affect that purchase in any manner.
YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
ALL CONTENT, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND SATISFACTORY QUALITY. THE COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE CONTENT IS ACCURATE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED, VIRUS-FREE OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT ANY SUCH PROBLEMS WILL BE CORRECTED.
Limitation of Liability
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PRODUCTS, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITIES OF THOSE DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT, THE COST OF OBTAINING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY LOSS OF DATA, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED FROM PURCHASES OR TRANSACTIONS, CONTESTS, PROMOTIONS OR SWEEPSTAKES ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, OR ANY OTHER MATTER RELATED TO THE WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR CONTENT. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS PREDICATED UPON YOUR WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT TO SUE THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES DIRECTLY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION SUIT FOR ANY LOSSES OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE.
Some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, therefore, some of the limitations above may not apply to you.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.
IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, its contractors, and all of their respective directors, officers, employees, representatives, proprietors, partners, shareholders, servants, principals, agents, predecessors, successors, assigns, accountants, and attorneys from and against any and all suits, actions, claims, proceedings, damages, settlements, judgments, injuries, liabilities, obligations, losses, risks, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and litigation expenses) relating to or arising from this Website, your use of this Website, your fraud, violation of law, or wilful misconduct, and any breach by you of these Terms of Use.
Notices
Any notices to you from the Company regarding the Website or these Terms of Use will be posted on this Website or made by e-mail or regular mail.
Electronic Communications
When you visit this Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this Website.
You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and received on the date we transmit any such electronic communication as described in these Terms of Use.
General Provisions
Entire Agreement - These Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, and other policies the Company may post on this Website constitute the entire agreement between the Company and you in connection with your use of this Website, the Content and Products and Services, and supersedes any prior agreements between the Company and you regarding use of this Website, including prior versions of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Venue; Severability of Provisions - The Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, USA and controlling United States Federal Law without regard to any conflicts of law provisions.
All parts of these Terms of Use apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.
We both agree that if we cannot enforce a part of this contract as written, then that part will be replaced with terms that most closely match the intent of the part we cannot enforce to the extent permitted by law.
The invalidity of part of these Terms of Use will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The section headings are for convenience and do not have any force or effect.
Password Accounts, Passwords, and Security - If you have been given the option to open an account on this Website that will provide you with access to password protected portions of the Website and you elect to do so, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form, and choose a password and user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to (a) immediately notify the Company of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware, and (b) exit completely from your account at the end of each online session. The Company will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.
However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your account or password.
You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.
No Agency Relationship - Neither these Terms of Use, nor any Content, materials, features, or Products and Services of this Website create any partnership, joint venture, employment, or other agency relationship between us.
You may not enter into any contract on our behalf or bind us in any way.
Remedies - You agree that any violation, or threatened violation, by you of these Terms of Use constitutes an unlawful and unfair business practice that will cause us irreparable and unquantifiable harm. You also agree that monetary damages would be inadequate for such harm and consent to our obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that we deem necessary or appropriate. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies we may have at law or in equity.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms of Use, please contact us at the Contact Page or at the mailing address provided below.
We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them.
Go-today
19909 120th Ave NE, Suite 202
Bothell, WA 98011
Website Terms of Use: February 2016
Quick Links
Toggle navigation
Quick Links
About Go Today
FAQs
Airport Taxes & Fees
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Website Terms of Use
Testimonials
Passport & Visa Information
Tips for Traveling Abroad
Packing Tips
Contact Details
Mailing Address
Go-today19909 120th Ave NESuite 202Bothell, WA 98011
Phone  (800) 227-3235
Email Us
Our Reservations Desk will get back to you within 24 - 48 business hours.
Hours
Monday - Friday
7:00am - 4:00pm Pacific Time
Closed Saturday and Sunday
19909 120th AVE NE
Suite 202
Bothell, WA 98011
800-227-3235
res@go-today.com
Contact Us
Plan your Vacation
Travel Deals
Destinations
Specialty Vacations
Create Your Dream Trip
Sightseeing
Group Vacations
Let's Get Social#gotodaytravel
Let's Get Social#gotodaytravel
Plan your Vacation
Travel Deals
Destinations
Specialty Vacations
Create Your Dream Trip
Sightseeing
Group Vacations
go-today
19909 120th AVE NE
Suite 202
Bothell, WA 98011
800-227-3235
res@go-today.com
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 go-today
Privacy   Terms   Cookies   Website Use   Sitemap
* All airline related taxes and fuel surcharges are included. Prices are per person, based on double occupancy, and are subject to change prior to purchase. Some foreign authorities require fees at arrival or departure that must be collected directly from the passengers at the airport. Airline-imposed baggage fees may apply and be due at the airport; please consult your airline prior to departure for the latest fees.