https://www.mvs.org.uk/privacy-policy-cookies/
Skip to content
Privacy & Cookies
Home > Privacy & Cookies
We are committed to maintaining and respecting your privacy and will not disclose any identifiable information collected on this website, and it will not be shared with any third party unless when there is a legal obligation to do so. Any information that you have provided to us will be treated with the utmost care and security.
Visitors to our website
When someone visits www.mvs.org.uk we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to monitor the number of visitors to the various sections of the website. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
If we want to collect personal and identifiable information through our website, we will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Newsletter
From time to time we may use your details to provide you with information about The Maritime Volunteer Service that may be of interest to you. If you consent to receiving this information, please select YES on the relevant opt-in tick box when submitting information to us.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to our e-newsletters at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing data@mvs.org.uk.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide when visiting those websites, and if you have questions about how a website uses your information, you'll need to check that website's privacy policy.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to data@mvs.org.uk.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated on 4 May 2018.
Cookies Policy
We use different types of cookies, all of which are described in this cookie policy.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
There are two types of cookies:
Session cookies - these are temporary cookie files, which are erased when you close your browser. When you restart your browser and go back to the site that created the cookie, the website will not recognise you.
Persistent cookies – these files stay in one of your browser's subfolders until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them based on the duration period contained within the persistent cookie's file.
For more information about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org and www.allaboutcookies.org.
What cookies do we use
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, some services, such as online payments and subscription cannot be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located.
These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our site.
For example, if you choose to ‘share’ content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Scroll To Top