http://www.pinewoodlodge.com/camping/offers/loyalty-program-terms-and-conditions/
HOMEABOUT Our Story BlogCAMPING Rates Reservations Park Map Rentals Seasonal Camping Pet Policy Offers
Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions AMENITIES Park Amenities Functions Parts and RV Service Announcements & HoursACTIVITIES Our Calendar Theme WeekendsPHOTOSDIRECTIONSCONTACT
Loyalty Program Terms and Conditions
The Pinewood Lodge Loyalty Program is Ooperated by Pinewood Lodge INC. By participating in our program you must agree to the terms and conditions.
What is the Loyalty Program?
Pinewood Lodge's Loyalty Program is called the 10/10/10 Loyalty Program.Pinewood Lodge campers participating in the Loyalty Program pay $10 to join.Once a Loyalty Program member you can earn 10% off any stay (blackout dates do apply).Campers can also earn one (1) loyalty point for each night they stay with us.
Ten (10) loyalty points can be redeemed for a free night stay on future reservations.
How do I join the Loyalty Program?
To join our Rewards Program, you must first purchase a Loyalty Card from Pinewood Lodge Campground.To purchase a Loyalty Card, come to the office during business hours, call or email us at 508-746-3548, camp@pinewoodlodge.com.Loyalty Cards are issued to the person whose name appears on the application form and are not transferable to any other person(s).
How do I earn Loyalty Points?
By presenting your Loyalty Card at the time check in, you will receive a 10% discount and earn one (1) point for each night you stay with us. Loyalty Card Members must present their loyalty card at the time of the commencement of every sale. Management or staff members will not be able to search for your details and points can’t be awarded after the sale is cashed through the register.
How do I redeem Loyalty Points?
After collecting ten (10) Loyalty Points, you can redeem your Loyalty Card for a free night on your next stay.You must present your Loyalty Card in order to redeem your points.Loyalty Points may not be redeemed or exchanged for cash (including partial payment for any purchases at Pinewood Lodge).
What if I lose my Loyalty Card?
If your Loyalty Card is lost or stolen, you must come to the office to get a replacement.Loyalty Points from lost cards are forfeit.
What else do I need to know?
We reserve the right to terminate your membership in our Loyalty Program if you do not use your Loyalty Card to earn or redeem points in the applicable camping season, or if we believe that you have engaged in fraudulent or unlawful activity or failed to comply with these Terms and Conditions.We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which you can find on our website at http://pinewoodlodge.com/privacy/We may discontinue our Loyalty Program at any time at our sole discretion without liability to you. If we do so, we will publish a notice on our website and/or email you to let you know.We may change the Loyalty Program (including the number of points allocated to each night and how points are earned and redeemed) and these Terms and Conditions at any time, or add new terms or conditions. If we do so, we'll publish an updated version on this webpage.
Your continued participation in our Loyalty Program will constitute your acceptance of such changes.Loyalty Cards are only valid for one camping season. All loyalty benefits must be used during the time period your loyalty card is valid for (No rollovers). Loyalty Program does not apply to extended stays (stays of 30 days or more).We'd love to hear from you. If you have any questions about our Loyalty Program or these Terms and Conditions, please contact us.