https://www.ancient.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Ancient World Tours
The experts in world heritage travel
Skip to content
Home
All tours
Tour Information
Independent Traveller
Private Group Travel
Where does AWT go?
Desert and Oasis Travel
Example Itineraries
Booking
News
Contact
About
About Us
Our Team
Conferences
Testimonials
We use cookies on our website for a variety of reasons. We want our website to be as informative, personal, and user friendly as possible and cookies help us to achieve that goal.
Please note that no attempts are made to identify individual users, store personal information and cookies cannot harm your computer.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Please see information about how to do this below, however, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a simple, tiny text file that is stored on a web browser when you visit a website that is incapable of performing any tasks or functions. When you revisit a web page, your browser checks to see if any cookies that are stored on your computer are valid ones for the page you are visiting. If they are, the information contained within them is sent back to that webserver. Without cookies, you could visit two web pages and the website would not connect that you have seen both pages. It would look at the visits individually. Cookies will allow you to book a tour online or order a brochure. Jules Verne uses cookies mainly because they make the browsing experience more efficient, enjoyable and provide relevant content.
Are cookies dangerous?
No. Cookies are small pieces of text. It is not a program, cannot be used as a virus or access your hard drive, and no other website can use it. Your browser will only share information in the cookie from the website that provided it. Modern browsers allow users to set their own limitations to the number of cookies saved on their hard drives. To learn more about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies cannot harm your computer and we will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
Why do we use cookies?
Cookies let us identify the device you are using and how you use our website – but not you personally. They are essential for many features of our website to work, help us identify and resolve errors, monitor web traffic and identify which pages are being used to help us analyse data and improve our site. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and they in no way give us any information about you.
How to modify your browser settings to decline cookies
HOW TO CHANGE COOKIE SETTINGS ON A PC
Internet Explorer
Choose Tools and then Internet Options
Click the Privacy tab
Move the slider to choose your preferred settings
Google Chrome
Click on the Tools menu and select Settings
Click “Show advanced settings” and locate the “Privacy” section, and choose the “Content settings” button
In the “Cookies” section you can choose your preferred settings
Mozilla Firefox
Click on Tools, then Options
Select Privacy
Select Cookies and choose your preferred settings
Safari
Go to the Safari pull down menu
Select Preferences and then the “Security” tab
Under “Accept Cookies”, set it to accept, reject, or selectively accept cookies
HOW TO CHANGE COOKIE SETTINGS ON A MAC
Internet Explorer
Choose Preferences from Explorer menu
Select Receiving Files options
Select Cookies and choose your preferred settings
Google Chrome
Click on the Tools menu and select Settings
Click “Show advanced settings” and locate the “Privacy” section, and choose the “Content settings” button
In the “Cookies” section you can choose your preferred settings
Mozilla Firefox
Choose Preferences from the Edit menu
Select Privacy & Security
Select Cookies and choose your preferred settings
Safari
Go to the Safari pull down menu
Select Preferences and then the “Security” tab
Choose your preferred cookie settings
All Tours
News & Events
Contact Us
Talk to someone?
0333 335 9494
Ancient World Tours
The Distillery, Dunton, Norfolk, NR21 7PG, UK
0333 335 9494
+44 333 335 9494
Subscribe to AWT Newsletter
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
AWT is an agent of Jules Verne.
These Air Holiday Packages are ATOL Protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. JV's ATOL No. 11234
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.