https://www.globalretreatcentre.org/terms/
Home
About
The Retreat Centre
History of Nuneham House
History of Nuneham Grounds
Raja Yoga Meditation
Inner Space Oxford
Refurbishment
Events
Online Events from our London Centre
webcast
Upcoming
Calendar
Wellbeing at Work
Local Events
Retreats
Retreats suspended during refurbishment
Resources
Discover more
Recorded Talks etc
Gallery
Online Bookshop
Videos
The Eight Powers
Music for Meditation
Thought for Today
Soul Stories
Donate
Contact Us
Join Our Mailing List
Re-opening Update Mailing List
Directions and Maps
Accommodation
Inner Space
Select Page
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
Terms of website use
These terms of use (together with the documents referred to in it) tell you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website http://www.brahmakumaris.uk/ (“our site”). Use of our site includes accessing or browsing our site.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use our site, as these will apply to your use of our site. We recommend that you print a copy of this for future reference.
By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, you must not use our site.
Other applicable terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Our Acceptable Use Policy, which sets out the permitted uses and prohibited uses of our site. When using our site, you must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our site.
Information about us
http://www.brahmakumaris.uk/ is a site operated by Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University (UK) a charitable trust registered with the Charity Commission with number 269971 and address Global Co-Operation House, 65-69 Pound Lane, London NW10 2HH (“We“). We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office with Registration number Z6079264.
Changes to these terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you.
Changes to our site
We may update our site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions.
Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit the availability of our site or any service or product described on our site to any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access our site from outside the United Kingdom, you do so at your own risk.
Intellectual property rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
No reliance on information
The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Limitation of our liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, our site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Content Feeds
Brahma Kumaris may provide RSS feeds on all its websites consisting of podcasts, video or articles, which are delivered to users using RSS or other syndication technology (collectively, the “Content Feeds”).
You may display, excerpt from, and link to the Content Feeds on your personal site, blog, or similar application for personal, non-commercial purposes or on your Corporation web site, blog, or similar application for non-commercial purposes, provided that
the links redirect the user to our site when the user clicks on them,
you do not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable page on our site,
the use or display of content does not suggest that Brahma Kumaris promotes or endorses any third-party causes, ideas, sites, products or services,
the fundamental meaning of the content contained in the Content Feeds, including the headlines and summaries, is not changed or distorted, and
you do not modify the stories or other content that are linked to by the Content Feeds.
If you display an entire Content Feed on your site, blog or similar application, you may not redistribute the Content Feed without referencing it back to the Brahma Kumaris unless you have obtained prior written permission for Brahma Kumaris to do so.
Links to Third-Party Sites, Applications and Services
Our site may contain links to sites, applications and services maintained by third parties over which Brahma Kumaris has no control. Brahma Kumaris does not endorse the content, products or services of such sites, applications and services, or any of their operators, and Brahma Kumaris is not responsible or liable for the content, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites, applications, platforms and services.
In some cases, our site may include certain embedded tools provided and controlled by third parties and governed by the terms and policies of the third parties. You should only use these third-party tools if you agree to their respective terms and policies.
Our site includes tools that allow you to sign in using information from your account with a third party service, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google. Please be aware that third-party services are unrelated to Brahma Kumaris, and that your use of any third-party services is subject to the terms and policies of those services.
Linking to our home page
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You may not link to any page on our site other than our home page.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact info@uk.brahmakumaris.org.
Uploading content to our site
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our site you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. If you are a consumer user, this means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of the Site a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties. The rights you license to us are described in the next paragraph (Rights you licence).
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any content posted by you or any other user of our site.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our site if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
The views expressed by other users on our site do not represent our views or values.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
Rights you licence
When you upload or post content to our site, you grant both to us and other users of the site:
a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable licence to use, reproduce, distribute, and display that content in connection with the site and / or the promotion of the site.
Third party links and resources in our site
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Applicable law
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Contact us
To contact us, please email info@uk.brahmakumaris.org.
Thank you for visiting our site.
We will process your personal data in line with the GDPR requirements and always store it securely and use it only for the purpose for which it has been collected. We will not pass on your details to any third parties without your consent.
Please refer to the full details of our GDPR Privacy Notice which you can find at www. brahmakumaris.uk
Subscribe
© 2019 Brahma Kumaris
TweetSharePin
Donations Your contributions are gratefully accepted.
Donate
Thursday Evening Talks
Download recent talks here
Copyright ©
2020 | Global Retreat Centre | Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookie Policy | Website by HealthHosts
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks