https://www.rcall.org/terms/
Home  /  Terms Of Service
Terms Of Service
Spread the lovePlease read these Terms of Use and Service (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.rcall.org website (the “Service”) operated by RCall.org (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of RCall.org and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by RCall.org.
RCall.org has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that RCall.org shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service. If there is any dispute arising out of or concerning our website and/or the Service, by using the website and/or Service, you expressly agree that any such dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its conflict of law provisions, and you expressly agree and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts of the State of Florida sitting and or located in Tampa for the resolution of any such dispute. Acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement constitutes your consent to be sued in such courts and to accept service of process outside the State of Florida with the same force and effect as if such service had been made within the State of Florida. You hereby agree to accept service of process for any action hereunder by certified mail return receipt requested which service shall have the same force and effect as though service had been effected by personal service in the applicable jurisdiction. If any part of these terms is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Indemnity
You agree to forever indemnify and hold the owners of RCall.org, their subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employers, directors, shareholders, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to:
a. your use of the Service and/or website in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement including without limitation your representations and warranties set forth above;
b. any third party claim of infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights or invasion of privacy arising from the hosting of Your Content on the website, and/or your making available thereof to other users of the website, and/or the actual use of Your Content by other users of the website or related services in accordance with these Terms of Service and the parameters set by you with respect to the distribution and sharing of Your Content;
c. any activity related to your account and data, either by you or by any other person accessing your account with or without your consent unless such activity was caused by the act of RCall.org.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Follow us
facebook
twitter
instagram
Recent ReviewsMidwest iCrate Folding Metal Dog Crate ReviewMidwest Solution Series Ginormos Double Door Dog Crate ReviewNew World Folding Metal Dog Crate ReviewPetsfit Dog House Outdoor ReviewSuncast DH350 Dog House Review
Recent ArticlesDog House Size: How to Take Accurate MeasurementsHow Big Should a Dog House Be?How to Choose A Dog HouseHow to Insulate a Dog House
Some recommended products may use affiliate links. Rcall.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates.
Copyright © 2019 Rcall | All Rights Reserved.