http://www.sugarglidercentral.com/forum/privacypolicy.php
Forum
Knowledge Base
Gallery
Listings
Chat
Chat room is currently empty. Hang out for a bit and see who pops in.
Board index
Change font size
Knowledge Base
FAQ
Login
It is currently Fri Dec 11, 2020 12:03 am
Privacy Policy for Sugar Glider Central
The bottom line
Everybody hates spam. Sugar Glider Central will not spam you or sell your email address to anyone else. If you are subscribed to any topic in the forum, you can just as easily unsubscribe. If you are having problems with someone on the site messaging you unwantedly, use the contact link to inform an admin.
The full version
Your privacy is important to Sugar Glider Central. So, this is a bit more detail to help understand how Sugar Glider Central will collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. We will not rent, sell, lease, or give away any of your personal information.The following outlines our privacy policy. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you accept the practices described here.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Comcast Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Sugar Glider Central may use cookies and tracking technology which are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Third parties such as our advertisers may also use cookies to collect information in the course of serving ads to you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Google, in particular, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Information collected by third-parties.
We may allow third-party companies that use tracking technologies, such as cookies or pixels, to record IP information about users who visit or interact with our website. Our website does not provide any personal information to these third parties. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google').
Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Distribution of Information
We do not share your personally identifiable information to any third party for marketing purposes. However, we may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized staff of this site (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
RSS and Email Subscriptions
This website records information about how people access our RSS feeds, but does not collect any personally identifying information from or about our RSS subscribers. This website's feed services collect the e-mail addresses of individuals that subscribe to our RSS feed via e-mail. Individual information about subscribers to this website's feed is held in strict confidence; we will not release or disclose any specific subscriber information under any circumstances, unless required by law. Aggregated information stripped of any personally identifiable information may be disclosed.
Comments
Comments submitted to this website are the responsibility of the commenter. We reserve the right to remove or edit comments at our discretion. Site URLs (if provided) are published along with comments. E-mail addresses are required with the submission of comments but are not disclosed, unless the commenter deliberately does so him/herself by entering the e-mail address in the main comment box in addition to the box clearly labeled for the e-mail address. Sugar Glider Central reserves the right to delete any comments that it deems not beneficial to the readership. This includes but is not limited to comments containing profanity, self promotion, harrassment, threats, or spam of any sort.
External Links
The web site contains links to other websites not owned by the owner of this website. We will not, and cannot, control how your personal information is used on these other websites. Consult the privacy policies of the linked websites to see how they use your information
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy or terms and conditions you may contact us through the contact link.
Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
See Also
Terms of Service
Disclaimer
Affiliate Disclaimer
Copyright© 2003 - 2020 Sugar Glider Central
Jump to:
Select a forum
------------------
Sugar Glider Forum
Sugar Glider - General
Health
Joey Care
Enclosures
Bonding
Diet, Feeding and Nutrition
Buy - Sell - Trade
Off Topic
Events
Operations
F.A.Q. & Forum Policies
Board index
The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC - 6 hours
Copyright© 2001 - 2020 SugarGliderCentral.com
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Contact Administrator