https://www.bats.org.uk/legal/terms-conditions
Search
Search
The National Bat Helpline can answer your questions and concerns about bats and give you advice. 0345 1300 228
9:30am to 4.30pm Monday to Friday
You can also email enquiries@bats.org.uk
There is also an Out of Hours Helpline which is run by volunteers during the summer and is for emergency calls only.
Weekdays 6pm to 10pm
Weekends and bank holidays 10am to 10pm
More information
Join Us
Volunteer
Donate
Helpline
The Trust
Resources
Login
Join Us
Volunteer
Donate
Home
About Bats
Types of bats
A year in the life of a bat
Where do bats live?
Threats to bats
Bats and disease
Why bats matter
Flight, food and echolocation
Bat Detectors
Fun facts about bats
Our Work
National Bat Helpline
National Bat Monitoring Programme
Biodiversity policy & advocacy
Buildings, planning and development
Project collaborations & Partnerships
Education & Engagement
Landscapes for Bats
Science & research
Bearing Witness for Wildlife
Training
Conferences & Symposia
Awards
In Wales
In Scotland
Advice
COVID-19 Impact on BCT
Help! I've found a bat
Living with bats
Found a dead bat?
Bats and the law
Concerned a development may harm bats
Gardening for bats
Licensing
Bat found during building works
Help and advice for churches with bats
Email us your query
Sale of Taxidermy Bats
Support Bats
Become a member/Your membership
Adopt a bat
Donate
Bat groups
Tell us your story
Volunteer
Fundraise for bats
Halloween for Bats
Gifts
Legacies and Memory Giving
Corporate opportunities
International Bat Night
Gardening for bats
Events & Training
News
Helpline
The Trust
Resources
Login
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection Declaration
Bat Conservation Trust is committed to protecting your privacy and security, to see our privacy policy see https://www.bats.org.uk/legal/privacy-policy
Disclaimer
The BCT website contains hyperlinks to many other websites. This information is supplied in good faith, in case it is of interest or use to BCT website users. BCT is not responsible for the content or functionality of any of these external websites (although please let us know if a link is not working by emailing comms@bats.org.uk).Any access to another site from this site is independent of BCT. BCT has no control over the content of other sites and have not endorsed or approved the content of such sites.You should be aware that if an external website requests personal information from you (for example, in connection with an order for goods or services), this information is supplied to, stored and used by the company concerned, and that BCT will not be liable to you or any other person for loss or damage directly or indirectly for any use of this or any site linked to it.
Legal message
The information on this website has been provided as general information only. BCT cannot accept responsibility for loss occasioned after reliance placed on any of the contents of this website. BCT makes no warranty as to the accuracy of site information or contents.
Your use of the BCT website is governed by the conditions below and passing beyond the homepage is deemed as acceptance of these conditions.
Website visitors aged under 16
If you are aged under 16, please ensure that you obtain your parent or guardian's consent before sending any personal information to this website, including any information required for downloading our publications. Please note that BCT will not accept online donations or membership subscriptions from persons aged under 16 years.
Copyright and reproductions
All page content made available on this website is Copyright © 2009 Bat Conservation Trust unless otherwise stated.
All photographs are Copyright © 2009 Bat Conservation Trust or their individual owner unless otherwise stated.
The site may contain other propriety notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
You may download to a local hard disk and print extracts from this site for personal use and information. You can duplicate the information for the personal use of others only. Information is not to be copied to use in any other website, database or publication or any other form of work.
Please contact BCT if you wish to use a photograph or any information given, for incorporation into any form of publication medium, or for any use other than private viewing.
National Bat Helpline0345 1300 228
More information
Home
About Bats
Our Work
Advice
Support Bats
Events & Training
News
The Trust
Resources
Contact
Log in
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Charity web design by Ten4
© 2020 Bat Conservation Trust
The Bat Conservation Trust (known as BCT) is a registered charity in England and Wales (1012361) and in Scotland (SC040116).
Company Limited by Guarantee, Registered in England No: 2712823. Registered office: Quadrant House, 250 Kennington Lane, London SE11 5RD. Vat Reg No: 877158773.
This website places cookies on your computer to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details, see our cookie policy.