http://www.pawa-maine.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Portland Amateur Wireless Association
Toggle navigation
Portland Amateur Wireless Association
Maine's Oldest Amateur Radio Club
Home
About Us
Bylaws
Meetings
Member Roster
Officers & Committees
Repeater
Activities
Become A Ham
For New Hams
License Testing
Field Day 2020
Ham of the Year
Hamfest
Events Calendar
Special Events
Club Newsletter
2019 Newsletters
2018 Newsletters
2017 Newsletters
Join the PAWA
Support the PAWA
Classifieds
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.pawa-maine.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
To contact the Portland Amateur Wireless Association:
Jason Cote – Club President
Jason.Cote@jcwebdesign.com
Additional information
What data breach procedures we have in place
Portland Amateur Wireless Association maintains the latest versions of software running on the web server and relies on site-wide security through our web hosting provider.
What third parties we receive data from
Portland Amateur Wireless Association does not receive personal data from third parties.
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
©2018 - Portland Amateur Wireless Association
Made with
by Graphene Themes.