http://www.horizonyachtcharters.com/privacy-policy/
Horizon Yacht Charters Privacy Policy
Horizon Yacht Charters understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Site and will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and Our obligations under the law. This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of our site.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 12, below;
“Our Site”
means www.horizonyachtcharters.com
“We/Us/Our”
means Horizon Yacht Charters, company whose main trading address is Nanny Cay Marina
Tortola, British Virgin Islands
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Us.
Scope – What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from Our Site (whether We provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What Data Do We Collect?
Some data will be collected automatically by Our Site (for further details, please see section 12 on Our use of Cookies, other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it, for example, when signing up for an Account. Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following data:
name;
date of birth;
gender;
business/company name
job title;
profession;
contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
IP address (automatically collected);
web browser type and version (automatically collected);
operating system (automatically collected);
a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected);
How Do We Use Your Data?
We use your data to provide the best possible products and services to you. This includes:
Providing and managing your Account;
Providing and managing your access to Our Site;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
Supplying Our products and services to you;
Personalising and tailoring Our products and services for you;
Responding to communications from you;
Market research;
Analysing your use of Our Site and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Site and your user experience;
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email or telephone or post with information, news and offers on Our products and services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam.
Advertisers whose content appears on Our Site may engage in what is known as “behavioural advertising” – advertising which is tailored to your preferences, based on your activity. Your activity is monitored using Cookies, as detailed below in section 12. You can control and limit your data used in this way by adjusting your web browser’s privacy settings. Please note that We do not control the activities of such advertisers, nor the information they collect and use. Limiting the use of your data in this way will not remove the advertising, but it will make it less relevant to your interests and activities on Our Site.
How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
We only keep your data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 5, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
Some or all of your data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. If We do store or transfer data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the General Data Protection Regulations. Such steps may include, but not be limited to, the use of legally binding contractual terms between Us and any third parties We engage and the use of the EU-approved Model Contractual Arrangements.
Data security is of great importance to Us, and to protect your data We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Site.
Notwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the internet or electronically.
Do We Share Your Data?
We may share your data with other companies in Our group. This includes Our subsidiaries, Our holding company and its subsidiaries and companies related by common shareholding.
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
We may compile statistics about the use of Our Site including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying information. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal information, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of Us.
What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will not, however, be given the choice to have your data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
How Can You Control Your Data?
When you submit information via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details.
Your Right to Withhold Information
You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the legal right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please Contact Us for more details at gdpr@horizonyachtcharters.com, or using the contact details below in section 13.
Cookies
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services.  By using Our Site you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. We use third-party Cookies on Our Site for marketing and statistical analysis.  In addition, Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at gdpr@horizonyachtcharters.com, by telephone on +1 (284) 494-8787, or by post at Nanny Cay Marina, Tortola, British Virgin Islands VG1110. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
If you have any unanswered questions regarding our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us today. Our staff will be happy to help out with any and all concerns you may have, ensuring your experience with our site is as positive as possible.
Make a booking