http://www.zdwines.com/policies
PoliciesLearn more about our company policies.Effective 9-1-2013RETURNS
All sales are final.
SHIPPING
All wine deliveries require a signature of an adult 21 or older at delivery; business address preferred.
ZD only ships to compliant US states.
Golden State Overnight (GSO) services California, Nevada, and select areas of Arizona.
All other areas are serviced by UPS or FedEx.
UPS Summer Solution is offered seasonally for next-day delivery.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
ZD Wines®, LLC is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you a powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the ZD Wines® Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the ZD Wines® website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
ZD Wines® collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. ZD Wines® also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by ZD Wines®. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by ZD Wines® for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ZD Wines® Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through ZD Wines® public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: ZD Wines® does not read any of your private online communications.
ZD Wines® encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from ZD Wines® so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. ZD Wines® is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the ZD Wines® and ZD Wines® family of Web sites.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
ZD Wines® collects and uses your personal information to operate the ZD Wines® Web site and deliver the services you have requested. ZD Wines® also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from ZD Wines® and its affiliates. ZD Wines® may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
ZD Wines® does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. ZD Wines® may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, ZD Wines® may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to ZD Wines® and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
ZD Wines® does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as birth date or drivers license numbers, without your explicit consent or as mandated by law.
ZD Wines® keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within ZD Wines® in order to determine what ZD Wines® services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within ZD Wines® to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
ZD Wines® Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ZD Wines® or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of ZD Wines®; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ZD Wines® or the public.
USE OF COOKIES
The ZD Wines® Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize ZD Wines® pages, or register with ZD Wines site or services, a cookie helps ZD Wines® to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same ZD Wines® Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the ZD Wines® features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ZD Wines® services or Web sites you visit.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
ZD Wines® secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. ZD Wines® secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
ZD Wines® will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. ZD Wines® encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how ZD Wines® is protecting your information.
Your California Rights. California customers have a right to obtain a list of all personal information that ZD Wines® may have disclosed to related companies for marketing purposes or to unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes. ZD Wines® may share personal information between its affiliates and agents for its own marketing purposes, but ZD Wines® does not disclose customers' personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, as governed by California Civil Code § 1798.83. A California customer may contact ZD Wines® and request the general list of information shared and the companies among which it is shared. This request may be made by contacting us at 707-963-52188 or privacy@zdwines.com, or by sending correspondence to ZD Wines®, 8383 Silverado Trail, Napa, CA 94558, Attn: Brett deLeuze, President.
CONTACT INFORMATION
ZD Wines® welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that ZD Wines® has not adhered to this Statement, please contact ZD Wines®, at privacy@zdwines.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.