https://www.bluepyrenees.com.au/terms-conditions/
Press enter to begin your search
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By joining the Single Vineyard Wine Club you agree to purchase a minimum of four subscription deliveries in the lifetime of your membership (these deliveries do not need to be consecutive shipping months). You also acknowledge that your nominated credit card will be charged the amount corresponding with your selected pack on the first day of each delivery month (February, May, August and November) unless you suspend or cancel your subscription. You acknowledge and accept that Blue Pyrenees Estate may contact you via phone or email for the duration of your membership.
FURTHER DETAILS
Membership is for Australian residents only who are over 18 years old. Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998 it is an offence;
To supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $7,000)
For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor. (Penalty exceeds $500)
Licence No. 32400345
Copyright in all materials appearing on this website is, except where noted to the contrary, the property of Blue Pyrenees Estate Pty Ltd, ABN 50 004 185 675 (referred to herein as ‘Blue Pyrenees’) and must not be reproduced, in whole or in part, except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 or other applicable laws, or for any purpose expressly permitted by Blue Pyrenees.
Blue Pyrenees does not represent that any information (including any file) obtained from or through this website is free from computer viruses or other faults or defects. It is your responsibility to scan any such information for computer viruses. Blue Pyrenees is not liable to you for any loss or damage in relation to any such virus, fault or defect. You agree that the entire risk arising out of installation, downloading, use or performance of Blue Pyrenees remains with you.
You also waive any and all claims that you may have against Blue Pyrenees otherwise arising out of or in relation to your use of this website.
By supplying Blue Pyrenees with information, you accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the Internet and will agree not to hold Blue Pyrenees responsible for any breach of security unless Blue Pyrenees have been negligent or in willful default of our duties to you.
Once you have registered as a Wine Club Member, you will receive or nominate a password. You are responsible to maintain the confidentiality of your password. You are also responsible for, and indemnify Blue Pyrenees in relation to, any and all activities that occur using your password including in relation to your personal information. You must immediately notify Blue Pyrenees of any unauthorised use of your login or password or any other breach of security of which you become aware.
Minimum commitment on joining Blue Pyrenees Single Vineyard Wine Club is four subscriptions.
PRIVACY
Blue Pyrenees is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals’ personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 as detailed in the Privacy Policy
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Nothing in this Contract is to be interpreted as having the effect of excluding, restricting or modifying any condition or warranty, or right or liability implied by any applicable legislation into the arrangement between Blue Pyrenees and you, if such exclusion, restriction or modification would be void or prohibited by the legislation. To the extent that Blue Pyrenees breaches any condition or warranty implied into the arrangement between Blue Pyrenees and you and which cannot be excluded or modified, Blue Pyrenees’s liability is limited to, at Blue Pyrenees’s discretion, either: (i) replacement of the goods or supply of equivalent goods; (ii) payment of the cost of replacing the goods or acquiring equivalent goods; and in the case of services, to: (i) supply of the services again; or (ii) payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
Subject to the foregoing, Blue Pyrenees is not liable to you (or to any third party claiming through you) for, and you release Blue Pyrenees from, any loss, liability, damage, expense or cost whatsoever and includes (without limitation) indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of profits or business opportunity, and damage to equipment or property (“Loss”) caused by any act or omission of Blue Pyrenees, its employees or agent, and whether based on negligence or other tort, contract or otherwise.
AMENDMENTS
Blue Pyrenees may add to, delete, or otherwise change any of the terms of this Contract. Blue Pyrenees will notify you of any substantial changes to these terms & conditions. Your use of the Blue Pyrenees service after notice will constitute your deemed acceptance of such changes.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Blue Pyrenees reserves the right to disclose information regarding users of the Blue Pyrenees service to third parties, provided that the information will not specifically identify you or any personal information supplied by you.
NOTICES
Blue Pyrenees may give notice to you by electronic mail or by regular mail to your address contained in the registration or other information provided by you.
PROMOTIONS & CLEARANCES
All specials, promotions, clearances, offers and discounted items advertised on the Blue Pyrenees website are available only while stocks last unless otherwise advertised.
MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is unenforceable or void either in whole or in part for any reason then that provision (or part) is deemed to be deleted without in any way affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this document. The laws of Victoria govern this Contract.
Important Information Membership is for Australian residents only who are over 18 years old. Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998 it is an offence to supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $7,000) For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor. (Penalty exceeds $500). Licence No. 32606470
Payment Methods
Sign up to our mailing list
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Phone Number
Suburb
State
Trip Advisor
Quick LinksHome
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Distributors
Frequently Asked Questions
© 2020 Blue Pyrenees. Website by Small Dog Design
Home
Wine Club
Visit
Cellar Door & Cafe Blue
Events
Accommodation
Functions, Conferences and Weddings
Tours and Tutored Tasting
Pyrenees Region
Shop
Current Vintage
Museum Wines
Wine
Purchase
News
Archived News
The Range
Wine + Food
The Estate
Winemaking
Meet the Team
Tasting Notes
Wholesale
Distributors
Back Vintage Tasting Notes
Contact
My Account
Login
Sign In