http://www.londonscuba.com/home/about-us/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
BACKGROUND:
This website www.londonscuba.com (“Our Site”) uses Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if you continue using Our Site OR when you press the "Got It" button on Our Cookie  pop-up. If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Cookie” - means a small file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;
“Cookie Law” - means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”);
“personal data” - means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)];
“We/Us/Our” - means London Scuba  whose registered address is Raby's Barn, Newchapel Road, Lingfield, Surrey, RH7 6LE 
Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated byLondon Scuba, whose registered address is Raby's Barn, Newchapel Road, Lingfield, Surrey, RH7 6LE
Our Data Protection Officer is Ian Pattison, and can be contacted by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., or by post at Raby's Barn, Newchapel Road, Lingfield, Surrey, RH7 6LE
We are a member of PADI
How Does Our Site Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of Our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
Analytics Cookies
It is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
Persistent Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
Session Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
Cookies on Our Site are not permanent and will expire one month.
For more details of the personal data that We collect and use, the measures we have in place to protect personal data, your legal rights, and our legal obligations, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
For more specific details of the Cookies that We use, please refer to the table below.
What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose & Type
Strictly Necessary
0ab59836f43b5fdfa95f1a6951986a83
Session Tracking Cookie
Yes
currency
Currency preference tracking cookie
Yes
Consent and Control
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a  pop-up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies unless those Cookies are strictly necessary; however certain features of Our Site may not function fully or as intended.
In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
The links below provide instructions on how to control Cookies in all mainstream browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835
Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/microsoft-edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)
Safari (macOS): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=en_GB&locale=en_GB
Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-Cookies-website-preferences
Android: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the changes have been made. You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.
In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Further Information
If you would like to know more about how We use Cookies, please contact Us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it., or by post at Raby's Barn, Newchapel Road, Lingfield, Surrey, RH7 6LE.
For more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and conditions, please visit the following:
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Upcoming Courses
Open Water Diver
12 Dec 2020 - 13 Dec 2020
Location: Wraysbury Dive CentrePrice: £ 199.00
Referral course 1 day midweek
15 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
Referral course 1 day midweek
16 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
Refresher
16 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 45.00
Enhanced Refresher Mid Week
16 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 99.00
Referral course 1 day midweek
17 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
Referral course 1 day midweek
18 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
Referral course 1 day weekend
19 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
Referral course 1 day weekend
20 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
Referral course 1 day midweek
22 Dec 2020
Location: London ScubaPrice: £ 125.00
London Scuba
London Scuba is one of the largest providers of scuba diving training in the UK, having trained over 25,000 divers. The school was set up in 1994 by Ian Pattison, a highly experienced and accomplished Master Instructor.
Contact Us
info@londonscuba.com
Newchapel Road, LingfieldSurrey, RH7 6LE, UK
(c) London Scuba LTD 2013 - Company Number: 04970905