http://www.madabout-kitcars.com/kitcar/privacy.php
"We've Got Kit Cars Covered"
Search Madabout
Manufacturers
Kit Cars
Kit Car Data sheets
Picture Gallery
SVA Knowledgebase
Clubs & Communities
Build cost estimator
Kit cars for sale
Knowledge Base
KitcarUSA.com
Classic-Kitcars.com
Privacy Policy
The
following statement explains our policy regarding the Personal Information we may collect.
1. Statement of Intent
From
time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (
eg name and email address etc) in order to receive or use services on our
website.
By
entering your details in the fields requested, madabout-kitcars.com will be able to
provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal
information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. Our
services are designed to give you the information that you want to receive. madabout-kitcars.com
will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current
internet best practice.
2. Information on Visitors
During
the course of any visit to madabout-kitcars.com, the pages which you see, along
with something called a Cookie, may be downloaded to your computer (see
paragraph 3 below for more on this). Most, if not all, web sites do this, and
that's because cookies allow the web site publisher to do useful things like find
out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the site before.
This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left
there on the last visit.
3. What is a Cookie?
When
you enter a site your computer will automatically be issued with a Cookie.
Cookies are text files which identify your computer to our server. Cookies in
themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many
sites do this whenever a user visits their site, in order to track traffic
flows.
Cookies
themselves only record which areas of the site have been visited by the
computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set their
computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not
to receive cookies at any time, although this of course means that certain
personalised services cannot then be provided to that user.
4. Submitting Personal Information
When
you supply any personal information to madabout-kitcars.com  we have legal obligations towards you in the
way we deal with that data. We have to collect the information fairly, and to
let you know how we will use it and whether we will pass the information on to
anyone else. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long
as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the
purpose has been met.
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held
securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
5. Access to your Personal Information
You
have the right to request a copy of the personal information madabout-kitcars.com
holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
6. Advertising, Direct Marketing and User Surveys
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Please note that any information you
provide to madabout-kitcars.com will only be used within madabout-kitcars.com, and will
never be supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent. The
only time we may do so is if we are obliged by law to disclose information.
7. Users under 18
If you are under 18, please make sure that you obtain your parent/guardian's
permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to madabout-kitcars.com's
website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal
information.
copyright
© madabout-kitcars.com
2000-2020
terms and conditions
| privacy
policy