http://www.bassfishingtackletips.com/privacy.html
Privacy
Policy for www.bassfishingtackletips.com
The privacy
of our visitors to www.bassfishingtackletips.com is important to us.
At www.bassfishingtackletips.com,
we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here
is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect
when you use visit www.bassfishingtackletips.com, and how we safeguard
your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most
other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The
information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address,
your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser
you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the
time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies
and Web Beacons
We do use
cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you
visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your
visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use
third party advertisements on www.bassfishingtackletips.com to support
our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies
and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send
these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program)
information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used
to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real
estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads
based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone
who frequents cooking sites). Google's use of the DART cookie enables
it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and other sites
on the Internet.
You can chose
to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies
in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such
as Norton Internet Security. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie
by visiting the Google
ad and content network privacy policy. However, this can affect how
you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This
could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as
logging into forums or accounts.
Disclaimer
:
“Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of
Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.” Also, all the information
provided on this website has been published in good faith and for general
information purpose only. We do not make any warranties about the reliability
and accuracy of the information. Kindly do not consider it as any professional
advice or training. Any action taken based upon the information on our
website is strictly at your own risk.
Copyright
-
© 2006 - 2020
- All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Policy - Disclosure
- Contact