http://www.3drops.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Policy
if you have any queries please fill out this form or contact us via phone or email.
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy – Three drops Pty Ltd
General
This website is owned and operated by Three drops Pty Ltd.
Three drops understands its legal obligations in relation to the operation of this website and will endeavor to act in good faith and fulfill these responsibilities at all times.
By entering and/or using this website, or by entering into a transaction to order any product(s) from this website, you are deemed to have read, understood and agreed to the Terms of Use of the website, described below, which includes the Privacy Policy. You must not use our website or place orders for any products if you do not agree with any of the Terms of Use.
When ordering wine from the website, you may not order wine, nor have wine delivered to anyone, if you or that person is under 18 years of age, at the time of ordering. You must confirm your agreement with this at the time of ordering.
When you place an order for wine on the website, and you choose the online method of payment, this payment will be processed via a secure online payment gateway. If you fax or post or email your order, your order will be processed using other direct and secure methods.
Your order, as transacted, will be fulfilled by Three drops and under normal circumstances will be delivered to your nominated delivery address within 6 to 8 business days. If delivery delays occur as a result of factors out of the control of Three drops , Three drops is not responsible for such delays.
Privacy Policy
Three drops is dedicated to keeping the details you provide us private. Any and all information we collect in relation to you is kept strictly secured. We do not pass on/sell/swap any of your personal details with anyone, whatsoever.
We may need to share your personal information with our contracted supplier (or suppliers) of technology services, but this is exclusively for the purposes of them managing our membership database systems and other website related functions. This data is managed strictly in accordance with our Contract with the relevant supplier. We use this information to identify your orders and provide you with specific requested marketing material (ie newsletters or email updates).
Three drops sometimes may use cookies to allow you to log in, use the shopping cart function and to purchase items via your shopping cart. Cookies sent to your computer from the Three drops website only last while you're logged in to, or are browsing the website. These cookies expire when you logout of our website. Cookies also allow us to give you a more personalized shopping experience by displaying information and/or products that may be of interest to you throughout our website, thus providing you with a more friendly, interesting and enjoyable shopping experience.
Whenever you use any web site, the computer on which the web pages are stored needs to know the unique network address of your computer so that it can send the requested web pages to your Internet browser. This is an automatic process occuring each time you access any Internet site. From a computer's IP address, it is possible to determine the general geographic location of that computer, but is otherwise anonymous.
We do not keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site except where you have specifically provided us with information about yourself, in which case we also record your IP address for security purposes. An example of this would be when proceeding to a checkout to finalize an order you may wish to make. After completing the form provided, your IP address will be stored along with a transaction number that allows us to track your order. Our servers also record your IP address for security purposes, so that in the event that we are legally required to disclose that information to relevant authorities, we can do so. This is the only situation where your IP address would be shared with anyone.
Three drops may use historical server data to analyse and improve our website performance, however no personally identifiable information is included in such data.
Security Policy
When providing or updating personal information, or when purchasing from Three drops, your financial details are protected through a secure server using 128-bit encryption technology -the standard for secure web transactions. If you have any questions regarding our privacy or security policies, please contact our customer support centre.
Returns Policy & Freight Rates
Freight rates vary from time-to-time, and are also a function of your delivery postcode. Normal delivery lead times are 6 - 10 working days. Please note, we can only ship to addresses within Australia using the shopping module.
Delivery instructions are a guide only and Three drops cannot guarantee that on all deliveries these instructions will be followed. If the customer is not in attendance when a delivery is attempted and no further instructions have been issued by the client, the item or items will be returned to the local depot where they can be collected upon signature. A notice will be left in your letter box to advise of the collection point. Items will be held for 7 days. After this time uncollected items will be returned to Three drops. Please note if wine is to be resent to a customer under these circumstances, a further full delivery charges will apply.
Due to Liquor Licence laws, wines cannot not be delivered to, ordered on behalf of, or accepted by person/s under the age of 18 years old.
If for any reason we are unable to fulfill your order (i.e. out of stock) we will notify you within 2 business days to arrange alternative product(s), an alternative delivery time or a full refund.
Customer Service Policy
Three drops is committed to providing exceptional customer service and quality products to our customers. We endeavour to make sure that all products listed on our website are currently in stock and pricing is correct.
Three drops guarantee the quality of all products that are sold and delivered to clients through our online or offline facilities. If the client has valid reasons for return of stock, Three drops will refund the customer/s the total value of the purchase (including delivery charge), providing no more than two (2) bottles have been consumed and the balance of the wine is returned to us. Three drops reserve the right to exchange the products for other item/s of the same value at Three drops sole discretion. Should the customer have any queries they can contact us