http://www.boatmiami.com/privacy-policy/
Boat Miami is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. We have posted this privacy policy to help you understand what information we are gathering and how we will use it. We believe your personal privacy on the Internet is a fundamental right and we are committed to clear, open and accessible privacy policies.We hope that you feel our privacy policy explains clearly how we gather and use any data we may collect from you. We have used our best efforts to compose a policy that is fair, respectful and protects your privacy online. Your feedback is important to us. Please email any questions, comments or suggestions to .Boat Miami will not willfully disclose individually identifiable information about its users to any third party.If at any stage in the future we feel disclosing such information may be of benefit to our users, we will not disclose such information without first receiving each individual user’s permission.We do not use cookies.Boat Miami may also track your domain name or IP address to assist our efforts to gather and track the information described above. For some computers, the IP address is a globally unique identifier of your computer. Multiple users of the same computer will share the same IP address. However, in most cases your ISP (or network server, if a business user) will allocate you an IP address only for the duration of your online session (about 80% of all surfers are using “temporary” IP addresses). This means that, even when your IP address is noted, it is unlikely you will have the same IP address next time you use the internet. IP addresses are never shared with third parties.ReCaptchaThis site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Charter with us today!Every magical tropical vacation starts with the right people, the right destination and the right yacht. With over 30 years experience matching our clients with these three things we have had success in creating the perfect dream trip. We help explain all your options and talk with you until you are 100% satisfied, no matter how long it takes. Creating your dream trip is our business.
Yacht Search
Send us a Message
Your Name
Your Email
Telephone Number
Your Message
Please leave this field empty.Recent Posts
How to Plan a Bachelorette Party in Miami On a Budget
April 17, 2020
Cultural Wedding Traditions Part 2
April 16, 2020
The Celebration of Quinceañera on a Party Yacht
April 10, 2020
Boat Wedding Dresses
February 22, 2020
Miami and the Florida Keys are Completely Different by Boat
February 22, 2020		ReviewsRYAN MCMANUSHad a great experience for my sales organization most def will be return customer
Read Morekaitlyn youngWe used American Yacht company for a corporate outing and it was phenomenal. We boarded the Biscayne Lady and were greeted with champagne and the best waitstaff. The dinner was delicious and of course, the drinks well-made. The views spectacular (especially from the upper deck) and the boat itself a wonderful, luxurious experience. Our customers on board said this was by far one of the best business related outings they had been on and we got rave reviews. I cannot recommend enough! And the behind-the-scenes prep work was a breeze with Bianca's help making sure we were all set with the little details leading up to the event. A great experience and would wholeheartedly recommend to anyone looking for a top-notch private charter.
Read MoreA RomeroThis review is way overdue, but it's important nonetheless. We worked with Hazel at American Yacht to book the Midnight Sun as a welcome cruise to our Wedding Weekend for 100 people and it went beautifully. The ship, the staff, the food, the bartenders and the sound system were all wonderful. It was a risk for us to put our trust in this company as we are not from Miami and had never chartered a boat of this size, but American Yacht handled everything beautifully.Thank you.
Read MoreJoanne WalshThank you so much to Gail who was so supportive in meeting every request for our wedding day.
The wedding on the Venetian Lady exceeded all of our expectations and was everything we dreamed about. We were treated like royalty. The team on board were outstanding. What an amazing memory we have. I wish we could do it all again.
Thank you.
Jo and Gary
Read MoreVictor ManzanosThank you Hazel.
We took Julia Dorothy yacht for a day around Miami and we really had a great time. Crew was perfect, Chef Nino was amazing and all the work Hazel Johnson and American Yacht did for us wqs fabulous!
Read More
Close Menu
YachtSearch
Party Boat
Contact
Chat
1
Yacht Search
Party Boats
Chat
1
Message
Call