http://www.ion.org/about/terms-privacy.cfm
Sign In
Toggle navigation
Home
About ION
About ION
News and Announcements
Governance
Awards and ION Fellows
ION Partner Program
Contact ION
Meetings
International Technical Meeting
PTTI
Cognizant Autonomous Systems
Pacific PNT
IEEE/ION PLANS
Joint Navigation Conference
ION GNSS+
Membership
Membership Information
Join or Renew
Government Fellows
Regional Sections
Volunteer with ION
Corporate Member Directory
Technical Content
Search/Browse Publications
Journal
Newsletter
Proceedings
SDR Metadata Standard
Other Publications
Download Subscriptions
Purchase Publications
Online Tutorials
Webinars
Resources
Job Board
Student Programs
Africa Outreach Program
Autonomous Snowplow Competition
ION Virtual Museum
Navigation Lesson Plans
IEEE REACH: STEM Lesson Module
IAIN
Go
About the Institute of Navigation
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
Last Updated: May 1, 2018
ION is committed to maintaining the privacy of all visitors to our website, ion.org (the "Site").
Information Collection
Information you voluntarily provide to us: When you sign up for and use the Site, consult with our customer service team, send us an email, submit an abstract, register for a conference, become an ION member, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect. That information may include your name, physical address, email address, IP address, phone number, payment information, as well as details including gender, occupation, location, purchase history, and other demographic information. ION does not store credit card numbers. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United States and stored by us.
Information we collect automatically: When you use the Site, we may collect information about your visit, your usage of the Site, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our Site. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Cookies and tracking: We may use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our Site, and this may include using cookies and similar tracking technologies on our Site, such as pixels and web beacons, to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, serve targeted advertisements, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. We use web beacons on our Websites and in our emails. When we send emails to our list, we may track behavior such as who opened the emails and who clicked the links. This allows us to measure the performance of our email campaigns and to improve our features for specific segments of ION's audience. To do this, we include single pixel gifs, also called web beacons, in emails we send. Web beacons allow us to collect information about when you open the email, your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details. Reports are also available to us when we send email to you, so we may collect and review that information.
Your personal data is stored and processed on servers owned and/or operated by ION within the United States of America.
Information Use and Processing
We will retain Personal Information we process for as long as needed to provide our services or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements. Generally, routine information we collect is stored for a period of 5 years from the date of your last interaction/transaction with ION. Your data is collected and stored to enable ION:
(a) To provide you with the services you have requested or purchased, to communicate with you regarding your transactions in ION programs and services in which you participate, and to bill and collect money owed to us by our users. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments.
(b) To further the mission of ION by sending you timely, relevant and informational content in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email, and may stop receiving postal mailings by updating your preferences on the My Account page, or by contacting the ION by email at membership@ion.org. However, ION may send transactional emails for the purposes of facilitating business transactions initiated by the user, such as a receipt for conference registration, confirmation of an abstract submitted for presentation at a conference, membership renewal confirmation, awards nominations, or the purchase of a publication. In addition, ION may contact individuals from time to time on a one-to-one basis concerning ION account status or questions.
(c) To send you System Alert messages. For example, we may inform you of temporary or permanent changes to our Services, such as planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
(d) To communicate with our users about their account and provide customer support.
(e) To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations.
(f) To protect the rights and safety of our users and third parties, as well as our own.
(g) To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
(h) To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
(i) To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding.
(j) To respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
(k) To transfer your information in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
With your consent, your name, affiliation, and physical address may be rented for one-time advertisement messages via postal mail by industry related organizations. Users may opt in/opt out of such third party mailings by updating account preferences on the My Account page, or by contacting the ION National Office by email at membership@ion.org.
In accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, individuals may request access to information on how their data is processed. These requests will be completed within one month from the receipt of the request, and depending on the scope of the request, ION may charge a fee for providing such access. Additionally, at any time you may withdraw consent, request to have data rectified, or request to have data deleted. All such requests should be sent via email to membership@ion.org.
Security
ION undertakes reasonable efforts to ensure that all personally identifiable information collected on our site remains secure. ION staff is trained to treat member and customer information with respect and confidentially.
Encryption: ION servers use industry-standard encryption techniques, including the use of Transport Layer Security (HTTPS) communications protocols. By default, each page on the Site is transmitted in an encrypted format. The use of appropriate browser software and encryption options are your responsibility and ION assumes no risk or liability in ensuring your compliance to local law.
Notice of breach of security: If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, we will notify you as soon as possible.
Third Party Links: The Site may contain certain hyperlinks to other websites. We make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection on the hyperlinked pages that are not owned by ION. We recommend that you read the privacy policy for each site you visit.
Updates
Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy/Security Policy applies to all member and customer information that ION maintains. The terms of this policy are subject to change at any time without prior notice, however, changes to this policy will be reflected on this page.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy/Security Policy.
TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: July 17, 2013
These Terms of Use ("Terms") apply to The Institution of Navigation, Inc., owner of the ION site at ion.org (the "Site"), and to content and materials on the Site (collectively, "Content"). By using the Site or accessing its Content, you accept and agree to these Terms, which govern your use of this Site. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Site, because they affect your legal rights and obligations.
If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, please do not use the Site. By using this Site, you will be deemed to have irrevocably agreed to these Terms.
Some portions of the Site may be subject to additional terms and conditions which will be available for your review prior to accessing these portions of the Site. Such additional terms and conditions will not change or replace these Terms regarding use of the Site, unless otherwise expressly stated.
We reserve the right to modify, alter, update, or remove portions of these Terms at any time without notice, so please check these Terms from time to time. Your continued use of the Site signifies your acceptance of any changes. If you do not agree with our Terms, your sole remedy is to discontinue your use of the Site.
The failure of ION to enforce these Terms at any time for any reason, shall not be construed as a waiver of any right to do so at any time.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFORMATION
All Contents © The Institute of Navigation, Inc.
The contents of all material available on ion.org are copyrighted by The Institute of Navigation, unless otherwise indicated. Copyright is not claimed as to any part of an original work prepared by a U.S. or state government officer or employee as part of that person's official duties. All rights are reserved and content may not be reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, or transferred, in any form or by any means, except with the prior written agreement of The Institute of Navigation, or as indicated below. Members of The Institute of Navigation may download pages or other content for their own personal use on a single computer, but no part of such content may be otherwise or subsequently reproduced, downloaded, disseminated, or transferred, in any form or by any means, except with the prior written agreement of, and with express attribution to, The Institute of Navigation.
ION® is a federally registered trademark of The Institute of Navigation, Inc. THE INSTITUTE OF NAVIGATION is a registered service mark of The Institute of Navigation, Inc. In addition, the Site may contain trademarks, logos, and links to the web sites of third parties. Any domain names, URLs, trademarks or logos appearing on the Site are the sole property of their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER
While ION makes every effort to present accurate and reliable information, the ION does not endorse, approve or certify such information, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy or timeliness of such information. Use of such information is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review by qualified experts. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process or service does not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the ION. The ION assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from use of the information contained herein or in any respect for the content of such information. The ION is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, reliance on, or performance of such information.
ION does not make any representations or warranties that (a) the Site or Content will meet your requirements or expectations; (b) the operation of the Site or Content will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, accurate, or error-free or that any errors will be corrected; (c) any particular results will be obtained from the use of the Site; or (d) the Site or the server that make the Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. If applicable law does not allow the exclusion of some or all of the above implied warranties to apply to you, the above exclusions will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless The Institution of Navigation, Inc. and its officers, employees, directors, agents and sponsors from and against any and all claims, damages, costs, or other expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that arise directly or indirect out of or from: (a) your breach of these Terms of Use or of any representation or warranty made by you in these Terms; (b) any submissions you make to the Site; and/or (c) your activities in connection with the Site or Content.
About ION
News
Governance
Awards
ION Partner Program
Contact Us
Advancing positioning, navigation and timing (PNT)
Useful Links
About ION
Meetings
Membership
Publications
Outreach
Contact Us
The Institute of Navigation
8551 Rixlew Lane, Suite 360
Manassas, VA 20109
Phone: 1-703-366-2723
Fax: 1-703-366-2724
Email: membership@ion.org
© 1995-2020, The Institute of Navigation, Inc. Privacy Policy and Terms of Service