http://www.nautinort.com/en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
SaleFirst Hand
Second Hand
All Boats
Charter
ServicesMaintenance Services
Hibernation services
About us
Contact
FinancingSYS-Finance
Privacy Policy
This document was last modified on the 11 of July of 2019.
Through this website personal details are collected which are necessary to manage and operate some of our services. Notwithstanding the purposes that in each case are indicated, such information will be stored and managed with appropriate confidentiality, applying computer security measures established in the applicable legislation to prevent access or misuse of your data, its manipulation, deterioration or loss. At any time you can exercise your rights of access, rectification or cancellation in relation to such data by directing a request to the address of the owner of the files. You can find forms for the exercise of your rights on the website of the Agencia de Protección de Datos.
Your data will be incorporated into a file registered in the Registro General de Protección de Datos, responsibility of Nautinort Charter S.L., established in Ctra. de Pollença a Port de Pollença, Km.60.
Your data will be used to get in touch with you, should you require us to do so, or to attend an information request or an order of one of our services. This process may involve the transfer of data to third parties directly related to the service. This data transfer will occur only when absolutely necessary.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service: your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Cookies
Read our cookie policy, where we explain how they are used in our website.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online privacy policy only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and conditions
Please visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website's privacy policy.
Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the publishing date of this document.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us through the mechanisms available in our contact page.
+34 971 868 115INFO@NAUTINORT.COM
CTRA. DE POLLENÇA AL PUERTO, KM. 6007470 PUERTO POLLENÇA
LegalPrivacyCookieTerms
Legal NoticePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms and Conditions