http://www.jokesforfree.com/privacypolicy.php
Jokes
Main |
Random Joke |
Search |
Submit a Joke |
Links |
Contact Us
Free Jokes/Pictures Menu
Picture
Categories:
All Pictures
Funny Photos
Cartoons
Jokes
Categories:
All Jokes
Animal Jokes
Anti-Men Jokes
Anti-Women Jokes
Blonde Jokes
Bumper Stickers
Celebrity Jokes
Children Jokes (About Them)
Computer Jokes
Gross Jokes
Insults / Putdowns
Irish Jokes
Lawyer / Accountant Jokes
Married Couple Jokes
Medical Jokes
Misc Jokes
Mother-In-Law Jokes
News Stories
Office Signs
Office Jokes
One Liners
Police Jokes
Political Jokes
Redneck Jokes
Religious Jokes
Sports Jokes
True Stories
Unanswered Questions
What In Common?
What's The Definition?
What's The Difference?
Yo Mamma
JokesForFree.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is intended to give you, the user of this website, an awareness about what information this website collects, how this information is used, and how this affects your privacy while using this site.
Logging and Statistics
When a user views a page, image or other item on this site, the user's IP address, browser type, and the site you came from is stored in a log file. None of this information can be used to personally identify an individual user. The details stored in this log file may be used to provide statistics about the usage of this site, for the purpose of improving the site and to provide statistical information to advertisers. Only aggregated information is given, and the log file itself is not available to the public.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. The use of cookies on this site is restricted to the tell-a-friend area of the site only.
It is possible for users to reject cookies. This is a feature of the user's browser. It is possible to use this site without cookies.
The information in cookies on this site is in no way able to track the user's actions or
behavior, or gain demographic information on the user. Occasionally,
a third party such as an advertiser may display an advertisement on
the site that gives a cookie. These cookies are not sent from our
site and we have no access to the information in these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site
and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that
collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement
applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. The email addresses will not be sold, hired or given out to any third parties. The email addresses are used only by
JokesForFree.com's email provider to provide 'The Jokes Place Newsletter' to recipients who have requested it.
We care deeply about the privacy of our subscribers, and we make every effort to ensure the confidentiality of our list is maintained.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional
materials from our site or its partners may opt-out of receiving
these communications by visiting our unsubscribe tool or by emailing
us at
webmaster@jokesforfree.com
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's email address. This feature may also ask for the sender's email address. This site will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. Some of the information used in this feature will be logged for security purposes. The personal message (if any) accompanying the email will not be logged or stored in any way. The email addresses will be retained for security purposes and will not be placed into a mailing list, or used for any further mailings. They will not be sold, hired or given out to any third parties.
Copyright 2007 Jokes For Free.com. Part of the Meyer Media Network | Privacy Policy