https://www.ferrari.com/en-US/privacy-section
FerrariAutoRacingStoreUniverseCorporateFerrariAuto812 Superfast812 GTSSF90 StradaleSF90 SpiderF8 TributoF8 SpiderFerrari 488 PistaFerrari 488 Pista SpiderFerrari RomaFerrari Portofino MFerrari Monza SP1Ferrari Monza SP2Takata RecallLine UpMyFerrariMyFerrari AppSign InRegisterOwners ClubConfiguratorGT RacingPast ModelsPersonalisationFerrari Tailor MadeFerrari GenuineServicesOfficine ClassichePre-OwnedDealerRacingFormula 1HomeSF1000TeamnewsRacesPartnersHospitalityMedia GalleriesHistoryMemorabilia triviaFerrari Driver AcademyHomeMissionDriversMedia GalleriesNewsFerrari EsportsHomeFerrari Esports FDA TeamFerrari Hublot Esports SeriesCompetizioni GTHomeNewsGT SeriesDriversCarsClub Competizioni GTMedia GalleriesPartnersCorse ClientiHomeNewsCalendarFerrari ChallengeXX ProgrammesF1 ClientiFerrari Challenge driversCorso PilotaCarsMedia GalleryLive StreamingPressPartnersStoreUniverseNewsThe Official Ferrari MagazineFerrari MuseumsHomeFerrari Maranello MuseumEnzo Ferrari Modena MuseumFactory TourPersonalised ExperiencesExclusive EventsTickets and infoHistoryFerrari Simulation CenterFerrari World Abu DhabiFerrari Land BarcelonaCorporateFerrari S.p.A. Privacy PolicyFerrari S.p.A. Privacy Notice – SalesFerrari S.p.A. Privacy Notice – After SalesFerrari North America Inc. Privacy PolicyFerrari S.p.A. Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how Ferrari S.p.A (“Ferrari”, “we”, “us”, “our”) collects your personal data, how Ferrari uses this personal data, with whom Ferrari share your personal data, and your choices in connection with this.01APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy applies to personal data Ferrari collects through websites owned and operated by Ferrari, the MyFerrari mobile application, and official Ferrari dealer websites (collectively, the “Websites”).02CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICERThe data controller is Ferrari S.p.A., with registered office at Via Emilia Est, N. 1163, Modena, Italy. You can contact the Ferrari’s Data Protection Officer by email at: privacy2@ferrari.com.03COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We collect personal data, which is information that identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual.
(A)   Information You Provide To Us
If you choose to engage in certain services offered on our Websites, we will collect personal data from you. We collect personal data from you when you:
Apply for employment. When you apply for employment with Ferrari, we collect your identifiers (name, email address, physical address, and telephone number), and your professional or employment information (resume, cover letter, employment history, and educational history). We use this personal data to manage and consider your application with Ferrari, as necessary to comply with the law, and to create your candidate account. Once your candidate account is created, we will also store your username and password. The legal basis for this processing is that the processing is necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request, before entering a contract. Ferrari also processes this personal data as part of its legitimate interest in the facilitation and optimization of the recruitment process.
Contact us. When you send Ferrari a question or inquiry, or ask for other support, you will need to provide us with personal identifiers (name and email address), protected classifications (gender), and any other information you choose to provide in your correspondence. We use this personal data to respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and address any issues you have with the Websites or the services offered thereon. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Download the MyFerrari mobile application. When you download the MyFerrari mobile application, you will need to activate your account. To do so, we will collect your personal identifiers (name and email address). Once your account is activated, we will store your password. We use this personal data to activate your account and confirm your registration as a Ferrari owner. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Inquire about financial services. To obtain more information on Ferrari financial services, you will need to provide us with your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and physical address). We use this personal data to manage and communicate with you about your request for more information. The legal basis for this is your consent.
Report a violation of Ferrari’s Code of Conduct. Ferrari provides an Ethics Helpline for individuals to request advice and/or report concerns that may be inconsistent with Ferrari’s Code of Conduct. If you request advice and/or report a concern, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, telephone number, and email address) and any additional information you choose to disclose in your correspondence. We use this personal data to assess, investigate, and resolve your report and to comply with the law. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Register as an owner. If you register as a Ferrari owner, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, date of birth, and physical address), protected classifications (gender), professional or employment information (your job activity), and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number, vehicle information, and license plate number). Once your owner account is created, we will also store your password. We use this personal data to process your owner registration and create your account. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Request a service at an official Ferrari dealer. To request a service, we will collect your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and physical address) and commercial information (Vehicle Identification Number and details of your vehicle). We use this personal data to book your service appointment and communicate with you about your service request. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Profiling activities. If you opt-in, we may use this personal data described in this section to analyze your behaviors, habits and propensity to consume to enhance products and services provided by the Ferrari, to satisfy your expectations as well as to send you marketing communications we feel may be of interest to you. In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling. The legal basis for this is your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters.
Subscribe to marketing communications. If you opt-in, we may also use this personal data described in this section to send you marketing communications as well as sending advertising on Ferrari products and services, or performing market researches. This data may be processed in hardcopy, by automated or electronic means including via mail or e-mail, phone (e.g. automated phone calls, SMS, MMS), fax and any other mean (e.g. web sites, mobile apps). In doing so, Ferrari will analyze your preferences and interests using automated analysis techniques that provide Ferrari with inferences concerning you, including profiling. The legal basis for this is your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of our newsletters.
Subscribe to the Ferrari Newsletter. When you subscribe to the Ferrari newsletter, we will collect your personal identifiers (email address) and your preferences on the newsletters you wish to receive. We use this personal data to send you the newsletter(s) as requested. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Subscribe to the Official Ferrari Magazine. When you subscribe to the Official Ferrari Magazine, we will collect personal identifiers (name, email address, physical address, telephone number, and date of birth) and customer records information (payment card number, expiration date, and CVV). We use this personal data to send you the Official Ferrari Magazine as requested and to process your payment. The legal basis for this is performance of our contract with you.
Ferrari may also use the personal data we collect as described in this section to improve our products and services, to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for other limited circumstances as described in HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA. This is part of our legitimate interest in the performance of our contractual obligations, protection of legal rights, and compliance with legal obligations. Ferrari may also deidentify or aggregate the personal data for benchmarking purposes.
(B)   Information Collected Automatically.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
In addition to the personal data you provide directly, we may also collect information from you automatically as you use our Websites. This information includes the following internet or other electronic network activity information and location information:
Usage information. This includes information regarding your interaction with our Websites, such as which pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each page, what you click on while on the Websites, and referring website addresses.
Device information. This includes certain information about your device that you use to access our Websites, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system, and your preferences. For the MyFerrari mobile application, we will also assign a unique identifier to your mobile device.
Location information. This includes information about your location, which may be determined through your IP address.
To collect this information, we use cookies and other tracking technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, we and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your device. These cookies include technical cookies categorized in:
Essential. We use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of the Websites, and to allow the Websites and its features to function properly.
Functional. We use functional cookies to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, to remember your login information, to remember your preferences, to diagnose server and software errors, and in cases of abuse, track and mitigate the abuse.
Analytics. Analytics cookies allow us and our analytics provides to recognize and count the number of users to the Websites, see how users interact with the Websites and different functions, and when users are using the Websites. We use this information to improve the Websites.
These cookies include also the following categories:
Performance/profiling. These cookies collect information about how you use websites. Performance cookies help us, for example, to identify especially popular areas of our website. In this way, we can adapt the content of our websites more specifically to your needs and thereby improve what we offer you. To opt-out of sharing through cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
Advertising. Advertising cookies identify and store behaviors that users take when visiting our Websites. These cookies are used in order to identify you as a prospect for our services, deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests, limit the number of times you see an advertisement, and help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of sharing through cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
To control the information collected about you using cookies and other technologies see our Cookie Policy. Particular third-party cookies on our Websites to note include:
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to collect information on your use of the Websites to improve our Websites. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Websites or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy available here. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found here.
DoubleClick. We utilize DoubleClick by Google to serve ads based on a user’s prior visit to our Websites. Each visitor to our Site receives a different cookie and the information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. The DoubleClick cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites participating in Google certified ad networks. DoubleClick enables Google and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Websites and other websites on the Internet. Please review Google’s privacy policy for additional information on how Google uses the information collected. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings. You may also install the DoubleClick opt-out add-on.
Google Ads. We use Google Ads to deliver advertisements to you and to track whether you have interacted with an advertisement we have placed elsewhere on the internet. Google Ads stores a conversion tracking cookie on your device when you click on our advertisement. The information obtained through the cookie is used to generate statistics and allows us to see the total number of users who clicked on our advertisements. We also use Google Ads to present to users of our Websites advertisements across the internet and within the Google advertising network based on their visits to our Websites. For more information, please review Google’s privacy policy available here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings.
Facebook Pixel. We use Facebook Pixel to customize our advertising and to serve you ads on your social media based on your browsing behavior. This allows your behavior to be tracked after you have been redirected to our Websites by clicking on the Facebook ad. The Facebook Pixel stores a cookie on your device to enable us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. We do not have access to the information collected through the Facebook Pixel. However, the information collected via the Facebook Pixel, on the Websites as well as other websites on which Facebook Pixel is installed, is also stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy. The Facebook Pixel also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside of Facebook. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and displaying of Facebook ads, visit your Facebook Ad Settings, and you can clear and control the information third parties share with Facebook in your Off-Facebook Activity page. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt-out of Facebook ads through the Digital Advertising Alliance here.
Bing Ads. Bing Ads is a remarketing service provided by Microsoft. We use Bing Ads to service you advertisements based on your past visits to the Websites. You can learn more about the privacy practices of Microsoft here. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing and of Bing Ads. You can follow the instructions here.
04RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA General Sharing
Ferrari may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties. These instances include:
Within Ferrari. We may share your personal data with Ferrari subsidiaries for legitimate business purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in carrying out our business efficiently. Upon your consent, we may also share your personal data within the Ferrari Group Companies for marketing purposes. You may revoke your consent at any time.
With Service Providers.  We may share your personal data with our service providers that assist us in providing the Websites. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in providing the Websites efficiently. These service providers include communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, marketing providers, and e-commerce providers.
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose your personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm, for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations. The legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of others.
In the Event of a Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we would share personal data with third parties, including the buyer or target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction. We would also share personal data with third parties if we undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such proceedings.
With Your Consent. Apart from the reasons identified above, we may request your permission to share your personal data for a specific purpose. We will notify you and request consent before you provide the Personal data or before the personal data you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may revoke your consent at any time.
Sharing in the Last Twelve (12) Months
For a Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Ferrari has disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
We have disclosed your personal identifiers, internet and other network activity information, and customer records information to service providers that perform services on our behalf. These service providers include our e-commerce provider, communication providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform, shipping providers, payment processors, call center providers, and marketing providers.
We have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and repair Websites errors that impair functionality.
We have disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location information to our IT support to maintain, improve, and upgrade the Websites.
For a Sale. Under the CCPA, certain disclosures we engage in are considered a sale. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed your internet or other electronic network activity information collected via cookies to data analytics providers and ad networks. You may opt-out of these cookies by following the instructions in our Cookie Policy.05YOUR DATA CHOICESCorrect or View Your Information. You may access your Ferrari owner’s account to correct or view certain personal data you have provided to us and which is associated with your account.
Online Advertising. To opt-out of interest based advertising generally or to learn more about the use of this information by our service providers you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. For European users, please visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance here.
Marketing Emails. You may opt-out of receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link provided with each email. Please note that we will continue to send you notifications necessary to the Websites, your account, or requested products or services.
Device Location Settings. You may prevent your mobile device from sharing your location data by adjusting the permissions on your mobile device or within the MyFerrari mobile application.
Uninstall MyFerrari. You can stop all further collection of your personal data by the MyFerrari mobile application by uninstalling the mobile application.06GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) a.       Right of Individuals Under the GDPR
If our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
Right to Access. You have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal data we process.
Right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. See YOUR DATA CHOICES for additional ways you can restrict processing of your personal data.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests. See YOUR DATA CHOICES as well as our Cookie Policy for additional ways you can object to processing of your personal data.
Right to Data Portability. You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily used, and readable format.
Right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
To exercise your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p.A., via Abetone Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or by email at privacy2@ferrari.com.
b.      Personal Data Transfer Outside of the European Economic Area
Within its contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission.07CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS To the extent the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to the processing of your personal data you would be entitled to the following rights:
Right to Access. You have the right to request what personal data Ferrari has collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve (12) months. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve (12) month period.
Right to Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that Ferrari collects or maintains, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties. Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal data of minors under the age of sixteen (16) years.
Right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA.
To exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may submit a verifiable consumer request by email at privacy2@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727. To opt-out of the sale of your personal data via cookies, please follow the instructions in our Cookie Policy.
For requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected the personal data and describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If we are not able to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information provided, we may ask you for additional pieces of information.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal data. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on behalf of that individual.08NEVADA RESIDENTSIf you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt-out of the current or future sale of certain of your personal data. We do not currently sell any of your personal data under Nevada law, nor do we plan to do so in the future. If you have any questions regarding our data privacy practices, or would like to opt-out of the future sale of your personal data, please contact us at privacy2@ferrari.com. 09RETENTION The personal data processed by Ferrari will be retained for the period deemed strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was provided. However, Ferrari may continue to store personal data for a longer period, as may be necessary to protect Ferrari’s interests related to potential liability related to our services and the Websites. Ferrari will keep personal data for the purposes of marketing and profiling for ten (10) years from the provision of your personal data for marketing and profiling purposes unless you withdraw your consent. Once your consent is withdrawn, personal data may no longer be processed for marketing or profiling purposes by may still be retained for the purpose of handling any disputes and/or litigation. Information collected via cookies will be kept for periods as indicated in our Cookie Policy.10DO NOT TRACKWe do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) requests. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform Websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.11INFORMATION SECURITY To protect your personal data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, we have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures. These security measures include encryption, access controls, and anti-virus and anti-malware protection. However, no security measure or modality of data transmission is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal data we have collected from you. 12CHILDREN’S PRIVACY The Websites and the services offered thereon are not intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) years. If we learn that we have collected or received personal data from individuals under the age of eighteen (18), we will delete the personal data. If you believe we have personal data on individuals under the age of eighteen (18), please contact us at the contact information provided below.13AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Policy for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 28, 2020.14LINK TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITESThird party websites accessible from this website are under the third party responsibility.
The Company declines all responsibility concerning requests and/or provision of personal data to third party websites.15CONTACTFor questions, please contact Ferrari at:
Data Protection Officer
Legal and Corporate Affairs
Ferrari S.p.A.
privacy2@ferrari.comFerrari S.p.A. Privacy Notice – SalesThis Privacy Notice
(“Privacy Notice”) describes Ferrari
S.p.A’s (“Ferrari”) practices in
connection with the collection and use of your personal data when you engage
with an authorized Ferrari dealership (“Authorized
Dealer”) during your purchase of a Ferrari product or service. This Privacy
Notice is drafted in compliance with the
legislation on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of
personal data under EU Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter referred to as "GDPR") as well as in
compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
This Privacy Notice will explain:
The personal
data we collect in connection with your purchase or service.
The purpose
for the processing of your personal data.
With whom we
share your personal data.
Your rights
with respect to your personal data.
How to
contact us with any questions or concerns.
01APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY NOTICEThis Privacy Notice
does not apply to Authorized Dealer’s own privacy practices. Please refer
directly to the particular Authorized Dealer’s privacy policy for more
information.
To learn more about Ferrari’s
information collection practices generally, please see the Ferrari S.p.A. Privacy
Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy Policy.
For information on Ferrari’s information collection practices in relation to
after-sales activities, please see our After-Sales Privacy Notice.02THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USEFerrari will collect
certain personal data when you purchase a Ferrari product or service at an
Authorized Dealer. Personal information is any information that identifies you
or relates to you as an identifiable individual.
Ferrari, as data
controller, may process personal data in hardcopy, by automated or electronic
means (including via mail and e-mail), phone (automated phone calls, SMS, MMS),
fax, and any other means. The provision of personal data by you is option.
However, any refusal to provide the personal data necessary for the below services
will result in Ferrari being unable to perform the requested services. The
refusal to provide personal data for marketing or profiling purposes will in no
way prevent Ferrari from providing services.
Ferrari will collect
personal data about you from the Authorized Dealer to:
Comply with
requirements related to warranties and product safety. Ferrari will collect
and use your personal identifiers (name, address, telephone number, and company
contact information, if applicable, and Vehicle Identification Number) to
comply with contractual obligations and legal requirements related to
warranties, product safety (e.g. recall campaigns). The legal basis for this
processing is compliance with legal obligations.
Comply with
other legal requirements. Ferrari may need to use the personal data
identified in this section to comply with applicable law, including eCall 112
(where applicable), tax, accounting, and fiscal requirements, and to respond to
legal processes, such as subpoenas, to pursue legal rights, defend litigation,
or comply with requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities. The
legal basis for this processing is compliance with legal obligations.
Engage in
marketing. If you opt in, Ferrari will collect and use your personal identifiers (name,
date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address), your commercial
information (products or services purchased), and inferences drawn (your
preferences) to send you information on Ferrari products and services that we
feel may be of interest of you and engage in market research. With your
consent, we will also share this personal data with Ferrari affiliates and
subsidiaries (“Ferrari Group Companies”)
so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or marketing communications
on products or services that may be of interest to you. You can opt-out of
receiving these marketing communications by clicking the unsubscribe link
provided within each email. This link will redirect you to Ferrari’s consent
management page where you can opt-out of receiving marketing communications. The
legal basis for this is your consent.
Improve our
products and services via profiling. Ferrari collects and use your
personal identifiers (name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email
address) and inferences drawn to create a profile about you reflecting your
preferences and your purchase history to analyze behavior through automated
processing methods to enhance customer experience and improve our products and
services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Perform
authorized dealer internal audits. Ferrari collects and uses your
personal identifiers (name and Vehicle Identification Number) to perform audits
on our authorized Ferrari dealerships. The legal basis for this processing is
Ferrari’s legitimate interest in performance of our contractual obligations.
Perform
customer satisfaction surveys. If you agree to participate (this is
optional), Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, email address, and
telephone number to perform customer satisfaction surveys related to the
quality of Ferrari sales services. The legal basis for this processing is
Ferrari’s legitimate interest in the improvement and quality of our services.
Provide
assistance. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, telephone number, unique
customer ID, email address, and Vehicle Identification Number) to provide you
with assistance through our Ferrari dealership and service network, or to
respond to your questions or inquiries. The legal basis for this processing is
performance of our contract with you.
Photographs
and image. With your consent, Ferrari will also collect and store your image and
photograph in order to improve customer experience and customer management.
Send technical
or organizational related communications. Ferrari collects
your personal identifiers (name and email address) to send you communications
necessary for your purchase of Ferrari products or services, such as warranty
deadlines. The legal basis for this processing is performance of our contract
with you.
If you view this
Privacy Notice on our website, we will also collect from you automatically
through cookies and similar technologies your internet and other electronic
network activity information (such as your IP address, usage information,
device information, and browsing patterns and actions). For information on how we
use your personal data when you use our website, please see the Ferrari S.p.A. Privacy
Policy and Cookie Policy.03HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Ferrari
may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available
within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties in limited
circumstances as follows:
General Sharing
Within
Ferrari. We may share personal data with Ferrari Group
Companies for legitimate business
purposes and general business management. The legal basis for this is our
legitimate interest in carrying out our business efficiently. With your consent,
we will also share your personal data so that Ferrari Group Companies can send
you commercial or marketing communications on products or services that may be
of interest to you.
With
Service Providers. We may share your personal data with our service
providers that assist us in providing sales services, such as software
providers, IT support, customer service, communication providers, and travel
agencies. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in providing
services efficiently.
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose some of your personal data to third parties,
such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory
bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect
against fraud or other illegal activities, for risk management purposes, and to
comply with our legal obligations. The
legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal
obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of
others.
During a
Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend
to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as
a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment,
consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any
portion of our business, assets or stock, we may share your personal data. This
legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in carrying out our
business operations.
Sharing in the Last Twelve (12) Months
For a
Business Purpose. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Ferrari has
disclosed the following categories of personal data for a business purpose to
the following categories of third parties:
We have
disclosed your personal identifiers to service providers that perform services
on our behalf. These service providers include our as software providers, IT support, customer service,
communication providers, and travel agencies.
At your direction, we disclose your personal identifiers to
Ferrari Group Companies to provide you with commercial or marketing
communications.
For
Sale. Ferrari does not sell the personal data associated with this Privacy Notice. 04RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE GDPRTo
the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you
have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
Right to Access. You
have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right
has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal
data we process.
Right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify
personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us
to complete information you think is incomplete.
Right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your
personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict
the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for
reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal
data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests.
Right to Data Portability. You
have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from
one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily
used, and readable format.
Right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a
supervisory authority.
To
exercise your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p.A.,
via Abetone Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or by email
at privacy@ferrari.com. 05RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE CCPA To the
extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would be
entitled to the rights listed below:
Right to Access. You have the right to request what
personal data we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the
preceding twelve (12) months. You may make a request for access twice within a
twelve (12) month period.
Right to
Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that
we collect or maintain, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out. You have the
right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data to third parties.
Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal data of
minors under the age of sixteen (16) years.
Right to
Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory
treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or
opt-out under the CCPA.
To
exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may submit a
request by email at privacy@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727.
For
requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient
information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom
we collected the personal data and describe your request with sufficient detail
to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If we are not able to
verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information
provided, we may ask you for additional pieces of information.
Only you,
or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you
authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal
data. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another
individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are
authorized to act on behalf of that individual.06DATA TRANSFER OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREAWithin our contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Processing is bound to the purposes of the processing identified here and is carried out in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission. 07DATA RETENTIONYour
personal
data
will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes
outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular:
until
Ferrari learns that the car is scrapped for the purposes of vehicle maintenance
and safety as well as the safety of Ferrari customers (e.g. recall campaigns,
etc.);
for
ten
(10)
years, from the date of the submission of the consent for processing your
image,
unless the consent is revoked. In the event of a revocation, your
image
may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may still be kept for
the purpose of handling any disputes and/or litigation;
for
ten
(10)
years, from the provision of personal data for the purposes of marketing
and profiling,
unless revoked consent. In the event of revocation, personal data
may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may still be stored
for the purpose of handling any disputes and/or litigation;
for
ten
(10)
years, in compliance with the requirements of the law on accounting and
taxation, unless local regulations establish a different term for
Authorized Dealers or Ferrari;
for
the time necessary to satisfy your requests or to manage
any claims and/or litigation; and
vehicle
and vehicle owner personal data is processed by the eCall 112 system according
to the same emergency service methods based on the 112 number and is kept in
the control unit only for the time necessary for managing the eCall emergency
call. In any case, the personal data is stored for no more
than thirteen
(13)
hours from the moment an eCall emergency is started. The personal
data
of the internal memory of the eCall system is automatically and continuously
deleted.
08FOR MORE INFORMATIONYou may ask Ferrari for further information on personal
data processing activities to:
Data controller: Ferrari S.p.A., with
registered office in via Emilia Est, n. 1163, Modena, Italy, headquartered
in via Abetone Inferiore, n. 4, Maranello, Italy.
Data Protection Officer: privacy@ferrari.com
To learn more about
our information collection practices generally, please see our Privacy
Policy. For any questions or concerns, please contact Ferrari at privacy@ferrari.com. 09AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICEThis Privacy Notice is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Notice will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Notice for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites. This Privacy Notice was last updated on July 29, 2020.Ferrari S.p.A. Privacy Notice – After SalesThis Privacy Notice
(“Privacy Notice”) describes Ferrari
S.p.A’s (“Ferrari”) practices in
connection with the collection and use of your information for Ferrari
after-sales services at an authorized Ferrari repairer (“Authorized Repairer”). This Privacy Notice is drafted in compliance
with the legislation on the protection of individuals with
regard to the processing of personal data under EU Regulation 2016/679
(hereinafter referred to as "GDPR")
as well as in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
This Privacy Notice will explain:
The
personal data we collect in connection with after-sales
services.
The
purpose for the processing of your personal data.
With
whom we share your personal data.
Your
rights with respect to your personal data.
How
to contact us with any questions or concerns.
01APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY NOTICEThis Privacy Notice
does not apply to Authorized Repairer’s own privacy practices. Please refer
directly to the particular Authorized Repairer’s privacy policy for more
information.
To learn more about Ferrari’s
information collection practices generally, please see the Ferrari S.p.A. Privacy
Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy Policy.
For information on Ferrari’s information collection practices in relation to
sales activities, please see our Sales Privacy Notice.02PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USEFerrari will collect
certain information about you from the repairer when you utilize after-sales
services at an Authorized Repairer. Personal data is any information that
identifies you or relates to you as an identifiable individual.
Ferrari, as data
controller, may process personal data in hardcopy, by automated or electronic
means (including via mail and e-mail), phone (automated phone calls, SMS, MMS),
fax, and any other means. The provision of personal data by you is option.
However, any refusal to provide the personal data necessary for the below
services will result in Ferrari being unable to perform the requested services.
The refusal to provide personal data for marketing or profiling purposes will
in no way prevent Ferrari from providing services.
Ferrari will collect
personal data about you from the Authorized Repairer to:
Provide the
requested after-sales service and assistance to you. Ferrari collects
your personal identifiers (name, email address, telephone number, and Vehicle
Identification Number) to provide the requested after-sales service, such as
maintenance and warranty repairs. The legal basis for this processing is
performance of Ferrari’s contract with you.
Respond to
your questions or inquiries. Ferrari collects your personal identifiers
(name, telephone number, and email address) to respond to your questions or
inquiries. The legal basis for this processing is performance of Ferrari’s contract
with you.
Send technical
and organizational service related communications. Ferrari collects
your personal identifiers (name and email address) to send you communications
necessary to your after-sales services, such as warranty coverage deadlines. The
legal basis for this processing is performance of Ferrari’s contract with you.
Perform authorized
repairer internal audits. Ferrari collects and uses your personal
identifiers (name and Vehicle Identification Number) and commercial information
(invoices, products or services purchased and work orders) to perform audits on
our Authorized Repairer. The legal basis for this processing is Ferrari’s
legitimate interest in performance of its contractual obligations.
Perform
customer satisfaction surveys. If you choose to participate (this is
voluntary), Ferrari collects your personal identifiers (name, email address,
and telephone number) to perform customer satisfaction surveys related to the
quality of Ferrari after-sales services. The legal basis for this processing is
Ferrari’s legitimate interest in the improvement and quality of our services.
Engage in
marketing. If you opt in, Ferrari collects and uses your personal identifiers (name, date
of birth, address, telephone number, and email address), your commercial
information (products or services purchased), and inferences drawn (your
preferences) to send you information on Ferrari products and services that we
feel may be of interest of you and engage in market research. With your
consent, we will also share this personal data with Ferrari affiliates and
subsidiaries (“Ferrari Group Companies”)
so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or marketing
communications on products or services that may be of interest to you. You can
opt-out of receiving these marketing communications by clicking the unsubscribe
link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to Ferrari’s
consent management page where you can opt-out of receiving marketing
communications. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Improve our
products services via profiling. Ferrari collects and uses your personal
identifiers (name, date of birth, address, telephone number, and email address)
and inferences drawn from you to create a profile of your preferences on
Ferrari products and services to analyze behavior through automated processing methods
to enhance customer experience and improve our products and services. The legal
basis for this processing is your consent.
Comply with
requirements related to warranties and product safety. Ferrari collects
and uses your personal identifiers (name, address, telephone number, and
company contact information, if applicable, and Vehicle Identification Number) to
comply with contractual obligations and legal requirements related to
warranties, product safety, and recall campaigns. The legal basis for this
processing is Ferrari’s compliance with its legal obligations.
Comply with
other legal requirements. Ferrari may need to use the personal data identified
in this section to comply with applicable law, including eCall 112 (if
applicable) tax, accounting, and fiscal requirements, and to respond to legal
processes, such as subpoenas, to pursue legal rights, defend litigation, or
comply with requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities. The legal
basis for this processing is Ferrari’s compliance with its legal obligations.
If you view this
Privacy Notice on our website, we will also collect from you automatically
through cookies and similar technologies your internet and other electronic
network activity information (such as your IP address, usage information,
device information, and browsing patterns and actions). For information on how
we use your personal data when you use our website, please see the Ferrari
S.p.A. Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.03HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONFerrari
may need to make the personal data identified in this Privacy Notice available
within Ferrari, with service providers, or with other third parties in limited
circumstances as follows:
General Sharing
Within
Ferrari. We may share personal data with Ferrari Group
Companies
for legitimate business purposes and general business
management. The legal basis for this is Ferrari’s legitimate interest in
carrying out its business efficiently. With your consent, we will also share
your personal data so that Ferrari Group Companies can send you commercial or
marketing communications on products or services that may be of interest to
you.
With
Service Providers. We disclose your personal data to entities that provide
support services to us, such as Ferrari dealerships, software providers, IT
support providers, call center providers, communication providers, and travel
agencies. The legal basis for this is Ferrari’s legitimate interest in
providing after-sales services efficiently.
With Third Parties. We may need to disclose some of your personal data to third parties,
such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or governmental/regulatory
bodies in order to protect our legal interests and other rights, protect
against fraud or other illegal activities, for risk management purposes, and to
comply with our legal obligations. The
legal basis for this is compliance with the law, compliance with legal
obligations, and our legitimate interest in the protection of the rights of
others.
During a
Corporate Reorganization. In the event that we enter into, or intend
to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as
a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment,
consolidation, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any
portion of our business, assets or stock, we may share your personal data. This
legal basis for this processing is Ferrari’s legitimate interest in carrying
out its business operations.
Sharing in the Last Twelve (12) Months
For a Business
Purpose. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Ferrari has disclosed the following
categories of personal data for a business purpose to the following categories
of third parties:
We have
disclosed your personal identifiers to service providers that perform services
on our behalf. These service providers include our software providers, IT
support, customer service, communication providers and travel agencies.
At your
direction, we disclose your personal identifiers to Ferrari Group Companies to
provide you with commercial or marketing communications.
For a Sale. Ferrari
does not sell the personal data associated with this Privacy Notice. 04RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE GDPRTo
the extent our processing of your personal data is subject to the GDPR, you
have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
Right to Access. You
have the right to ask Ferrari for copies of your personal data. This right
has some exceptions, which means you may not always receive all personal
data we process.
Right to Rectification. You have the right to ask Ferrari to rectify
personal data you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us
to complete information you think is incomplete.
Right to Erasure. You have the right to ask Ferrari to erase your
personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to Restrict Processing. You have the right to ask Ferrari to restrict
the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object at any time, for
reasons arising from your particular situation, to processing of your personal
data, which is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interests.
Right to Data Portability. You
have the right to ask that we transfer the personal data you gave us from
one organization to another, or give it to you in a structured, ordinarily
used, and readable format.
Right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a
supervisory authority.
To exercise
your rights, you may submit a request in writing to Ferrari S.p.A., via Abetone
Inferiore 4, Maranello (MO), Italy or by email at privacy@ferrari.com. 05RIGHTS OF INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE CCPATo the
extent the CCPA applies to the processing of your personal data you would
be entitled to the rights listed below:
Right to Access. You have the
right to request what personal data we have
collected, used, disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve
(12) months. You may make a request for access twice within a twelve (12)
month period.
Right to
Deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that we collect or maintain, subject to certain
exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out. You have the
right to opt-out of the sale of your personal
data to third parties.
Ferrari does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal
data of minors under
the age of sixteen (16) years.
Right to
Non-Discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory
treatment if and when you exercise your rights to access, delete, or
opt-out under the CCPA.
To
exercise your right to access or delete your personal data, you may
submit a request by email at privacy@ferrari.com or by telephone at 1-877-933-7727.
For
requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient
information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom
we collected the personal
data and
describe your request with sufficient detail to allow us to properly evaluate
and respond to it. If we are not able to verify your identity for access and
deletion requests with the information provided, we may ask you for additional
pieces of information.
Only you,
or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you
authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal
data. If you
are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of another individual, you
must provide us with signed documentation that you are authorized to act on
behalf of that individual.06DATA TRANSFERS OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREAWithin our contractual relations, Ferrari may transfer personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Processing is bound to the purposes of the processing identified here and is carried out in accordance with applicable data protection laws. In the event personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, Ferrari will use appropriate contractual measures to guarantee an adequate protection of personal data, including implementation of agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission.
07DATA RETENTION Your personal data will be processed for the time strictly necessary to for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, and, in particular:
until Ferrari learns that
the car is scrapped for the purposes of vehicle maintenance and safety as
well as the safety of Ferrari customers (e.g. recall campaigns, etc.);
for ten (10) years, from the date of the submission of the
consent for processing your image, unless the consent is revoked. In the event of
a revocation, your image may no longer be processed for the purposes
mentioned but may still be kept for the purpose of handling any disputes
and/or litigation;
for ten (10) years, from
the provision of personal data for the purposes of marketing and profiling,
unless revoked consent. In the event of revocation, personal data may no longer be processed for the purposes mentioned but may
still be stored for the purpose of handling any disputes and/or litigation;
for ten (10) years, in
compliance with the requirements of the law on accounting and taxation,
unless local regulations establish a different term for Authorized Repairers or Ferrari;
for the time necessary to
satisfy your requests
or to manage any claims and/or litigation; and
vehicle and vehicle owner personal data is processed by the eCall 112 system according
to the same emergency service methods based on the 112 number and is kept
in the control unit only for the time necessary for managing the eCall
emergency call. In any case, the
personal data is stored for
no more than thirteen (13) hours from the moment an eCall emergency is
started. The personal data of the internal memory of the eCall system is
automatically and continuously deleted.
08FOR MORE INFORMATIONYou may ask Ferrari for further information on
personal data processing activities to:
Data controller: Ferrari S.p.A., with
registered office in via Emilia Est, n. 1163, Modena, Italy, headquartered
in via Abetone Inferiore, n. 4, Maranello, Italy.
Data Protection Officer: privacy@ferrari.com.
To learn more about
our information collection practices generally, please see our Privacy
Policy. For any questions or concerns, please contact Ferrari at privacy@ferrari.com.09AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICEThis Privacy Notice is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Notice will be posted on this page and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Notice for any changes. If we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will notify you via email or by prominent posting on our Websites. This Privacy Notice was last updated on July 29, 2020.FERRARI NORTH AMERICA INC. PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy describes how Ferrari North America, Inc. (“FNA”, “FNA”, “us”, “our”) collects your personal information, how FNA uses this personal information, with whom FNA shares your personal information, and your choices in connection with this. 01APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected
by FNA, as you use FNA websites fnaevents.ferrari.com and
events.media.ferrari.com (collectively, the “Websites”), participate in FNA events, or interact with us in any
other way.
To learn more about Ferrari’s information practices
generally, please see the Ferrari S.p.A Privacy
Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy
Policy.02COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONFNA collects personal information, which is information that
identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or
could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you. FNA collects
information from you directly and automatically.
Information
You Provide To Us
If you choose to engage in certain services offered by FNA, FNA
will collect personal information from you. This includes when you:
Apply for employment. If you
apply for employment with 410 Park Display, Inc. we will collect your personal
information as detailed in our Applicant Notice. This information includes your
identifiers (name, email address, physical address, and telephone number), and
your professional or employment information (resume, cover letter, employment
history, and educational history). We use this personal information to manage
and consider your application with 410 Park Display, Inc. and as necessary to
comply with the law.
Contact us. When you send FNA a
question or inquiry, or ask for other support, you will need to provide us with
personal identifiers (name and email address), and any other information you
choose to provide in your correspondence. FNA uses this personal information to
respond to your questions or inquiries, troubleshoot where necessary, and
address any issues you have with the Websites or the services offered thereon.
Create an FNA events account. If you
create an account, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name, email
address, and telephone number). Once your owner account is created, FNA will
also store your password. FNA use this personal information to create and
manage your account.
Enroll in the Ferrari Classiche
Certification Program. If you enroll into the Ferrari Classiche
Certification Program, FNA will collect your personal identifiers (name,
physical address, telephone number, and email address) and commercial
information (vehicle purchased, vehicle technical specifications, and vehicle
photo). FNA uses this personal information to enroll you into the Ferrari
Classiche Certification Program.
Participate in test drive events. When
you participate in a FNA test drive event, FNA will collect your personal
identifiers (name, physical address, telephone number, email address, driver’s
license number, emergency contact information, and signature). FNA uses this
personal information to complete your registration, manage the test drive
event, and to ensure the safety of participants.
Register for the Corso Pilota program. If you
register for the Corso Pilota program, FNA will collect your personal
identifiers (name, driver’s license number, telephone number, and email
address). When you participate in the Corso Pilota program, FNA will also
collect visual information (photographs during the program) and the results of
your program evaluation. FNA uses this personal information to complete your
registration and to manage the program.
Register for the Ferrari Challenge. If you register to
participate in the Ferrari Challenge, FNA will collect your personal
identifiers (name, driver’s license number, physical address, email address,
telephone number, date of birth, emergency contact information, and signature).
FNA uses this personal information to complete your registration, manage the
Ferrari Challenge, and to ensure the safety of participants. If you purchase a
hospitality pass, our third-party payment processor will collect your payment
card information (payment card number, CVV, and expiration date) on our behalf.
We use this personal information to manage your purchase and provide the
hospitality pass.
Subscribe to marketing communications. If you
opt-in, FNA may also use the personal information described in this section,
collected as part of the various interactions listed above, to send you
customized marketing communications FNA feel may be of interest to you and
engage in market research. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the
unsubscribe link provided within each email. This link will redirect you to our
consent management page where you can opt-out of our email communications.
With your
consent, FNA may use the personal information as described in this section to improve
FNA products and services via profiling. In doing so, FNA will create a profile
about your reflecting your preferences and your behavior through automated
processing methods. FNA may also use the personal information described in this
section to comply with the law, to efficiently maintain our business, and for
other limited circumstances as described in HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Information Collected From Authorized
Ferrari Dealers
Authorized
Ferrari dealers collect certain personal information on behalf of FNA. If you
make a purchase at an authorized Ferrari dealer, or visit an authorized Ferrari
dealer for repair or service, the dealership will collect on FNA’s behalf personal
information from you. This is detailed in Ferrari’s After-Sales Notice and
Sales Notice available here.
Information Collected Automatically Via
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
In
addition to the personal information you provide directly and to that which is
collected from Authorized Dealerships, FNA may also collect information from
you automatically as you use our Website. This information includes the
following internet or other electronic network activity information and
location information:
Usage information. This
includes information regarding your interaction with our Websites, such as
which pages you visit, the frequency of access, how much time you spend on each
page, what you click on while on the Websites, and referring Websites addresses.
Device information. This includes certain information about your device that you use to access
our Websites, such as browser type, browser language, hardware model, operating system,
and your preferences.
Location information. This includes information about your location, which may be determined
through your IP address.
To collect this information, FNA use cookies and other tracking
technologies. Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your browser to your
device. Cookies can be persistent (cookies that remain on your device for a set
period of time or until you delete them) or session (cookies that are deleted
as soon as you close your browser). When you use or access the Websites, FNA and our third party providers may place a number of cookies on your
device. These cookies include:
Essential. FNA use essential
cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of the Websites and to
allow the Websites and its feature to function properly.
Functional. FNA use functional
cookies to provide enhanced functionality and personalization, to remember your
preferences, to diagnose server and software errors, and in cases of abuse,
track and mitigate the abuse.
Analytics. FNA use Google
Analytics to collect information on your use of the Websites to improve our Websites.
In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your
browser, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive
information about you from applications you have downloaded that partner with
Google. FNA do not combine the information collected through the use of Google
Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and
share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Websites
or to another application which partners with Google is restricted by Google’s Terms
of Use and Privacy Policy. To prevent your data from being used by
Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out
browser add on.
Advertising. FNA utilizes
DoubleClick by Google to serve ads based on an individual’s prior visit to our Websites.
Each visitor to our Websites receives a different cookie and the information
collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics and allows us
to see the total number of individuals who clicked on our ads. DoubleClick
enables Google and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our Websites
and other Websites on the Internet. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the
California Consumer Privacy Act. Please review Google’s privacy policy for additional information on how Google uses the information collected. To
opt-out of targeted advertising by Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings.
You may also install the DoubleClick
opt-out add-on.
To organize
these trackers, FNA uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager
is a tag management system to manage tags used for tracking and analytics. Tags
are small code elements that, among other things, are used to manage traffic
and visitor behavior and to test and optimize Websites. FNA utilize Google Tag
Manager to manage and organize all third-party tags on our Websites and to
control when those tags are triggered. View Google Tag Manager’s privacy
practices for more information.
ia.ferrari.com (collectively, the “Websites”), participate in FNA events, or interact with us in any
other way.
To learn more about Ferrari’s information practices
generally, please see the Ferrari S.p.A Privacy
Policy and the Ferrari Store Privacy
Policy.03RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION General Sharing
FNA may need to make the personal information identified in
this Privacy Notice available within Ferrari, with service providers, or with
other third parties. These instances include:
Within Ferrari. FNA may share your personal
information with Ferrari S.p.A and its subsidiaries and/or affiliates (“Ferrari Group Companies”) for
legitimate business purposes and general business management. Upon your consent,
FNA may also share your personal information within the Ferrari Group Companies
for marketing purposes.
With Service Providers.
FNA
may share your personal information with our service providers that assist us
in providing the Websites. These service providers include communication
providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform,
customer service providers, and marketing providers.
With Program Accommodations. At your direction, FNA may share your personal information
with accommodations providers, including hotel and car service providers, for
FNA events.
With
Third Parties. FNA may need to disclose your personal information to
third parties, such as legal advisors, law enforcement agencies, or
governmental/regulatory bodies in order to protect our legal interests and
other rights, protect against fraud or other illegal activities, prevent harm,
for risk management purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations.
In the Event of a Corporate Reorganization. In the
event that FNA enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters
the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, acquisition,
sale, joint venture, assignment, consolidation, transfer, change of control, or
other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, FNA
would share personal information with third parties, including the buyer or
target (and their agents and advisors) for the purpose of facilitating and
completing the transaction. FNA would also share personal information with
third parties if FNA undergo bankruptcy or liquidation, in the course of such
proceedings.
With Your Consent. Apart
from the reasons identified above, FNA may request your permission to share your
personal information for a specific purpose. FNA will notify you and request
consent before you provide the Personal information or before the personal
information you have already provided is shared for such purpose. You may
revoke your consent at any time.
Sharing in the
Last Twelve (12) Months
For a Business Purpose. In the
preceding Twelve (12) months, FNA has disclosed the following categories of personal
information for a business purpose to the following categories of third
parties:
FNA have
disclosed your personal identifiers, internet and other network activity
information, and customer records information to service providers that perform
services on our behalf. These service providers include our communication
providers, web-hosting providers, IT support, our customer management platform,
customer service providers, and marketing providers.
FNA have
disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location
information to our IT support to detect security incidents, protect against
malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and
repair errors that impair functionality.
FNA have
disclosed your internet or other electronic network information and location
information to our IT support to maintain, improve, and upgrade the Websites.
For a Sale. In the preceding twelve
(12) months, FNA has shared your internet or other electronic network activity
information collected via cookies to data analytics providers and advertising
partners. Such sharing may be deemed a sale under the California Consumer
Privacy Act. To opt-out of this sharing of your personal information through
cookies, please follow the instructions in YOUR
INFORMATION CHOICES. 04YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CHOICESCorrect
or View Your Information. You may access your FNA account to correct
or view certain personal information you have provided to us and which is
associated with your account.
Google Analytics. To prevent your data from
being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out
browser add on.
DoubleClick. To opt out of targeted advertising by
Google, you can go to Google’s ad settings. You may also
install the DoubleClick
opt-out add-on.
Cookies. All
session cookies are temporary and expire after you close your web browser.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. To find out how to see what cookies
have been set on your computer or device, and how to reject and delete the
cookies, please visit: https://www.aboutcookies.org/.
Please note that each web browser is different. For information on reviewing or
deleting cookies from specific browsers, click on the appropriate browser: Firefox, Firefox IOS, Firefox Android, Safari, Safari
Mobile, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Opera. To find information relating to
other browsers, visit the browser developer’s websites. If you reset your web
browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, some
features of our websites may not function properly. If you choose to opt out, FNA
will place an "opt-out cookie" on your computer. The "opt-out
cookie" is browser specific and device specific and only lasts until
cookies are cleared from your browser or device. The opt-out cookie will not
work for essential cookies. If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade
your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to
return and update your preferences.
Marketing
Emails. You may unsubscribe from FNA marketing communications
at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided within each email. This
link will redirect you to our consent management page where you can opt-out of
our newsletters. Please note that FNA will continue to send you
notifications necessary to the websites, your account, or requested products or
services.  05CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS To the
extent the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to the processing of
your personal information you would be entitled to the following rights:
Right to Access. You have
the right to request what personal information FNA has collected, used,
disclosed, and sold about you within the preceding twelve (12) months. You may
make a request for access twice within a twelve (12) month period.
Right to Deletion. You have
the right to request the deletion of your personal information that FNA collects
or maintains, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt-Out. You have
the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties.
FNA does not have actual knowledge that it sells personal information of minors
under the age of sixteen (16) years.
Right to Non-Discrimination. You have
the right to not receive discriminatory treatment if and when you exercise your
rights to access, delete, or opt-out under the CCPA.
To
exercise your right to access or delete your personal information, you may
submit a consumer request by email at privacy2@ferrari.com or by telephone at
1-877-933-7727. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information via
cookies, please follow the instructions in YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION CHOICES.
For
requests submitted via telephone or email, you must provide us with sufficient
information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom FNA
collected the personal information and describe your request with sufficient
detail to allow us to properly evaluate and respond to it. If FNA are not able
to verify your identity for access and deletion requests with the information
provided, FNA may ask you for additional pieces of information.
Only you,
or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you
authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal
information. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of
another individual, you must provide us with signed documentation that you are
authorized to act on behalf of that individual.06NEVADA RESIDENTSIf you are a consumer in the State of Nevada, you may request to opt-out
of the current or future sale of certain of your personal information. FNA
do not currently sell any of your personal information under Nevada law, nor do
FNA plan to do so in the future. If you have any questions regarding our data
privacy practices, or would like to opt-out of the future sale of your personal
information, please contact us at privacy2@ferrari.com.
07DO NOT TRACKFNA do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) requests.
Do Not Track is a preference you can
set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings
page of your web browser. 08INFORMATION SECURITY FNA implement and maintain reasonable security measures to protect the
personal information FNA collects and maintains from unauthorized access,
destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. These measures include access
controls, encryption, and anti-virus and anti-malware protection. However, no
security measure or modality of data transmission is 100% secure and FNA are
unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal information FNA have
collected from you. 09CHILDREN’S PRIVACY The Websites are not
intended for individuals under the age of eighteen (18) years. If FNA learn
that FNA have collected or received personal information from individuals under
the age of eighteen (18), FNA will delete the personal information. If you
believe FNA have personal information on individuals under the age of eighteen
(18), please contact us at the contact information provided below.10AMENDMENT OF THIS PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy
is subject to change. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page
and will indicate the date the changes go into effect. Please check back
frequently and review the Privacy Policy for any changes. If FNA make any
changes that materially affect your privacy rights, FNA will notify you via
email or by prominent posting on our Websites.11CONTACTFor
questions, please contact FNA at privacy2@ferrari.com.