http://www.largescalecentral.com/help/privacy
Home
Sign In
Sign Up
Home
Forums
Chat
Articles
Albums
Freight Sheds
Events
RR History
Old FS
Advanced Search
Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
last updated: May 2018
1. Introduction
LargeScaleCentral (referred to in this document as LSC) provides a website and forums for users to share their interest in Large Scale and Garden trains.
At LSC the privacy and security of our members and visitors are of paramount importance. LSC is committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how LSC processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) collected through use of its website and platform.
For the purposes of this policy, LSC defines the term “Member” as an entity with which LSC has an established relationship, and the term “Visitor” as an individual that visits our front-end website (for example www.largescalecentral.com) without creating an account.
Any non-public information stored on LSC platform is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only. LSC implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.
2. Collection and use
2.1 .General
The following sections cover the specifics of each of the two groups from which data is collected: website Visitors and Members.
2.2 Website Visitors
If you are a Visitor to our website only, and not a member of our platform, then this section is relevant for you.
By visiting this website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as described herein. If you do not agree with the terms set out herein, please do not visit this website. If required by applicable law, we will seek your explicit consent to process Personal Data collected on this website or volunteered by you. Kindly note that any consent will be entirely voluntary. However, if you do not grant the requested consent to the processing of your Personal Data, the use of this website may not be possible.
LSC may collect, record and analyze information of Visitors to its website. We may record your IP address and use cookies. LSC may add information collected by way of pageview activity.
LSC traffic analysis tools gather data about visits to the website, including numbers of Visitors and visits, Geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where Visitors have come.
2.2.1 Purpose of processing personal data
LSC uses the collected data to customize content for Visitors, to show ads to Visitors, and to improve its website by analyzing how Visitors navigate its website.
2.2.2 Sharing personal data
LSC will not share such information with any persons not directly involved in the running or delivery of information on the website.
2.2.3 Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a Visitor’s hard disk. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. By continuing to visit the website, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device. If you choose not to accept our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience will be as fulfilling as it would otherwise be. We may also place cookies from third parties for functional and marketing purposes. The use of cookies is widespread and benefits the surfer.
2.2.4 Links to other sites
Please be aware that while visiting our site, Visitors can follow links to other sites that are beyond our sphere of influence. LSC is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other sites.
2.3 Members
2.3.1. General
In order to provide services to its Members, LSC collects certain types of data from them. This section will describe how these types of data are collected and used by LSC. Data entered or transferred into LSC by Members such as texts, articles, reviews, media files, etc., remains the property of the Member and may not be shared with a third party by LSC without express consent from the Member.
2.3.2 Collection of Member data
During a Member’s registration and later on the LSC platform, they provide information such as name, email address, and other relevant data. This information is used by LSC to identify the Member and provide them with services, support, and to meet the operational requirements of the website.
LSC Members can at any time access and edit or update or their contact details by logging in with their username and password to LSC’s platform.
3. Retention and deletion
LSC will retain the minimal user data required for the uninterrupted functionality of the website.
LSC will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
4. Acceptance of these Conditions
We assume that all Visitors of our website, and Members of LSC’s platform have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our website and platform. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy as necessity dictates. Continued use of LSC website and platform after having been informed of any such changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of LSC terms of use.
5. Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Information
We will reveal a user’s personal information without his/her prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to LSC or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.
6. For Further Information
If you have any further questions regarding the data LSC collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email at rmccown@largescalecentral.com
Copyright © 2000-2020
-  Privacy
-  Terms of Service
-  Advertising
-
English
Share