https://www.schoonersail.com/sailing-holiday-booking/privacy-policy/
SchoonerSail Privacy Policy
This privacy policy notice is for this website; www.schoonersail.com and served by SchoonerSail Limited 16A Stafford Mill, London Road, Thrupp, Stroud, Gloucestershire, GL5 2AZ and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, and in interacting with our business including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Who Are We
SchoonerSail is a trading name of Schoonersail Limited
Our address is
16A Stafford Mill,
London Road
Thrupp
Stroud
Gloucestershire
GL5 2AZ
info@schoonersail.com
Tel 00 44 (0)7977 594649
Contact either Su Fawkes Or John Shores.
Your Personal Data – What Is It?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.
The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
How Is Your Data Collected?
When you give it to us for example when signing up to our newsletters, making an enquiry or making a booking. This could be in person, in writing or over the phone, via social media, when using our web site or via any other means.
When you use our website via cookies and third parties. We currently use Google, Google Analytics, Facebook and Bing cookies. Please view our cookies section for more details about cookies.
What Information Might We Collect From You?
Your email address
Your address including postcode
landline and mobile phone numbers
Email communications with you
Written notes of conversations with you
Feedback made by you
Records of your bookings including payments made
The address of a responsible person ashore including postcode
The landline email and phone numbers of your responsible person ashore
Any medical or other additional information you provide on your booking form
Any dietary information you provide
Photographs taken by SchoonerSail while you are onboard may contain your image
Any content you may write for SchoonerSail
For voyages outside of the UK in order to comply with border regulations we may need your passport number, date and place of birth.
Cookies used on our web site collect different types of data such as pages viewed, browser type, geographical information etc. Please see our cookies policy for more information.
Why Is The Data Being Collected?
To inform you about schoonersail news, new itineraries and
To answer any enquiries you may make by phone, email in person or by post.
To supply you with information regarding any booking you have made
To ensure your safety
To maintain our own accounts and records
To process your booking application for sailing holidays.
To enable us to fulfill any contractual obligations to you.
To fulfill legal or regulatory requirements – for example complying with border control regulations.
For use in general marketing both online and by email
To analyse and help us improve the performance of our web site
Who Do We Share Your Data With?
We may share the data you provide to us with third parties for legal, regulatory and health and safety reasons – two possible examples could be in order to comply with border control regulations or in a medical situation we may need to share health information you have given us with lifeboat crews or if we need to radio for medical advice.
We do not sell any data to third parties.
How We Secure Your Data
Any of your data stored on our computers is encrypted
The SchoonerSail web site uses SSL /https
Our online booking form uses SSL and database encryption
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data?
When you subscribe to our newsletters we keep the data until you unsubscribe.
Normally information provided on booking forms is kept for three years starting from the end of the voyage you have booked. In some circumstances such as in the event of any dispute or for legal reasons it may be kept for longer.
Most accounting and finance related documentation is retained for a minimum 6 years from the end of the financial year in which you booked. Some accounting/ finance related data might be retained for longer to comply with best practice.
Your Rights And Your Personal Data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data.
You can read more about your rights here
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
This site uses Google Analytics And Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site If you prefer not to accept cookies, you can change the settings in your Internet browser to reject them or inform you before one is placed on your hard drive
Further information regarding cookies, and how to disable them in your browser, can be found at the www.allaboutcookies.org
If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly. There aren’t any that we know of.
Third Party Cookies
Third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from your website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads,
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by Facebook. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting detailed information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
We  and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how  ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to the site and  to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to this website.
You can opt out of Google Anaytics by using the chrome opt out browser extension
More Detailed Information About Email Marketing
For emailing SchoonerSail Newsletters and E mail marketing we use an email marketing service provider or EMS. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows us to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
We use a third-party provider called MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. Mailchimp  gathers statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us directly at info@schoonersail.com
Our EMS provider is; mailchimp. We may hold the following information about you within our EMS system;
Email address
I.P address
Subscription time & date
Details of consent on subscrption
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
SchoonerSail Newsletters Sign Up for Early Bird offers and more.
SchoonerSail1k+ likesOpen facebook page nowJoin our Facebook community
SchoonerSail Limited
16A Stafford Mill
London Road
Thrupp
Stroud
Gloucestershire
GL5 2A
Ships phone +44 (0)7977 594 649
info@schoonersail.com
Company No 06133553
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKNo, Read MoreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Home2020 Itinerary
All 2020 Sailing HolidaysTaster Weekend UKIpswich To BergenBergen To StavangerStavanger To SandefjordSandefjord To GothenburgGothenburg To CopenhagenCopenhagen To KielKiel To SAIL AmsterdamSAIL Amsterdam to Den HelderDen Helder To IpswichIpswich To London Back
Our Sailing Holidays
Life OnboardWhere We SailCrew StoriesSailing VideosOffshore SailingLearn To Sail | Sail TrainingSailing In Norway Back
The Ship
About The ShipSail PlanHistory Back
Booking
How To BookOnline Booking FormTravel To The ShipFAQSWhat To PackSailing Holiday InsurancePayment PageTerms And ConditionsPrivacy Policy Back
Tall Ships & Schooners
Tall Ships & SchoonersTall Ships Race FilmsTall Ships GalleryLearn To Sail A SchoonerSchooner BooksSchooner Rig Back
Contact
× Close Panel