http://www.driveaboatcanada.ca/privacy-policy/
Get your card today
$49.95 $44.95
Home
Get Your Card
Replacement Card
Buy a gift card
Online Boating Exam
The Canadian Law
FAQ
Contact Us
Sign in Pre-paid code
FR
Sign in | Pre-paid code | FR
Security & Privacy Policy
Security & Privacy policy
Advanced security features to enhance privacy
In order to protect our customers against the loss or unauthorized use of their personal information, Drive a Boat Canada works in partnership with TD Canada Trust Bank and BeanStream.com , in recognition of their expertise in conducting secure Internet transactions. Drive a Boat Canada complies with the highest SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption standards available on the market. Our secure pages have an address starting with “https”. When you visit a secure page, a padlock icon appears in the upper or lower frame of your browser to confirm that the information you transmit is encrypted. Any information you provide on these pages – your name, address and credit card number – is sent in the form of electronically encrypted or encoded files to ensure privacy. These files cannot be intercepted, altered or decoded by a third party. Any information relating to your transaction and to the driveaboatcanada.ca site is encrypted and secure.
Even though we are very confident in our high level of online security, we remind you that even the best system is not entirely tamper-proof. There is always a risk, however small, that the personal information required to conduct electronic transactions may be obtained by a third party without your consent and without the knowledge of Drive a Boat Canada. Drive a Boat Canada shall not be held liable for the disclosure of such personal information, except in cases where their negligence can be proven.
Drive a Boat Canada does not retain any credit card information. You must resubmit your credit card information for each transaction.
Finally, if you have any concerns about using your credit card on the Internet, feel free to send us your request by email at info@driveaboatcanada.ca. Make sure to include your name and phone number. A member of our team will call you to complete the transaction over the phone.
Privacy policy
Drive a Boat Canada is committed to protecting your privacy. We assure you that all information collected will remain confidential. Our privacy policy explains which information we need to collect and how this information will be used. Consult the following privacy policy to find out how Drive a Boat Canada will handle the personal information you will provide.
Security and confidentiality: This web site is 100% secure and use 128 bit encryption. Personal information is kept confidential and is gathered in accordance with the Protection of Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Act and Electronics Document Act.
1. Which information do we collect?
First, to have access to our material, you must register by providing personal information as, name, date of birth, gender, city and province, address, e-mail address and more. This information will be used to mail you your Pleasure Craft Operator Card. When taking the course online, you will need to pay with a credit card. The required information is a valid credit card number, the expiry date and the name on the card. Remember that we only collect essential information.
2. What do we do with the information provided and with whom is it shared with?
The personal information you supply to Drive a Boat Canada will not be disclosed outside of Drive a Boat Canada without your consent, unless the law requires it. Your credit card information will be used only to pay the online boating course fee and applicable taxes. It is important to understand that the information provided to Drive a Boat Canada is not used for any other purpose than to help you obtain your Pleasure Craft Operator Card.
Drive a Boat Canada web site contains links to other sites. Drive a Boat Canada is not responsible for the privacy policies of those web sites. Be certain that we do our best to provide links to respectable sites with acceptable content. Be careful before deciding to provide your personal information to one of those web sites.
3. How can you verify your information?
You can always request the details of your personal information, how it was collected and how your information was processed. According to the law and in the case where we can identify you correctly, you can access your information and make necessary changes if needed.
4. How long do we keep your information?
We will keep your information as long as necessary depending on the product or service you are using and as long as we meet all the legal requirements. All unnecessary information will be removed from our database. At anytime, you can make a request to have your personal information removed. If you have any questions or you require information, you can write to us at the address below.
5. Security
All credit card information is collected by Beanstream Internet Commerce Inc., under an agreement with Drive a Boat Canada.
6. Children and privacy
Parents of children under 18 years of age can contact us at the address below if:
They want to access the personal information of their child provided to Drive a Boat Canada.
They want to make changes to their personal information.
They want us to remove certain information we have about their child.
They want us to stop collecting any information regarding their child or they want us to delete any information collected about their child.
You must include your e-mail address and phone number along with your request. Drive a Boat Canada will always verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child and to assure that the person is the child’s parent or legal guardian.
7. How to contact us?
If you have any questions about the privacy policy, you can reach us at the address below:
Drive a Boat Canada
251 Laurier ave W, suite 900Ottawa, ON K1P 5J6
Phone: 1-833-322-2628
Fax: 1-833-322-2628
E-mail: info@driveaboatcanada.ca
www.driveaboatcanada.ca
Log in Get certified now Online Boating Exam Lost your card?Don’t get stranded. Canadian Boating Law
Gift card
Contact us Français