https://www.wyndhamlakebuenavista.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Sanitation & Amenity Updates
MenuPlan Your VacationRoomsWyndham Lake Buena VistaWyndham Garden Lake Buena VistaDisney Springs®Special OffersWyndham Lake Buena VistaWyndham Garden Lake Buena VistaGuest ReviewsWyndham Lake Buena VistaWyndham Garden Lake Buena VistaFun, Dining, Hotel + Area InfoPlan Your Meeting/EventResourcesSales AssociatesDisney Advantage + Disney EventsRoomsWyndham Lake Buena Vista RoomsWyndham Garden Lake Buena Vista RoomsFun, Dining, Hotel + Area InfoReserve a Room
Choose a Hotel
Wyndham Lake Buena Vista
Wyndham Garden Lake Buena Vista
CHECK AVAILABILITY
Introduction: TPG Hotels & Resorts (A Procaccianti Group Company) has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to all of our customers, including respecting their concerns about privacy. We understand visitors to our websites may have questions about how the website collects and uses information. This statement was prepared to inform you of the privacy principles that govern tpghospitality.com (including all TPG Hotels & Resorts-managed individual property websites).
In this statement are numerous general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. The bottom line is meeting your needs and expectations form the foundation of everything we do – including protecting your privacy.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or privacy concerns please send an eMail to info@tpghotelsandresorts.com  or send a letter to:
TPG Hotels & Resorts 1140 Reservoir Avenue Cranston, RI 02920-6032 Attn: Privacy Protection
Browsing: This website does not collect personally identifiable information from your computer when you browse the site. This means, unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us with personally identifiable information, we will not know your name, your eMail address or any other personally identifiable information.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you browse the Internet. When users request a page from our site, our servers log the user’s current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems. However, we do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information about you.
Cookies: Our website uses “cookie” technology. “Cookies” are strings of text that a website may store on a user’s computer. Cookies are required only in the online reservation process. Additionally, cookies enable our website to keep track of your preferences and activities relating to the website. Our website creates session cookies for each visit in order to facilitate your visit; these cookies expires at the end of the session.
Use of Cookies and eMail – A third-party service provider is utilized to send marketing eMail on behalf of TPG Hotels & Resorts. There are no cookies in the eMail. However, when an eMail recipient clicks on a link to a TPG Hotels & Resorts website link embedded in the eMail, a “persistent” cookie is placed on the user’s computer. This cookie is used to measure the effectiveness of our eMail marketing efforts and better understand how our users navigate through the site. The cookie set by our service provider will remain on your hard drive 30 days after the last time you clicked on the coded link in the eMail or until you delete it.
Use of Cookies for Advertising – Third-party service providers are also utilized to serve and host our advertisements. These third-parties use persistent cookies to track the number of times our site is accessed and whether the site was accessed from the advertisement. The cookies generated from the advertisements do not contain personally identifiable information and may remain on your hard drive three or more years unless deleted by you.
The third-party service providers referenced above are contractually bound not to use information collected for any purpose other than providing services to us. Cookies do not corrupt or damage your computer or computer files. In addition, we do not use cookies to gather information concerning your visits to non-TPG Hotels & Resorts sites. If you do not wish to receive these cookies, you may set your browser to reject the cookies (consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this), although doing so may affect your ability to perform certain transactions on our website.
Pixel Tags: The aforementioned third-party service providers may also serve and host TPG Hotels & Resorts advertisements on other sites. To track the effectiveness of TPG Hotels & Resorts advertisements on other sites, this website uses pixel tags (also known as “clear gifs”, “beacon gifs”, “1-by-1 gifs”, or “web bugs”). Pixel tags are not visible to the user of the site and consist of a few lines of computer coding. If you are visiting this website from an advertisement on another site, the pixel tag references the cookie you received when you clicked on the advertisement. The pixel tag then registers this activity with the third-party advertising company to allow us to count the number of times an advertisement is accessed. Additionally, we measure the reservations generated from a particular ad. At no time is personally identifiable information about you or your reservation collected by the third-party advertising company nor is any tracking information generated from the pixel tag permitted to be used by the third party for any purpose other than to report website activity to us or allow us to better target future interactive advertising.
Our third-party service providers may use pixel tags in TPG Hotels & Resorts marketing eMail that delivers the eMail in a format you can read, allowing us to know which eMail you act upon and to better target the content of future eMail. Plus we track the aggregate number of eMail read and whether any of the links in the eMail were accessed. No other information is collected or used from pixel tags.
Information We Collect: When we need to collect personally identifiable information from you, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the necessary information. For example, if you would like to make a reservation at one of our hotels, we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, eMail address, credit card number and room preference to process your reservation. Your eMail address will be used to send a confirmation and, if necessary, we may use other information to contact you for assistance in processing your reservation. The same types of information would be requested to complete a gift certificate transaction. As indicated below (see eMail section), we may also use your eMail address to notify you about special offers and promotions.
Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information: When we ask you for credit card data while making a reservation or purchasing a gift certificate, it is transferred over a Secured Sockets Layer (SSL) line provided you are using a SSL enabled browser. We also use SSL on other select pages where you would enter personally identifiable information. This ensures your information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet. The secure mode is enabled before any such information is transmitted from your computer. You will know you are in secure mode when the padlock or key icon in the lower right-hand or left-hand corner of the computer screen appears in the locked position. Also, when accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from “http” to “https.” After information reaches TPG Hotels & Resorts it is stored on a secure server that resides behind firewalls designed to block unauthorized access from outside our company.
eMail: It is our intention to only send you eMail communications that will be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you make a reservation and provide your eMail address, we will occasionally contact you via eMail and provide information about special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. These communications will relate to TPG Hotels & Resorts offers and/or the promotions of select, reputable third parties with which TPG Hotels & Resorts has a strategic marketing relationship because they offer products or services we believe would of interest to you. We use a third party eMail service provider to send eMail; this service provider is prohibited from using your eMail address for any purpose other than to send TPG Hotels & Resorts-related eMail. Each time you receive an eMail, you will be provided the choice to opt-out of future eMail by following the instructions provided in the eMail or you may opt-out by updating your online profile.
TPG Hotels & Resorts Use of Information: We treat the information you provide to us as confidential information; it is, accordingly, subject to our company’s security procedures and strict corporate policies regarding protection and use of confidential information. Because laws applicable to personal information vary by country, our hotels or other business operations may put in place additional measures that vary depending on the applicable legal requirements. Information collected on the sites covered by this privacy statement, which are listed in the first paragraph, is generally processed and stored in the United States.
The personally identifiable information you provide to us for making a reservation is made available to the applicable hotel for the purpose of meeting your reservation request. If you cancel your reservation, the information is stored for recordkeeping purposes only and is not accessed again. After making a reservation or completing your stay at this hotel, unless you tell us otherwise, the information you provide may be used by us for direct marketing of a TPG Hotels & Resorts hotel, other TPG Hotels & Resorts products or the products of select, reputable third parties with whom TPG Hotels & Resorts has a strategic marketing relationship because they offer products or services we believe would of interest to you. TPG Hotel & Resorts may use the services of a third-party mail house for the sole purpose of mailing materials.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties: TPG Hotels & Resorts prohibits the sale or transfer of personal information to entities outside of TPG Hotels & Resorts for their use without your approval.
Links to Other Sites: If you choose to leave this site via links to other non-TPG Hotels & Resorts websites, including those of advertisers, TPG Hotels & Resorts is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of those sites nor is TPG Hotels & Resorts responsible for the cookies those sites use.
Legal Issues: This is a United States website and is subject to United States law. TPG Hotels & Resorts will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to TPG Hotels & Resorts guests, visitors, associates, property (including this website) or to others. As mentioned above, laws related to personal identifiable information vary by country. For example, personally identifiable information collected in the European Union is subject to the EU Data Protection Directive.
TPGHotelsandResorts.com Privacy Statement Changes: In the future, it may be necessary to change the privacy statement for tpghospitality.com. All changes will be made here so you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.