http://www.ownerdirect.com/privacy-policy
Sign In
Help
Contact Us
Help-FAQs
Dashboard
Sign Out
VACATION RENTALS
How To Rent
List Your Property
Vacation Rentals
Contact Us
Owner Direct Rentals Inc's Commitment to Protecting the Privacy of Personal Information
Technological growth has revolutionized the way businesses gather, use and disclose information. Emerging technologies require heightened vigilance in the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. We are committed to protecting the confidentiality and privacy of personal information we hold about our customers. This Policy reflects that commitment.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information could be used to identify a specific individual. It may include but not be limited to information such as your name, home address, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, web site URL, matches, absentee instructions and emergency contacts.
How Do We Use Personal Information?
We require your personal information in order to establish your record (i.e. guest, owner or partner record) and we collect the information from you.
We use your personal information for the purposes reasonably required in order for us to carry on business, including the following:
identify you;
ensure our records are correct;
establish and administer your registration with us;
deal with an emergency through alternate contacts;
create and maintain an effective business relationship; and
send information to you.
Disclosing Personal Information
Situations where we may be required to disclose personal information about our customers or other individuals with whom we do business are varied.
Some examples are:
To Assist an Owner: We disclose guest information to the owner of a unit when the guest has expressed interest (i.e. has completed a match) in booking the owner's unit.
To Assist a Guest : We disclose owner information
to a guest who has expressed interest for the purpose of renting (i.e. has completed a match) in
the owner's unit.
To Assist a Customer's Agent : We may disclose an individual's personal
information to a person whom we reasonably believe to be acting as the individual's
agent for the purpose of gathering that information. For example, we may
disclose information to an individual's legal counsel if we are satisfied
that that person is seeking the information at the request of the individual.
To Facilitate Accounting Process : We may disclose information for the
purpose of collecting on a debt obligation owing to us.
To Protect a Person or Persons from Imminent Danger: to a public authority,
or its agent, if we reasonably believe that the disclosure is required to
preserve life or property from imminent danger, and it appears that the danger
could be minimized or avoided by disclosing the information.
Specific Confidential Situations : to third parties in connection with
a proposed sale of part or all of our business. In such case, we will obtain
the agreement of the third parties to protect the confidentiality of that
information.
For Legal Compliance : for law enforcement purposes and to the
extent required to comply with legal requirements or regulatory orders.
For Remarketing : for marketing online ads. Third-party
vendors, including Google and Facebook, show our ads on sites across the Internet. We
use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party
cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize,
and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website.
Personal Data Breaches
Owner Direct Rentals shall notify it's customers without undue delay and, in any case, within 72 hours upon becoming aware of or reasonably suspecting a Personal Data Breach. Such notification shall as a minimum: Describe the nature of the Personal Data Breach, the categories and numbers of Data Subjects concerned, and the categories and numbers of Personal Data records concerned; Communicate the name and contact details of the Privacy Officer or other relevant contact from whom more information may be obtained; Describe the estimated risk and the likely consequences of the Personal Data Breach; and Describe the measures taken or proposed to be taken to address the Personal Data Breach.
At the customer's request, Owner Direct will provide reasonable assistance and cooperation with respect to any notifications made to that customer.
Erasure of Personal Data
Upon termination of the Customer Account, the Processor will return or destroy Personal Data at the Customer's request.
Owner Direct may retain Personal Data to the extent required by Union or Member State law, and only to the extent and for such period as required by Union or Member State law.
Your Options Regarding Personal Information
Please note that you may withdraw or limit your consent to our collection,
use, or disclosure of your personal information at any time, subject to any
legal or contractual restrictions. We will process and implement such requests
within a reasonable amount of time. Please note that such requests may limit
our ability to provide you with the optimal level of service or any service.
To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and customized Google Display
Network ads, visit the Ads Preferences Manager (http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/)
and the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/). To opt out of seeing our Facebook ads, make sure to be logged out of Facebook when visiting our site and visit https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Our Commitment
We do not provide personal information about our customers or other individuals to third parties for any reasons other than those described above, nor do we sell lists of this information. Unless
we hear from you, we will assume you wish us to continue to collect, use
and disclose your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy
described above.
Who to Contact
For privacy related requests, concerns and questions, please call 1-888 869
6377 and talk to our Privacy Officer, Tony Lopes.
Toll Free USA, Canada
1.888.869.6377
Toll Free UK
0.800.249.4265
Toll Free Australia
1.800.150.197
International Rentals
1.250.469.9543
no thanks
Vacation Rental Deals to your inbox
send me deals
Thank you for joining our newsletter.Be sure to check out our blog as well.
Get great vacation rental deals and travel tips
Delivered right to your inbox monthly!
* First Name:
* Last Name:
* Email Address:
Thank you for joining our newsletter.Be sure to check out our blog as well.
Processing your request... please wait.
How can we help?
Search Help
- Or -
Feedback
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
-
Question
Concern
Suggestion
Page Error
Compliment
*
Send Feedback
Cancel
Thank You - OwnerDirect.com has successfully received your feedback.
Close