http://www.sd4wheel.com/terms-use-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Terms of UsePLEASE READ! www.sd4wheel.com REQUIRES CONSIDERATION FOR AND AS A CONDITION OF ALLOWING YOU ACCESS.
READING AND ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF USE AND READING AND ACCEPTING THE PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY OF www.sd4wheel.com ARE REQUIRED CONSIDERATIONS FOR www.sd4wheel.com GRANTING YOU THE RIGHT TO VISIT, READ OR INTERACT WITH IT.
ALL PERSONS ARE DENIED ACCESS TO THIS SITE UNLESS THEY READ AND ACCEPT THE TERMS OF USE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY.
BY VIEWING, VISITING, USING, OR INTERACTING WITH www.sd4wheel.com OR WITH ANY BANNER, POP-UP, OR ADVERTISING THAT APPEARS ON IT, YOU ARE AGREEING TO ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS TERMS OF USE POLICY AND THE PRIVACY POLICY OF www.sd4wheel.com.
ALL PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 18 ARE DENIED ACCESS TO www.sd4wheel.com. IF YOU ARE UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE, IT IS UNLAWFUL FOR YOU TO VISIT, READ, OR INTERACT WITH www.sd4wheel.com OR ITS CONTENTS IN ANY MANNER. www.sd4wheel.com SPECIFICALLY DENIES ACCESS TO ANY INDIVIDUAL THAT IS COVERED BY THE CHILD ONLINE PRIVACY ACT (COPA) OF 1998.
www.sd4wheel.com RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DENY ACCESS TO ANY PERSON OR VIEWER FOR ANY REASON. UNDER THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH YOU ACCEPT AS A CONDITION FOR VIEWING, www.sd4wheel.com IS ALLOWED TO COLLECT AND STORE DATA AND INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF EXCLUSION AND FOR MANY OTHER USES.
THE TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. VISITORS HAVE AN AFFIRMATIVE DUTY, AS PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR PERMISSION TO VIEW www.sd4wheel.com, TO KEEP THEMSELVES INFORMED OF CHANGES.
PARTIES TO THE TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT
Visitors, viewers, users, subscribers, members, affiliates, or customers, collectively referred to herein as “Visitors,” are parties to this agreement. The website and its owners and/or operators are parties to this agreement, herein referred to as “Website.”
USE OF INFORMATION FROM THIS WEBSITE
Unless you have entered into an express written contract with this website to the contrary, visitors, viewers, subscribers, members, affiliates, or customers have no right to use this information in a commercial or public setting; they have no right to broadcast it, copy it, save it, print it, sell it, or publish any portions of the content of this website. By viewing the contents of this website you agree this condition of viewing and you acknowledge that any unauthorized use is unlawful and may subject you to civil or criminal penalties. Again, Visitor has no rights whatsoever to use the content of, or portions thereof, including its databases, invisible pages, linked pages, underlying code, or other intellectual property the site may contain, for any reason for any use whatsoever. Nothing. Visitor agrees to liquidated damages in the amount of U.S.$100,000 in addition to costs and actual damages for breach of this provision. Visitor warrants that he or she understands that accepting this provision is a condition of viewing and that viewing constitutes acceptance.
OWNERSHIP OF WEBSITE OR RIGHT TO USE, SELL, PUBLISH CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE
The website and its contents are owned or licensed by the website. Material contained on the website must be presumed to be proprietary and copyrighted. Visitors have no rights whatsoever in the site content. Use of website content for any reason is unlawful unless it is done with express contract or permission of the website.
HYPERLINKING TO SITE, CO-BRANDING, “FRAMING” AND REFERENCING SITE PROHIBITED
Unless expressly authorized by website, no one may hyperlink this site, or portions thereof, (including, but not limited to, logotypes, trademarks, branding or copyrighted material) to theirs for any reason. Further, you are not allowed to reference the url (website address) of this website in any commercial or non-commercial media without express permission, nor are you allowed to ‘frame’ the site. You specifically agree to cooperate with the Website to remove or de-activate any such activities and be liable for all damages. You hereby agree to liquidated damages of US $100,000.00 plus costs and actual damages for violating this provision.
DISCLAIMER FOR CONTENTS OF SITE T
he website disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy of the content of this website. Visitors assume the all risk of viewing, reading, using, or relying upon this information. Unless you have otherwise formed an express contract to the contrary with the website, you have no right to rely on any information contained herein as accurate. The website makes no such warranty.
DISCLAIMER FOR HARM CAUSED TO YOUR COMPUTER OR SOFTWARE FROM INTERACTING WITH THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS. VISITOR ASSUMES ALL RISK OF VIRUSES, WORMS, OR OTHER CORRUPTING FACTORS.
The website assumes no responsibility for damage to computers or software of the visitor or any person the visitor subsequently communicates with from corrupting code or data that is inadvertently passed to the visitor’s computer. Again, visitor views and interacts with this site, or banners or pop-ups or advertising displayed thereon, at his own risk.
DISCLAIMER FOR HARM CAUSED BY DOWNLOADS
Visitor downloads information from this site at his own risk. Website makes no warranty that downloads are free of corrupting computer codes, including, but not limited to, viruses and worms.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
By viewing, using, or interacting in any manner with this site, including banners, advertising, or pop-ups, downloads, and as a condition of the website to allow his lawful viewing, Visitor forever waives all right to claims of damage of any and all description based on any causal factor resulting in any possible harm, no matter how heinous or extensive, whether physical or emotional, foreseeable or unforeseeable, whether personal or business in nature.
INDEMNIFICATION
Visitor agrees that in the event he causes damage, which the Website is required to pay for, the Visitor, as a condition of viewing, promises to reimburse the Website for all.
SUBMISSIONS
Visitor agrees as a condition of viewing, that any communication between Visitor and Website is deemed a submission. All submissions, including portions thereof, graphics contained thereon, or any of the content of the submission, shall become the exclusive property of the Website and may be used, without further permission, for commercial use without additional consideration of any kind. Visitor agrees to only communicate that information to the Website, which it wishes to forever allow the Website to use in any manner as it sees fit. “Submissions” is also a provision of the Privacy Policy.
NOTICE
No additional notice of any kind for any reason is due Visitor and Visitor expressly warrants an understanding that the right to notice is waived as a condition for permission to view or interact with the website.
DISPUTES
As part of the consideration that the Website requires for viewing, using or interacting with this website, Visitor agrees to use binding arbitration for any claim, dispute, or controversy (“CLAIM”) of any kind (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this purchase, this product, including solicitation issues, privacy issues, and terms of use issues. Arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association which are in effect on the date a dispute is submitted to the American Arbitration Association. Information about the American Arbitration Association, its rules, and its forms are available from the American Arbitration Association, 335 Madison Avenue, Floor 10, New York, New York, 10017-4605. Hearing will take place in the city or county of the Seller. In no case shall the viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer have the right to go to court or have a jury trial. Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer will not have the right to engage in pre-trial discovery except as provided in the rules; you will not have the right to participate as a representative or member of any class of claimants pertaining to any claim subject to arbitration; the arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding with limited rights of appeal. The prevailing party shall be reimbursed by the other party for any and all costs associated with the dispute arbitration, including attorney fees, collection fees, investigation fees, travel expenses.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE
If any matter concerning this purchase shall be brought before a court of law, pre- or post-arbitration, Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer agrees to that the sole and proper jurisdiction to be the state and city declared in the contact information of the web owner unless otherwise here specified. In the event that litigation is in a federal court, the proper court shall be the closest federal court to the Seller’s address.
APPLICABLE LAW
Viewer, visitor, member, subscriber or customer agrees that the applicable law to be applied shall, in all cases, be that of the state of the Seller.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Mailing address:
San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc.
PO Box 421062
San Diego, CA 92142-9998
USA
Contact Email: webmaster@sd4wheel.com, All Rights Reserved.Privacy PolicyWelcome to www.sd4wheel.com (the “Site”).We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business.This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site (“Visitors”) who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register to transact business on the Site and make use of the various services offered by San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. (collectively, “Services”) (“Authorized Customers”).
“Personally Identifiable Information”
refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, social security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: the names, addresses, phone numbers and email addresses of Authorized Customers, the nature and size of the business, and the nature and size of the advertising inventory that the Authorized Customer intends to purchase or sell.
What organizations are collecting the information?
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
With whom may the information may be shared? P
ersonally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?
Personally Identifiable Information collected by San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. except for use as indicated above.
What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at San Diego 4 Wheelers P.O. BOX 421062 SAN DIEGO, CA 92142-9998
Are Cookies Used on the Site?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
How does San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. use login information?
San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?
San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors.Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to comply with law. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
How does the Site keep Personally Identifiable Information secure?
All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?
Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at webmaster@sd4wheel.com
Can a Visitor delete or deactivate Personally Identifiable Information collected by the Site?
We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site’s database by contacting . However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor’s entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?
We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure.
Links:
www.sd4wheel.com contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to webmaster@sd4wheel.com or write us:
San Diego 4 Wheelers P.O. BOX 421062 SAN DIEGO, CA 92142-9998
We take great pride in the relationship of trust and we are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83(c)(2), San Diego 4 Wheelers Association, Inc. does not share guests’ personal information with other companies or others outside for those parties’ direct marketing use unless a guest elects that we do so. For more information about our privacy and data collection policies, you may wish to review our Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any site where this policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to webmaster@sd4wheel.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.Linking PolicyStatus of linking policy
www.sd4wheel.com welcomes links to this website made in accordance with the terms of this linking policy. This linking policy is intended to assist you when linking to this website. OR By using this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this linking policy.
Links to www.sd4wheel.com
Links pointing to www.sd4wheel.com should not be misleading. Appropriate link text should be always be used.
From time to time we may update the URL structure of our website, and unless we agree in writing otherwise, you are responsible for updating said links.
You must not use our logo to link to this website (or otherwise) without our express written permission. You must not frame the content of this website or use any similar technology in relation to the content of this website.
Links from this website
This website includes links to other websites owned and operated by third parties. These links are not endorsements or recommendations.
www.sd4wheel.com has no control over the contents of third party websites, and www.sd4wheel.com accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Removal of links
You agree that, should we request the deletion of a link to www.sd4wheel.com that is within your control, you will delete the link promptly. If you would like us to remove a link to your website that is included on www.sd4wheel.com, please contact us using the contact details below. Note that unless you have a legal right to demand removal, such removal will be at our discretion.
Changes to this linking policy
We may amend this linking policy at any time by publishing a new version on this website.
Contact us
Should you have any questions about this linking policy, please contact us using the details set out below:
Contact Email: webmaster@sd4wheel.com, All Rights Reserved.Refund Policywww.sd4wheel.com may, but are under no obligation to, honor requests for refunds. All sales are final.
Calendar of Events
Jan 2021
23rd Annual Superstition Mountain Run is cancelled
01/15/2021 - 01/17/2021
King of the Hammers @ Johnson Valley
01/29/2021 - 02/07/2021
Mar 2021
59th Annual Tierra Del Sol's Desert Safari
03/05/2021 - 03/07/2021
Easter Jeep Safari
03/27/2021 - 04/04/2021
Apr 2021
SD4Wheelers Moab Adventure
04/18/2021 - 04/24/2021
May 2021
Pinyon Mountain Run
05/01/2021
Overland Expo West in Flagstaff, AZ
05/14/2021 - 05/16/2021
Cal4Wheel High Desert Roundup
05/28/2021 - 05/31/2021
D4W Memorial Day overland trip on the Mojave Road
05/28/2021 - 05/31/2021
Jun 2021
IE4Wheelers Big Bear Forest Fest
06/18/2021 - 06/20/2021
Aug 2021
Banzai Run (#Rocklanding) to the Eastern Sierra Mountains
08/15/2021 - 08/22/2021
See All Events