http://www.absurdtrivia.com/docs/privacy/
Menu
TV Trivia
Movie Trivia
Music Trivia
Celebrity Trivia
+ More
Privacy Policy
Last updated 25th May 2018
Collection and use of information fom visitors (Both non-members and members)
Like most websites, Absurd Trivia automatically collects information from all visitors through our server logs. This information includes your ip address, hostname, browser, operating system and country and language information. We may install a cookie on your system in an effort to identify your movement through Absurd Trivia. Information is recorded for the sole purpose of obtaining demographic information on who's using our site. We do not collect personally identifiable information from visitors who are not registered members, nor do we give, sell or trade any information collected with any third parties.
Collection and use of information fom registered members
Upon registration we ask for more detailed information such as your name, username, email, location, age and gender. We also log the date and time of registration along with your ip address. We send all new members an email in an effort to verify their email address is correct. Upon a successful verification we will again log the date, time and ip address of verification. All information logged during the registration process is for the exclusive use of Absurd Trivia. We do not sell, rent,
trade or give such information to any third parties.
We reserve the right to send you email communications with relation to your Absurd Trivia account and the services we offer. Such email include special announcements and administrative messages. We do not operate any newsletters.
You can cancel your membership with Absurd Trivia at any time. Upon cancellation we shall remove all personal account data from our active database, however it will take a little longer for data be deleted from our archived backups. If you have added quiz content to Absurd Trivia and later cancel your account, that content will remain in Absurd Trivia.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize unique “cookies” on your browser.
Third Party Social Networks
We provide the ability to use either Facebook or Twitter to create and log into an Absurd Trivia account. This feature is optional, and only works if you have an existing account with the social network in question.
If you make use of this feature then the social network in question will provide us with limited personal information on you, such as name, email and friends lists. This information is only used to manage your account with us and is never shared. If you close your account, this information is removed from our active database.
You may also encounter like or share buttons on our site which make it simple to share out content accross social networks. Theses buttons may provide third party social networks with information on the page you are visiting.
See the important links section below for more information on the privacy policies of various social networks.
Important links
Contact Us regarding you account/data
Opt out of Targetted Advertising
Googles privacy policy
Facebooks privacy policy
Twitters privacy policy
Logged in players can create a quizand have their scores saved
Contact Us © Copyright 2009 Absurd Trivia