http://www.classicjourneys.com/privacy/
Find my Trip
BY REGION
Cuba
Italy
France
Europe at Large
North America
Central & South America
Asia & Pacific
Africa
All Regions
BY TOUR TYPE
Culture + Walking
Culinary
Family
Multisport
River Cruising
Special Edition
All tours
BY DEPARTURE DATE
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
All dates
requesting...
Privacy Policy
At Classic Journeys our goal is to make your vacation exceptional. To help us achieve this goal, the more we know about our guests, the more we can assist you with your vacation. As we help you plan your trip, we ask for some mandatory and some optional information. In return, we promise to protect this information so that it remains confidential.What Information We Ask for and When You can reserve a trip or make a reservation by contacting us by phone, fax, email or by visiting our website. At that time, we will ask you to provide some basic information (including your name, address, phone number and credit card number and expiration date) so that we can identify you, contact you and process your reservation. Sometimes, we may need more information in order to allow us to provide you with our high level of guest service. Below is a description of some of the extra information we may require.Health Condition: We may need information about your age, gender and general health so that we can assist in safeguarding your personal health and safety.Dietary Restrictions / Limitations / Preferences: We understand that many guests prefer or are required to follow certain diets. We try to accommodate these choices and needs whenever possible. To accomplish this, your dietary preferences need to be recorded in your guest record. This information is then transferred to your Classic Journeys guides, who contact the various restaurants and hotels we work with to ensure that your requirements can be met.Flight and Passport Information: If we are assisting you with any flight arrangements in conjunction with your trip, we will request your full name as it appears on your passport and your passport number for international flights. Even if we are not assisting you with your flight arrangements, we will request your flight information in order to provide you with any necessary airport transfers and/or to ensure that you will have adequate time to arrive at the airport for your flights. For some trips, we request passport information because it is required by our local service providers (for example, a hotel or a ship) or to facilitate your transportation while on a Classic Journeys trip.What Our On-line Privacy Policy Covers Our Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on the Classic Journeys' website and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that Classic Journeys, our affiliates and business partners share with us or that we may collect on a business partner's website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Classic Journeys does not own or control, or to people that Classic Journeys does not employ or manage.How We Collect Information We constantly seek to improve our website and the online services we offer. As part of these efforts, we collect and analyze certain information about visitors to our website. This data includes (but is not limited to) domain and/or web browser information. We may track which website you visited before arriving at our site and the website you link to when you leave www.classicjourneys.com. In order to provide you with E-NEWS and other online services, we may request that you voluntarily provide us with personal information including your name and e-mail address.How We Use the Information We may use information you have given us to provide a service, measure guest interest in certain new products and inform you about products and services. If you have provided your e-mail address to us or to a company we have partnered with to make their products and services available to you, we may send you e-mail offers. We may also send you e-mail offers if you have provided your e-mail address to a third party and have actively chosen or requested, on an opt-in basis, to receive e-mail offers from other parties. When we send e-mails to you, we may be able to identify information about your e-mail address, such as whether you can read html e-mails with graphics. If your e-mail address can read an html email, we may choose to send you emails in that manner. You can opt-out from receiving e-mail offers from Classic Journeys by choosing the unsubscribe feature on any email from us.How and When We Might Share Your Information We may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:• We have your consent to share the information.• We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested.• We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Classic Journeys to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.• When we respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.Changes to this Privacy Policy We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will post an announcement on our website.