https://www.aovc.co.uk/privacy-statement
Login
Register
Forgotten Password?
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Directory
Events
Articles
Buy & Sell
The Association of Old VehicleClubs in Northern Ireland
The Association of Old Vehicle Clubs in Northern Ireland
The Association consists of 24 affiliated clubs dedicated to providing their members with a way of enjoying the most from the use of their vehicles and a chance to meet with other like-minded people.
Club Directory
Website privacy policy
Key details
This privacy policy describes how The Association of Old Vehicle Clubs in Northern Ireland Limited protects and makes use of the information you provide when you register with our website, submit an advert on our Buy and Sell section, submit an Entry Form for an AOVC event and/or become the Secretary or AOVC Delegate for an AOVC affiliated Club. All information you provide will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.This policy is updated from time to time to keep it up todate with legal requirements.. The latest version is published on this page.
Please regularly check our website for the latest version of our privacy policy.
The current privacy policy was updated on: 28/06/2018.
The Data Controller responsible for this website is The Asociation of Old Vehicle Clubs in Northern Ireland Limited, our registration number is
NI 13380 who can be contacted at the registered office 38 Ballymaconnell Road, Bangor, Co. Down, BT20 5PS and by email to
datacontroller@aovc.co.uk.
This website contains links to third-party websites, which have their own datacontrollers and privacy policies.
This privacy policy applies only to this website.
Introduction
We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services including entering one of our events, notifying you of future events or news of interest to old vehicle owners and to enable certain functions on this website.We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
What data we gather
We may collect the following information:
Name.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Details of vehicle details and meal preferences for Events entered.
Other information relevant to enquiries.
Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys.
Details you have submitted in any advertisements you place on our website Buy & Sell section.
For AOVC Club Secretaries & Delegates the name of your Club and contact details for your 3 nominated AOVC Delegates eligible to attend AOVC Meetings.
How we use this data
Collecting this data enables us to process any entries you submit and comply with our contractual obligations when you enter an AOVC event, become the Secretary and/or Delegate of an AOVC affiliated Club and helps us understand what you are looking from the association, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records.
In the organisation of any AOVC events you have entered.
To provide pre/post event publicity and provide entrants with a list of all enbtrants and details of each vehicle entered.
To improve the products and services we provide.
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry.
To customise the website for you.
To send you promotional emails, newsletters about events, products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you. You can "unsubscribe" at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of all our newsletters.
To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To contact you via email, telephone or mail.
To comply with legal and statutory requirements.
As you may authorise or consent to from time to time.
How we protect and store your personal information
We have implemented and maintain appropriate technical measures and procedures to protect all the personal information you share with us and safeguard the privacy of such information.
These include the use of Transport Layer Security (TLS also known as SSL "secure sockets layer") for transmitting data submitted via our website.  This is industry standard encryption used to protect online transaction channels.
Third Parties
We work closely with a number of service providers for the provision of services on our behalf and in these cases will ensure your data is secure and will not be used for marketing purposes.
Apart from above we do not sell or share your personal data with any other parties.
Our site is hosted with Blacknight Internet Solutions Limited (Company Number: 370845). Unit 12A, Barrowside Business Park, Sleaty Road, Graiguecullen, Carlow, Ireland R93 X265.Blacknight logs all visits to our website in order to determine the causes of reported faults and to detect and block suspicious traffic.  The log records the time of the visit, your IP address, the requested resource, the referring site if specified by your browser and your browser's user agent string (which will usually include the name and version of your browser and operating system).  Log files are deleted after ninety days.
You can view Blacknight's privacy policy.
Facebook page widget.
When you view a page containing the Facebook profile widget, your browser connects to Facebook.  For more information on how Facebook handles the data it collects, see Facebook's privacy policy.
Twitter profile widget.
When you view a page containing the Twitter page widget, your browser connects to Twitter.  For more information on how Twitter handles the data it collects, see Twitter's privacy policy.
Online Newsletters.
We use Mailchimp.com to send online Newsletters to notify those on our mail list of future events and other old velated relate information.   You can unsubscibe from these at any time by clicking the unsubsavribve link at the bottom or each Newsletter or a request by email to datacontroller@aovc.co.uk.  For more information on how Mailchimp  handles the data it collects, see Mailchimp's privacy policy.
Cookies and how we use them
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer's hard drive. It enables our website to identify your computer as you view different pages on our website.Cookies allow websites and applications to store your preferences in order to present content, options or functions that are specific to you. They also enable us to see information like how many people use the website and what pages they tend to visit.
Check out our Cookie policy.
Controlling information about you
When you fill in a form or provide your details on our website, you will see one or more tick boxes allowing you to:
Opt-in to receive from us Entry Forms for future events from the AOVC.
Opt-in to receive marketing communications from our third-party partners.
If you have agreed that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you can change your mind easily, via one of these methods:
Send an email to datacontroller@aovc.co.uk.
.
Write to us at: AOVC, 38 Ballymaconnell Road, Bangor, Co. Down, BT20 5PS.
We will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.
How the law protects you
Data protection laws state that we are only able to process personal data if we have valid reasons to do so. The basis for processing your personal data includes, but is not limited to, your consent, performance of a contract to enter an AOVC event, inform AOVC affiliated Club Secretaries & Delegates with information relevant to their Club & it's members and processing an advertisement on our Buy and Sell section.
Your rights
The General Protection Data Regulation (GDPR) includes the following rights for individuals.
The right to be informed.
The right of access.
The right to rectification.
The right to erasure.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
The right to object.
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
There are legal and accountancy reasons why we need to keep your data and for this reason we will keep your data for seven years.
Security
We will always hold your information securely.To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards in cluding BitLocker encryption and secure backups.We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the GDPR.
Links from our site
Our website may contain links to other websites.Please note that we have no control of websites outside the AOVC domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
Passwords
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website including adverts you have submitted you are responsible for keeping the password confidential.  We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Club of the Month
Past Events
read more +
30 MCC Informal winter run
Saturday 5 December
2020
read more +
Ten Pin Bowling Night
Tuesday 1 December
2020
read more +
Club Dinner Dance ( Postponed to November 2021 )
Saturday 21 November
2020
read more +
Dinner Dance Cancelled
Friday 20 November
2020
Latest Articles
read more +
NI MOT Exemption Announcement
At long last it has actually happened!!
From today we now have a 40 year Exemption from the MOT bringing us into line with...
read more +
MOT exemptions for Historic Vehicles
Nichola Mallon Department for Infrastructure Minister announced in the Assembly on 21st September that the MOT exemption for Historic Vehicles will...
Upcoming Events
AHCNI Christmas Dinner
Saturday 12 December
2020
BOVC Christmas Run
Monday 28 December
2020
DOCC Dinner Dance
Friday 19 February
2021
NEC Classic Motorshow
Friday 12 November
2021
MGOC Dinner Dance
Saturday 20 November
2021
Find Us on Social Media
The Association of Old Vehicle Clubs in Northern Ireland Mailing List
Join AOVC mailing list to receive notification of old vehicle runs and up to date news by clicking sign up
Sign Up
Our Featured Clubs
Some of the many clubs that make up our Association
30MCC
AHCNI
BDVC
BOVC
CDOCV
CDHVC
CAVVC
DOCC
EAOVC
ETCCC
ECC
EVCC
FA105E
MGOC
MUVVC
MMOC
NMCVC
NWVMCC
OLHG
SDOVC
TCNI
UPAC
URC
Latest Posts
NI MOT Exemption Announcement
12th October 2020
MOT exemptions for Historic Vehicles
21st September 2020
Federation of British Historic Vehicle Clubs Survey & Prize Draw
20th July 2020
Useful Links
About
Buy And Sell
Contact Us
Links
Terms
Cookie policy
Contact Us
38 Ballymaconnell Road, Bangor
Co. Down, BT20 5PS
Phone: 028 9146 7886
Mobile: 07710 911356
Email: info@aovc.co.uk
2018 © All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Join The Association of Old Vehicle Clubs in Northern Ireland Mailing List?Signup
Join AOVC mailing list to receive notification of old vehicle runs and up to date news by clicking sign upNo Thanks
Important Information Regarding CookiesAccept & Close
AOVC uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience and to create a secure and effective website for our customers.
By using this site you agree that we may store and access cookies on your devices, unless you have disabled cookies on your browser.
You can find out more on our cookie policy
here.