http://www.svoca.com/privacy
Sections
SVOCA Home Page
Members Central Home
SVOCA Forum
SVOCA Store
Club Information
Club Info
Membership Information
Details
New Member Application
Renewal Application
Club Bylaws
SVOCA Directors
Contact Us
Club Privacy Policy
SVO Resources
SVOCA Forum
SVO Registry
Add Your SVO
See Random Entry
See Statistics
Vin Decode
SVO History
FAQ Sheet
Events Coverage
Old Member Profiles
SVOCA Vendors
SVOCA Vendor List
SVPU.com
PPI
Evergreen Turbo
Merkur Depot
Craft Customs
SVO Club of America Privacy Statement
SVO Club of America has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this website: SVO Club of America.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your
interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit
our site.
This site contains links to other sites. SVO Club of America
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Email Practices
The SVOCA will not sell, or distribute your email
address to anyone. Your email address will be used for notification
of events, or communications  to members of the SVO community.
We will not solicit your purchase of products or services through
email. We will never disclose any other information we have collected about you through any means (Membership, Reunion registration, product sales) to any 3rd parties.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, and message boards
available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes
public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.
Contacting the Webmaster
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web-site, you can contact the BOD, or Webmaster at the addresses below.
The webmaster: webmaster@svoca.com
The Board of Directors: svoca@svoca.com
US Mail:
SVO Club of America
P.O. Box 130
Odenville, Al 35120
Our Website
This website was created solely for the use and enjoyment of SVO owners and enthusiasts.
Attempting to hack or gain
access for any other use will be prosecuted. Using bots to collect emails or other data from our website is prohibited.
Sending SPAM or unsolicited email to our domain will be charged at $100 per email.
SVO Club of America
© Copyright 1998 - 2020
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any
form is prohibited.