https://www.aquaventuremalta.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
AquaVenture Maltadive into a new adventure
Try Diving
Diving Courses
Guided Diving
Prices
Contact
Who we are
Our website address is: https://aquaventuremalta.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
This statement demonstrates AquaVenture Malta’s firm commitment to respecting your privacy. By viewing or downloading any of the materials contained within this Site, you are automatically bound and subject to this privacy policy. Only with your express permission will AquaVenture Malta contact you with offers or information it believes may be of interest to you. This policy also does not apply to information you may provide to us offline. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for this Site.
Your IP Address
An IP address is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that send out Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. AquaVenture Malta does collect your IP address whenever you register, log in, or contact us. This IP Address is kept solely for security purposes, should the need arise, and is not used or distributed. We can and will, however, collect, store, and make use of an IP address to identify any user causing or attempting to cause degradation of service through abuse of this Site, through any illegal activity or otherwise.
Contacting Us
Our Site Contact Form requires users to enter contact information (such as name, email address, etc..). The form will indicate exactly and concisely, which entries are mandatory and which are optional. You may, at any time, request to have your contact details updated or removed from our records.
Disclosure of Personal Information
AquaVenture Malta will only share or disclose personally identifiable information about you to other companies or individuals when we have your explicit consent to share or distribute the information. This also applies for when we may need to comply with court orders, or need to collect a debt of money you may owe AquaVenture Malta. We guarantee that no contact information will be sold or distributed to third-parties. All collected information will be kept entirely confidential and will be stored securely and confidentially.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What rights you have over your data
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
AquaVenture MaltaAddress: Luna Holiday Complex, Triq il-Qarnit, Mellieha, Malta, MLH 4231Phone: +356 7934 9489Email: info@aquaventuremalta.com MTA License Number: DIVE/0005
Copyright 2020 AquaVenture Malta, all rights reserved
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
Info
Blog
Contact
PADI E-Learning
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions