http://www.businessair.com/content/terms-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
This web site and the web sites in the list below * are provided to you by Heartland Communications Group, Inc. of Fort Dodge, Iowa. Access to and use of the web sites and the services available at the web sites are subject to the following terms and conditions in this Terms of Use notice. By accessing or using the web sites or downloading materials from the web sites, you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions set forth below without any modification. Please review them carefully. If you do not agree to the terms, do not use the web sites!
© Heartland Communications Group, Inc.1966-2011All Rights Reserved
The copyright on this entire web site is held by Heartland Communications Group, Inc (“Heartland”). All material provided on the web site is protected under United States copyright laws and international copyright laws and treaty provisions. Except as expressly provided herein, none of the material provided on the web site may be copied, distributed, republished, reproduced, downloaded, displayed or transmitted in any form for commercial use without prior written permission of Heartland. Individual visitors of the web site are permitted personal, non-commercial use, provided that they do not modify the materials and that the materials retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. The permission terminates automatically if you breach any of the terms and conditions contained in this notice.  Heartland does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights, or trade secret laws.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively referred to as “Trademarks”) displayed on this web site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Heartland and no trademark license either express or implied is granted by Heartland. You do not have any right to use the trademarks displayed on this web site without prior written permission of Heartland. Trademarks are one of our most valuable assets. In the event of unauthorized use or misuse of its trademarks, Heartland will pursue its legal remedies without delay.
Electronic Information Submitted to the Web Site
Any communication or material other than your personal information submitted to the web site by electronic mail is the exclusive property of Heartland and is considered to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. Such communication may include without limitation questions, comments, suggestions, and ideas. Heartland shall be free to use them for any purpose whatsoever without restriction or compensation.
DMCA Notice
Heartland and its affiliated organizations respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our content partners and those posting to this site to do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied and is accessible on this site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with sufficient information to allow us to locate the material, including the following information:
The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and a description of the infringing activity.
Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the URL of the web site where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published.
Identification of the URL or other specific location on this site where the material that you claim is infringing is located.
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
The copyright owner, its agent, or the law does not authorize a statement that you have a good faith belief the disputed use.
A statement by you, that the above information you provide us is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the behalf of the copyright owner.
Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on this site can be reached as follows:
Ms. Amy Plummer10th Floor Equitable Building604 Locust, Suite 1000Des Moines, Iowa 50309-3715(515) 245-6789(515) 244-1328 (FAX)adplummer@smithlawiowa.com
Disclaimer
THE INFORMATION IN THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. HEARTLAND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR TECHNICAL INACCURACIES IN THIS WEB SITE.
Heartland is constantly improving its products and services and reserves the right to make such improvements or changes to this web site, the materials, products, services, or prices posted in this web site without prior notice, as it deems necessary.
As a convenience to you, Heartland provides links to web sites operated by others. Heartland makes no representations about other web sites accessed from this web site which are not maintained, controlled or created by Heartland and does not endorse any linked web sites or the information appearing on those web sites. Links do not imply that Heartland endorses, is affiliated with, or associated with such linked web sites.
Contacting this Web Site
Users can email:  info@hlipublishing.com
Users can send mail to the following postal address:Heartland Communications Group, Inc. 1003 Central Avenue Fort Dodge, Iowa 50501
Users can call this telephone number: (515) 574-2104 (800) 247-2000
For questions and comments about our web sites and/or our privacy policy, email privacy@hlipublishing.com or call (515) 574-2104 and ask for Jon Berg, Director of Information Services.
*Partial list of web sites owned and operated by Heartland Communications Group, Inc.
hlipublishing.com
agdeal.com
acreagelife.com
mfgspotlight.com
aviatorshotline.com
businessair.com
contractorshotline.com
attachmentconnection.com
thepartsconnection.org
hotlineguides.com
familyfishandgame.com
industrialmachinetrader.com
heartlandlistmarketing.com
agdealmall.com