http://www.themagicinpixels.com/privacy-policy/
The Magic in Pixels
The ORIGINAL Disney Theme Park Photography Site – Since 2006
HOME
Articles
Photo Gallery Updates
Picture of the Day
Picture of the Day Wall
Photography 101
Photographic Essays
Bill Iadonisi Reports
Reviews
Post-Processing
Where in the World?
General
News
Themes
Contests
Forum
PHOTOS
Pixelmania!
Pixelmania 2014
Pixelmania 2013
Pixelmania 2012
Pixelmania 2011
Pixelmania 2010
Pixelmania 2009
GEAR
SHOPPING
STORE INDEX
MAGIC KINGDOM PRINTS
EPCOT MOUNTED PRINTS
PIXELMANIA MERCHANDISE
PANORAMIC PRINTS
About
About Tim Devine
Contact Me
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
LOGIN
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The Magic in Pixels™, LLC is committed to protecting your personal privacy. The Magic in Pixels™, LLC provides the privacy policy below as a summary of how we safeguard your personal privacy and information.
Information Collection and Use
The Magic in Pixels™, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Cookies
The Magic in Pixels™, LLC uses cookie on it’s site to allow guests a more magical custom experience on this site. Some of our affiliate partners use their own cookie collection. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not share or sell any information gathered on this site to anyone
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we (The Magic in Pixels™, LLC) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Information
If you have questions about this policy please email us.
Like this:Like Loading...
HOME
Articles
Forum
PHOTOS
Pixelmania!
GEAR
SHOPPING
About
LOGIN
© 2006-2020 The Magic In Pixels, LLC is a fan-created website and is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Walt Disney World, the Walt Disney Company, their agents, servants, or employees. Walt Disney World is copyright The Walt Disney Company. All Disney names, titles, and images are copyright The Walt Disney Company. All photographs on this site are owned and copyright The Magic In Pixels, LLC and may not be saved, downloaded, linked to, or reproduced without the express written consent of The Magic In Pixels, LLC; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
%d bloggers like this: