https://www.yuengling.com/privacy/
Personal InformationThis privacy policy has been created to demonstrate our ongoing commitment to safeguarding the privacy of those who use our website.However, to take full advantage of this site it is often necessary for us to request personal information about you. As an example, some personal information may be required should you choose to make a purchase from our online store, participate in sweepstakes or other special promotions, and/or request a newsletter. Yuengling collects personal information only when it’s voluntarily submitted by you – the user.Information and How We Use ItPersonal information we may ask you to input may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, credit card information, and shipping information. Some or all of the information used when you purchase items through our online store, register for a sweepstakes and/or choose to participate in other interactive offerings on our website may be collected. We use the personal information you provide for such things as processing purchases, completing entries for sweepstakes, delivering products and prizes. We use emails to respond to emails that we receive as well as to communicate about other interactive areas of the website. So, we may also send emails regarding promotions, new offerings or features.Website Use InformationLike most other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server log files to collect information about how our website is used. The information we gather by these means may include such things as the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites viewed just before and just after visiting the Yuengling site.What Are Cookies?A cookie is a small data file a website will request to store with your browser. These files often contain unique identifiers that help us customize the website experience for each individual user.How We Use Cookies and the Information they CollectWe use the information you provide for purposes of conducting our business activities. This means providing the products and services you requested, processing your payments, monitoring the use of the service and associated marketing and promotional efforts. Overall, this allows us to improve our content and service offerings as well as customize our site’s content, layout and services.When you visit the Yuengling site, we may assign cookie files to you. This allows us to take note of your activities and preferences. By tracking such activities the computerized servers can customize certain features for each visitor. We may use cookies as a way to prohibit a single individual from submitting multiple sweepstakes entries. We may also use aggregated non-identifiable data collected from visitors in order to discover how the site is being used and how to improve it.As a default, most browsers accept cookies. You may be able to modify your browser to notify you when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. Those who choose not to accept cookies may not be able to use certain functions of the website that require registration – sweepstakes or electronic commerce for example.Who Else Receives Your Personal Information?We do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that uniquely identifies you (such as email addresses or personal details) with anyone other than what is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested. For example, when you make a purchase, we share the information for that purchase with credit card processing companies who process the transaction, and with service providers who help us make this service operate online.Linking to Other SitesYou may be able to link to other websites from the Yuengling site. If you do, please remember that we do not control these external websites. You should always check the privacy policy of the website you are visiting in order to be sure you know how the operator of that website will collect and use data.Choice and the Ability to Opt-In/Opt-OutWe provide users the opportunity to opt out of receiving promotional materials via emails. These opt-out features are located in the registration areas for purchases, newsletter sign-up, and sweepstakes.How Do We Protect Your Information?While any transmission across the Internet can potentially be compromised, we make every reasonable effort to protect your data including SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. You can help protect yourself by guarding your password – do not share it with anyone else. We are not responsible for any unauthorized interception of data.Legal Drinking AgeWe welcome people of legal drinking age to enjoy the Yuengling site for their personal use. The legal age we are speaking of is the legal age in your local jurisdiction. In the United States of America the legal drinking age is 21.Consent and Changes to This PolicyBy using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described herein. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice. Changes to our policy will be posted on this page as a way to keep you informed on what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.QuestionsAny questions about this Privacy Policy should be directed to giftshop@yuengling.com.TERMS OF USEThis website (the “Site”) is provided by D.G. Yuengling & Son, Inc. (Yuengling) for use by its customers, distributors, and other visitors. Your use of the Site is expressly conditioned upon your acceptance of, and agreement to, these Terms of Use. Yuengling reserves the right to refuse access to any person who violates these Terms of Use, or who uses, or attempts to use, the Site for any purpose other than its intended purpose.The Site and all images, drawing, designs, data, text, software, files, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and other information and materials contained on the Site, are the exclusive property of Yuengling or its licensors. You may not reproduce, copy, retransmit, modify or store any of the content of the Site without the express written consent of Yuengling.The Site contains links to other sites on the Internet. These links are provided for the information and convenience of our users. The linked-to sites are not under the control of Yuengling and Yuengling makes no warranties, endorsements, recommendations, or representations whatsoever concerning the content of these other sites.THE INFORMATION AND OTHER MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. YUENGLING DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS ACCURATE OR CURRENT. YUENGLING MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE. ALL IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND THE WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. YUENGLING RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THE CONTENT OF THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.Security PolicySecurity of Personal InformationWe will maintain the confidentiality of all personal information collected in our Stores, our Site and from our Service Provider. We will only disclose such information to employees and Service Provider who require such information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control.Secure ShoppingYour payment and personal information is always safe. When you place orders on our Sites, all of your order information, including your card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our Sites from capturing and viewing your personal information.Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Let's See Some IDYou must be of legal drinking age to enter. Are you over 21?
Yes No
Remember me