http://www.scalefour.org.uk/privacy
Forum
Contact Us
Home
The Society
About the Society
Join Us
Journal: Scalefour News
Area Groups
Society Calendar
Competitions & Challenges
Historical Aspects
Elsewhere
Our Facebook Page
Our Twitter Timeline
Society Shows
Society Shows
Scaleforum
Scalefour North
Scalefour Southwest
Stores & Traders
Scalefour Stores
Public E-Shop
Hosted Traders
Dave Bradwell
Great Central Models
Masokits
London Road Models
External Links
Traders & Suppliers
Publications
Journal: Scalefour News
Guide: Moving to P4
Modellers' Civil Engineering
St Merryn
Alex Jackson
Sharman Wheels Book
All Publications
Portfolio
Members Layouts
Members Portfolio
Members Blogs
Members Websites
Resources
Guide: Moving to P4
Journal: Scalefour News
P4 Track and Wheel Standards
Modelling Resources
External Links
Area Groups (external links)
Finescale Associations
Prototype Societies
Traders & Suppliers
Model Railway Clubs
Magazines & Maps
Photos & Data
Miscellaneous
Members Area
Join Us
Downloads
Scalefour Society Privacy Statement
This statement is also available as a PDF.
Data Protection Act 2018
25th January 2020 (Published on this website: 27th Feb 2020)
1. Introduction
The Scalefour Society is a society that promotes accurate railway
modelling to a scale of 4mm to one foot, and has a membership mainly
in the UK but also in other countries across the world.
As an
essential part of its activities, the Society collects and manages its
members’ data. In doing so, the Society observes English data
protection legislation, and is committed to protecting and respecting
its members’ privacy and rights.
In order to ensure that members are reliably informed about how we
operate, the Society has developed this Privacy Statement.
This
Privacy Statement describes the ways in which the Society collects,
manages, processes, stores and shares information about you as a
result of your membership of the Society.
This Privacy Statement also
provides you with information about how you can have control over the
use of your data.
You should note that the Society will be reviewing this Privacy
Statement on a regular basis in order to keep you fully up-to-date
with our approach to data protection and privacy. If you have any
comments or queries regarding our use of your data please contact the
Society’s General Secretary by email at: secretary@scalefour.org or by
post to: General Secretary (for address details see the ‘Blue Sheet’,
Scalefour News or Society Website)
2. What Information Do We Collect About You
The information that we collect about you may include your name,
home address, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number, as well
as relevant financial and credit card information. This is referred to
as your "personal data". We collect this data in a number of different
ways. For example, you may provide this data directly when filling in
a membership application form, or when corresponding with us by
telephone, e-mail or letter, or when ordering goods or services from
the Society (electronically or otherwise).
We do not expect ever to have to ask for sensitive information
about you (known as “special categories of data”) such as, for
example, details of your racial or ethnic origin or data relating to
your health.
In the unlikely event that it should ever be necessary
to do so, we will provide you with separate details at that time about
how we will protect that information.
3. How Will We Use That Information?
Currently, we use your data for the following purposes:
3.1 To assist in the processing of your order, or to carry out our
obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and
us. For example, this could include packing and delivering orders,
forwarding order details, order fulfilment, the processing of
credit/debit card transactions, fraud prevention, and the provision of
corresponding customer and/or membership services.
3.2 We will use your personal data you provide as a member to
service your membership.
This includes sending renewal information by
mail and email, sending Scalefour News magazine and other Society
information. It is also used to verify you when you contact us or
register for the Members Section/Forum on the Society website.
3.3 Your personal data will be used to enable us to process
financial transactions either for your membership subscription or for
purchases from the Society.
3.4 In certain circumstances, it may be necessary for us to provide
your information to external companies who provide these critical
services to you. We assure you that these companies are not permitted
to use your information for any other purpose. For further information
about these companies, please see section 5 below.
4. How Long Will We Keep Your Data?
Unless you ask us to do so, we will never keep your data for longer
than is necessary for us to complete financial transactions or whilst
you remain a member of the Society.
However, we are required by HMRC
to retain details of the Society's income, including your payments,
for an extended period, currently six years.
Additionally, unless you
ask us to delete them, we will retain your membership number, initial,
surname and date of birth indefinitely in case you decide to rejoin at
a later date.
5. With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Data?
We work with a number of external suppliers who support our
activities. This includes organisations that are critical to
fulfilling customer orders as well as those that help us with
circulation of our publications.
Notwithstanding the above, we assure you that we will only exchange
your data with another organisation where, with your explicit consent,
it is necessary to provide goods or services, or where it is necessary
to fulfil a legal obligation of the Society.
We will never sell your personal data to any external organisation.
6. How Can You Access The Personal Data We Hold?
You have the right to ask us, in writing, for a copy of all the
personal data we hold about you. This is known as a "Subject Access
Request". Except in exceptional circumstances (which we would discuss
and agree with you in advance), you can obtain this information at no
cost.
We will send you a copy of the information within 28 days of
receipt your request.
To make a Subject Access Request, please write to our Membership
Secretary (for address details see the ‘Blue Sheet’, Scalefour News
or Society Website).
7. Updating or Amending Your Personal Data
If, at any time, you want to update or amend your personal data or
consent preferences, please contact our Membership Secretary, as
above.
Any requested and legitimate changes will take effect within
28 days of receipt of your request.
8. Data Privacy and Security
The Society's officers, processes and systems view the protection
and security of our members' data as of high importance.
Officers in
any capacity responsible for personal data are required to maintain
the data in encrypted form, on systems secured against improper use or
corruption through internet security breaches.
Officers transferring
data to other officers use encryption protocols comparable to those of
banks and government agencies.
In addition, officers dealing with
members' financial information are required to follow, and re-certify
annually, compliance with, the Data Security Standards of the payment
card industry, identical to those used in banking and e-commerce
generally.
All officers, on taking up their posts, are made aware, in writing,
of these requirements, and reminded when key documents, such as
membership lists, are distributed.
9. Disclaimers
Every effort is made to ensure that the information provided in
this Privacy Statement is accurate and up-to-date, but no legal
responsibility is accepted for any errors or omissions contained
herein.
We cannot accept liability for the use made by you of the
information on the Society website or in this Privacy Statement or in
any of the Society's publications, neither do we warrant that the
supply of the information will be uninterrupted. All material accessed
or downloaded from the Society website is obtained at your own
risk. It is your responsibility to use anti-virus or anti-malware
software.
This Privacy Statement applies solely to the data collected by us,
and therefore does not apply to data collected by third party websites
and services that are not under our control. Furthermore, we cannot be
held responsible for the Privacy Statements of third parties, and we
advise users to read these carefully before registering any personal
data.
10. Accessibility Statement
Should you require a copy of this Privacy Statement in a different
form, please contact our General Secretary as described in section 1
above.
We cannot guarantee that we can fulfil all requests, but we
will endeavour to help you as much as is practical.
11. General
The Data Controller of the Society is the Committee of The
Scalefour Society, c/o General Secretary (contact via email at
secretary@scalefour.org).
If you are unhappy with how any aspect of this Privacy Statement,
or how your personal information is being processed, please contact
the Data Controller via the contact information above.
If there is a
problem we want to work with you to resolve it.
If you are still not happy, you have the right to complain to the
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), see www.ico.org.uk
About the Society |
Historical Aspects |
Moving to P4 |
Scalefour News |
Join Us |
Resources |
Layouts |
Portfolio |
Area Groups |
Society Shows
Stores |
Public E-Shop |
Publications |
Hosted Traders |
Society Calendar |
Members Websites |
Links |
Members Area |
Downloads
© The Scalefour Society, unless otherwise noted. Privacy Statement. Site map.