https://www.orangeland.com/privacy-policy/
reservations (714) 633-0414
Reserve Now
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.orangeland.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect
With whom it is shared
How it can be corrected
How it is secured
How policy changes will be communicated
How to address concerns over misuse of personal data
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Where we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific jon (e.g, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to this policy a revised privacy policy will be placed on this website.
*If you feel that we are no abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately using the contact information provided on this website.
Tour Our Park
Los Angeles Area Attractions
Whale Watching and Dolphin Cruises
Orange County Attractions
What People Think of Orangeland RV Park
The facilities were clean and the staff was very helpful. By the time we left were on a first name basis with a lot of the staff.
Walk to movie theaters, restaurants and pubs. Within five minutes drive of Disneyland, the mall of Orange and ten or so minutes of great beaches!
Loved picking fruit with the kids. The pool was clean and warm. Loved our visit here and will be coming again!
Cute, clean park with friendly people and plenty to do. Love being able to pick the citrus!
Orangeland RV Park 1600 W. Struck Ave.
Orange, California 92867
(714) 633-0414
contact@orangeland.com
Map