http://www.dippell.com/about/privacy/
Service Leadership Privacy Policy
Quarterly Solution Provider Performance
Product GM% - BIC Profit SPs:
Q4-19 26.2%
Q1-20 26.9%
Q2-20 25.4%
Q3-20 25.5%
Product GM% - Median Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 22.6%
Q1-20 24.0%
Q2-20 21.2%
Q3-20 20.8%
Product GM% - Bottom 1/4 Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 18.7%
Q1-20 19.4%
Q2-20 21.4%
Q3-20 20.4%
Services GM% - BIC Profitability SPs:
Q3-19 50.9%
Q4-19 49.3%
Q1-20 51.5%
Q2-20 50.2%
Q3-20 48.9%
Services GM% - Median Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 40.5%
Q1-20 43.3%
Q2-20 41.4%
Q3-20 42.8%
Services GM% - Bottom 1/4 Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 37.0%
Q1-20 34.3%
Q2-20 32.3%
Q3-20 35.8%
SG&A% - BIC Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 25.1%
Q1-20 24.0%
Q2-20 24.3%
Q3-20 24.0%
SG&A% - Median Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 27.2%
Q1-20 26.8%
Q2-20 27.1%
Q3-20 26.9%
SG&A% - Bottom 1/4 Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 32.8%
Q1-20 28.8%
Q2-20 31.2%
Q3-20 30.4%
EBITDA% - BIC Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 17.6%
Q1-20 20.5%
Q2-20 22.2%
Q3-20 21.8%
EBITDA% - Median Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 7.6%
Q1-20 9.5%
Q2-20 10.1%
Q3-20 9.8%
EBITDA% - Bottom 1/4 Profitability SPs:
Q4-19 -2.1%
Q1-20 0.8%
Q2-20 -1.2%
Q3-20 0.2%
Learn More >
LOGIN >
Total Profit Solutions for IT Companies™
Toggle navigation
IT Solution Providers
Performance Diagnostics
Service Leadership Index Reports
SLIQ
Steps to Accurate Benchmarking
Performance Improvement
SLIQ
Peer Groups
Consulting Services
Mergers & Acquisitions
Speaking & Education
Speaking Engagements
Library
IT Vendors
Channel Strategy
Linking Product Strategy to Channel Strategy
Go-To-Market Strategy
Channel Optimization
Ideal Partner Identification
Partner Recruiting
Partner Program Design
Channel Monitoring & Management
Channel Enablement
Partner Financial Benchmarking
Partner Transformation
Speaking & Education
Library
Service Leadership Privacy Policy
Service Leadership Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to You
Service Leadership, Inc. (“S-L” or “we”) respects the privacy of our customers and online visitors. This Privacy Policy is to inform you of our online information practices, our practices concerning the collection, storage, processing, transfer, and use of personal information and the choices available regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
By submitting your personal information to S-L through this website or accessing or using our services, including our SLIQ software, (collectively, “Site”) you thereby give your consent to the handling of your personal data in the manner described in this policy.
What We Collect and How We Collect It:
For each visitor browsing our Site, our web server automatically recognizes and stores the visitor's IP address (the Internet protocol address of the visitor's computer) to determine which areas of our Site are being visited and how long each visitor spends there. This information helps us to understand visitors' traffic patterns through our sites so that we can enhance the overall usability of our Sites. Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you have activated blocking technology available in some browsers.
If you are not a current S-L subscriber, we do not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information (“personal information”) in order to visit and use our Site. If you wish to communicate with us without being a subscriber, we may ask you to provide us with limited personal information such as your e-mail address and name. The submission of your personal information is voluntary if you choose not to purchase S-L products or services. If you subscribe to or otherwise receive the subscription benefits of the S-L products or services, then we may require you to provide us with certain expanded personal information such as your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, demographic information, persistent identifier (such as user name and password) which is associated with individually identifiable information, and other information that we request. Once you have been granted access to our products and services, then in addition to the personally identifiable data and information associated with your account, we may also collect non-identifying information from you, such as information about you and your company (e.g., revenues, industry, and so forth). We may incorporate this non-identifying information into our application, algorithms, statistical tools and analytics to improve our products, services and Sites, provided that we will not directly identify you in association with such data to a third party. We do not require you to provide sensitive personal information (such as information about your health, political or religious beliefs, criminal offences alleged or committed, sexual orientation), and request that you do not provide us with such information. Any such information you do provide to us of your own volition will be used only in accordance with this policy.
We may also use your information to comply with laws or to defend ourselves in claims under such laws, or where necessary to exercise S-L’s legitimate business interests and needs.
Cookies:
Like many websites, we may employ a standard technology called “cookies” to collect information about how you use our Site and to provide you with a better experience by measuring which areas of our Site are of greatest interest or to remember you when you return to visit us. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You can choose to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the choice of rejecting or accepting the cookie. Cookies may also be used by third parties that provide services on our Site. S-L does not uniformly process do-not-track signals from browsers. However, you may prevent S-L from collecting data using cookies on a browser by blocking third-party cookies in that browser. If you block third-party cookies from being set on your browser, you may not be able to use some features or functionality of, and you may see the same content and advertisements repeatedly on, some websites. Our Site may contain the following types of cookies:
Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary in order to carry out a transaction or request initiated by you. Examples include, remembering information provided by you as you move through the Site to review reports and managing your status during the session.
Functional Cookies: These cookies allow the Site to remember choices you have made in order to provide functionality for your benefit. For example, functional cookies allow the Site to remember settings specific to you, such as your country selection and persistent logged-in state if selected by you.
Analytic Cookies: These cookies allow us to collect data relating to your use of the Site, including the content that you click while browsing the Site, in order to improve the performance and design of the Site. These cookies may be provided to our third party analytics provider but are only used for purposes related to our Site.
Targeting Cookies: These cookies remember information regarding your use of the Site so that we can serve promotional and other targeted information to you on our Site. In some cases these cookies might be set by or disclosed to third parties.
What We Do with Personal Information:
The personal information you provide may be used to support your customer relationship with S-L. We want to use this data to tailor your experience at our Site and with the company generally. If you provide us with personal information, then unless you instruct us otherwise (as described below), we will send you information about our various product upgrades, special offers and other new products and services from S-L that we feel may be of interest to you. Only S-L (or agents working on behalf of S-L) will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. At any time should you choose to, you can opt-out of receiving future promotional mailings by contacting S-L; see the opt-out section below.
S-L will not share your personal information with any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. Your information may be shared with agents or contractors of S-L for the purpose of performing services for S-L. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We use reasonable efforts to only provide third party agents or contractors with the minimum amount of information needed to complete the requested service or transaction. Your information may also be disclosed to third parties where we are legally obliged or entitled to do so, for example in response to a request from a government or regulatory authority or in connection with potential legal proceedings. Without limiting the foregoing, S-L is not responsible for the actions of any government with respect to your information or data.
If we merge with, or any part of the S-L company is acquired by, another business (or enter into discussions concerning the same) we may share your information with such a business and its advisers, but if we do so we will ensure steps are taken so that your rights in relation to your information continue to be protected.
Inquiries or Questions – Your rights:
If you have questions or concerns about S-L policies and practices for handling personal information received through this Site, please contact info@service-leadership.com. In connection with said processing of your personal data please also be aware that: 1. You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not your personal data are processed. 2. You have the right to be informed: a. of the source of your personal data; b. of the purposes and methods of the processing; c. of the data controller’s identity; d. of the entities or categories of entities to whom or which the personal data may be communicated. 3. You have the right to obtain: a. updating, rectification or integration of your data; b. erasure, anonymization or blocking of your data if processed unlawfully. 4. You have the right to object, in whole or in part, a. on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal data, even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection; b. to the processing of your personal data, where it is made for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys.
You understand that if we are required to remove your personal information from our system for any reason (including due to a formal removal request from you) then we may terminate your account if we determine that providing the products and services without your personal information would be impossible or burdensome.
Linked Sites:
Other websites which are linked to/from our Site may have different policies. S-L does not share any personal information collected with those websites and is not responsible for any information or content of such websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those sites for details. S-L is not responsible for and does endorse any information given on any website controlled by legally independent entities.
Security Measures:
We use commercially reasonable measures to protect the personal information you share with us. At S-L, access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. In addition, it is our policy to maintain the integrity of any personal information within our possession. S-L uses many security techniques, such as SET or industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for transmission of credit card information or wherever personal information is required on all web pages, to protect any personal information from unauthorized access by users; however, we cannot and do not guarantee perfect security on the Internet.
How to Opt-Out of Our Use of Your Personal Information:
If you do not subscribe, and have not subscribed in the past, to any S-L products or services, then you may, at any time, opt-out of our use of your personal information by contacting S-L as described below. We will remove your personal information from our database(s) as soon as reasonably possible.
If you currently subscribe to or receive the subscription benefits from any S-L products or services, then you may opt-out of our use of your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes by selecting the “no more” link in the promotional email and follow the directions to opt out. You acknowledge that S-L cannot remove or delete your personal information while you are a current customer.
If you subscribed to or received the subscription benefits from any S-L products or services in the past but are no longer a S-L customer, then you may, at any time, opt-out of our use of your personal information by selecting the "no more" link in the promotional email and follow the directions to opt out. We may retain copies of your personal information for our recordkeeping, audit and other internal purposes, but we will not use your personal information for any marketing purpose or share it with third parties (except as may be required by law).
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Aggregated Information:
S-L may also collect, aggregate and maintain anonymous information about our customers and the online visitors to our Site. This data can then be used to tailor S-L Site content to deliver a better experience for our visitors. In addition, S-L may also share such aggregate information about our visitors with business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Policy Governs Use; Changes to Privacy Policy:
The terms of this policy will govern the use and any information collected while it is in place. S-L reserves the right to change this policy at any time and we therefore encourage you to check back on our Site from time to time. Changes to this privacy policy are effective at the time they are posted to our Site. Last update: July 2018.
GDPR (EU General Data Protection Regulation)
We're meeting the new requirements for how we process EU personal data. We embrace these changes, and our policy updates reflect the transparency that this new law requires. Please see GDPR for additional information.
Questions and Contact Information:
For any questions or comments regarding this S-L privacy policy or Site please contact info@service-leadership.com.
IT Solution Providers
Performance Diagnostics
Service Leadership Index Reports
SLIQ
Steps to Accurate Benchmarking
Performance Improvement
SLIQ
Peer Groups
Executive Coaching
Consulting Services
Mergers & Acquisitions
Speaking & Education
Speaking Engagements
Library
IT Vendors
Channel Strategy
Linking Product Strategy to Channel Strategy
Go-To-Market Strategy
Channel Optimization
Ideal Partner Identification
Partner Recruiting
Partner Program Design
Channel Monitoring & Management
Channel Enablement
Partner Financial Benchmarking
Partner Transformation
Speaking & Education
Library
About
News & Events
Contact
Service Leadership, Inc.
5800 Granite Parkway, Suite 460
Plano, TX 75024
Phone: 972-798-1288
Fax: 469-362-1179
General Information:
info@service-leadership.com
Stay Up to Date with Service Leadership
First Name
Last Name
E-mail
Company
By clicking "Subscribe Now" you agree to receive email communications from us.
Thank You
You're signed up to receive our email communications.
© 2001- Privacy Policy GDPR
Follow @S_LIndex
Contact Us