http://www.myfishtank.net/privacy
ABOUT   |
CONTACT
|
ADVERTISE   |   FACEBOOK
FRESHWATER FISH PROFILES
SALTWATER FISH PROFILES     PLANTS & CORALS     INVERTS     EQUIPMENT
FORUM
ARTICLES     GALLERY     RESOURCES/LINKS
Privacy
This is the privacy policy of MyFishTank.Net.
We respect your right to your privacy. To that end, any information that can or is collected on MyFishTank.Net (known as MFT) will never be sold or shared. Personal information is required if you become a member of the forum and any information collected from that process is kept private and never released. Your email address is used for your personal forum account on MFT and to receive occasional email from MFT and never directly from any other companies or website.
This site collect cookies in the following way:
1. To remember your login information when you visit MFT so you don’t have to log in each time.
2. Some coupons/offers will use cookies to track your visit in order to credit MFT for any commissions or sales. These cookies are anonymous and do not contain any personal information about you. It is used just for that particular tracking situation.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this privacy statement page. If you have any questions, please contact info @ myfishtank.net
Thank you for visiting MyFishTank.Net and hope you have a great time here!
Disclaimer:
MyFishTank.Net and the blogs, articles, comments and other features therein are for informational purposes only and provided “as is” without warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind. Content on MyFishTank.Net should never be used as a substitute for advice from a qualified professional. MyFishTank.Net shall not be liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any content, and you agree to hold MyFishTank.Net harmless from any loss, harm, injury or damage resulting from or arising out of your use of or reliance on any content. The views and opinions expressed in an article or column are the author’s own and not necessarily those of MyFishTank.Net.
MOST VIEWED:
Zeus is a 980lbs giant manta ray that was living happily at an Atlantis resort as part of a research and release program was released to the... [Read more]
How great would it be to not change the water in your fish tank? No more lugging water and spilling water everywhere. That’s where the... [Read more]
The Zebra Striped Turbo Snail
is an awesome addition to your fish tank! We’re updating this profile so check back again but in the meantime,... [Read more]
The Zebra Moray Eel
is an awesome addition to your fish tank! We’re updating this profile so check back again but in the meantime, if... [Read more]
ABOUT   |
CONTACT
|
PRIVACY   |
MFT GEAR   |
FACEBOOK
|
ADVERTISE
Copyright © 2000–2020
MyFishTank.Net and the blogs, articles, comments and other features therein are for informational purposes only and provided "as is" without warranties, representations, or guarantees of any kind. Content on MyFishTank.Net should never be used as a substitute for advice from a qualified professional. MyFishTank.Net shall not be liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any content, and you agree to hold MyFishTank.Net harmless from any loss, harm, injury or damage resulting from or arising out of your use of or reliance on any content. The views and opinions expressed in an article or column are the author's own and not necessarily those of MyFishTank.Net.