http://www.dogzonline.com.au/members/terms.asp
Home
Member Section
Member Terms and Conditions
Membership Terms and Conditions
By becoming a member of our site, you agree to these terms and conditions in full.
General Membership Conditions
Our Privacy Policy and Web Site Terms and Conditions constitute part of the Membership Terms and Conditions.
Membership is only open to residents of Australia who are current financial members of their state ANKC canine association. If at any time you become unfinancial (or suspended) with your state ANKC association, your membership to our site will be removed.
Use of this site to advertise dogs and puppies not registered with a state ANKC canine association is strictly prohibited.
When joining our site, you need to supply a copy of your current state ANKC organisation membership card which displays your membership number and registered breeder prefix (if applicable). In addition, you give us permission to verify your membership status with the
state ANKC canine association at any time.
We reserve the right to delete, cancel, alter or refuse any listing or membership at any time without giving you a reason. (See refund policy below). You acknowledge that you will have no right to legal recompense from us if we do this apart from a refund of any monies paid for the current membership period.
If any of these membership terms and conditions are not met, we reserve the right to cancel your membership (see refund policy below).
Advertising Conditions
All advertising claims on the site must be factual. If including a pedigree on a dog profile, all dog's names must be correct.
Advertising is for your personal use only. The exception to this condition is that you are permitted
to have dog profiles for dogs that you have bred as long as you have the registered owners permission. You also also permitted to submit show results (eg pointscore results) on behalf of others if you have their permission.
Under no circumstances can you advertise puppies or dogs on behalf of others. If you advertise puppies, you need to be the registered owner of the bitch.
You must own the copyright for any photo that you upload to our site (or have paid for the photo or have permission from the photographer).
A profile of a dog can only be listed once on the site. If there is any dispute of whether a dog can appear on the site or not, the current registered owner (as per the registration certificate) will have final say. In the case of a disagreement between joint owners, the dog will not appear on the site.
Advertising on our site is to sell your puppies and to promote yourself and your dogs. Under no circumstances can our site be used
for any personal grievances with others or to promote personal agendas or views about the dog world in general or your views of other breeders or their practices.
Selling Puppies
You need to have a registered ANKC breeder prefix in order to have a breeder listing on our site or to advertise puppies for sale. (Ads from NZ breeders need to have a valid NZKC prefix).
All puppies for sale must be pure bred from ANKC registered parents. Puppies must also be registered (or intending to be registered) with the ANKC. No other registry is permitted.
Every effort must be made to adhere to the breed standard when breeding. If we believe that you are purposely breeding against the breed standard (eg breeding undesirable colours and/or advertising the colours as rare), your membership of our site will be removed.
If accepting deposits for puppies, you must give to the puppy buyer, clear written details of what your refund policy is BEFORE accepting the deposit. Regardless of what your refund policy is, if the sale of the puppy does not go ahead due to an act by you, you must give a full refund if requested by the buyer within 7 days. Generally we do not condone accepting deposits before pups are born.
You must ensure that all dogs/puppies that you re-home are in the best possible state of health and cleanliness. Where a dog with a health issue or disability is re-homed, you must obtain from the recipient, written and signed acknowledgement of the condition of the dog. Your membership will be removed if you re-home a dog with a medical condition that you should have known about when re-homing without getting that acknowledgement.
Vaccination certificates should be given to the purchaser at the time of purchase or be sent to the purchaser within 14 days if the pup was not personally collected (eg interstate sale).
ANKC registration papers (where required to be given to the purchaser by your state ANKC organisation) need to be sent to the purchaser within 90 days of the pup being re-homed. If you anticipate delays, the buyer is to be kept up to date with the status of the papers. If a puppy buyer has paid for your pup, they need to get everything they paid for within a reasonable time (regardless of how long the ANKC gives you to register the pups).
The Code of Ethics as prescribed by your state ANKC Canine Association must be adhered to.
Our aim is to give the puppy buyer a good experience, so if we receive valid complaints regarding your conduct, the condition of a pup you sold or if you fail to adhere to our rules for selling puppies, we may remove your membership.
Refund Policy
Except where required by law, no refunds will be given once you place any ad on our site.