https://www.allstarpuzzles.com/help/privacy.html
Home
Contact
Help
Log Innot logged in
TOPICS
Main Help Page
About
Contact
Privacy Statement
Java Troubleshooting
Logic Problem Help
Links
Awards and Reviews
Privacy Policy
All-Star Puzzles
All-Star Puzzles is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of its users.
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
Consumer Information
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you
visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click
stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over)
during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third
party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice
or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
During the process of delivering an ad to you, All-Star Puzzles or its advertising agents does
not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number,
or e-mail address. However, All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents does obtain some types of
non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to
the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or
Windows, for example). The information collected by All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents is
used for the purpose of targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of our advertisers.
Information All-Star Puzzles Collects
To enable All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents to provide better targeting
to you and appropriate reporting for our advertisers, All-Star Puzzles and its advertising
agents collects several types of non-personally-identifiable information about consumers who
are served ads by the All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents network. This information includes:
Your IP address: a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet.
The type of information that All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents can
infer from the IP address is geographic location.
Your domain: e.g., .com, .net, or .edu. This is standard information that is available with all communication sent on the Internet.
Other information that All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents can infer consists of:
Operating system: e.g., Windows, DOS, Macintosh, or UNIX;
Browser version and type: e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer;
Internet Service Provider (ISP): e.g., MindSpring or AOL;
Clickstream information: All-Star Puzzles and its advertising agents can infer how you use the
sites and pages on the internet, and can infer your local time.
In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a specific ad
(this ad may ask you to fill out a survey or provide your zip code).
If this does occur, All-Star Puzzles or its advertising agents may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser.
This information is used by an advertiser to respond to your request.
In addition, All-Star Puzzles or its agents may combine this information
with other users' information and review it in an aggregate form to understand
the type of individuals who view a specific type of ad or visit a particular kind of website.
Data Collection
All-Star Puzzles or its advertising agents may use "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web.
All-Star Puzzles cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART
cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What are cookies and why do we use them?
A cookie is a unique number that is provided to you the first time a
All-Star Puzzles
advertising agent utilising this technology serves you an ad. Cookies can help advertisers target ads
to you, reducing multiple ad views. While we believe cookies enhance your Internet experience
by limiting the number of times you see the same ad and delivering more relevant content to
you, they are not required for All-Star Puzzles to deliver advertising banners to you.
If you do not want the benefit of the advertiser's network cookie, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.
Note that All-Star Puzzles also uses cookies for implementation of the Save button.
If you have any additional questions about All-Star Puzzles dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us at
.
All-Star Puzzles WORKS WITH THIRD PARTIES THAT SERVE ADS TO THIS SITE. TO FIND OUT MORE ABOUT HOW OUR ADVERTISERS MANAGE THE PRIVACY OF INFORMATION IN CONJUNCTION WITH SERVING ADS ON THIS SITE, PLEASE EMAIL US AND WE CAN PROVIDE YOU WITH THE NAMES OF OUR ADVERTISING AGENCIES.
Specific privacy information regarding our advertising with MaxOnline:
Third Party Advertising
We use MaxOnline and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here
http://www.maxonline.com/privacy_policy/index.php
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser.
Copyright © 2002-2020 All-Star Puzzles.
All rights reserved.
Contact
| Help
| Privacy Policy