http://www.uintabrewing.com/privacy
Featured Brews
Hop Nosh
IPA
Hazy Nosh
Hazy IPA
Cutthroat
Pale Ale
Our Brews
Accolades
Beer Archive
Where to Buy
Explore Our Craft
Our sense of adventure helps us dream up bold new beers with fresh eyes (and taste buds).
Who We Are
We've built a team that shares a need for adventure and really amazing beer of course.
Brewery
Our Craft
Our Story
Our People
Brewhouse Pub
Small Batch Series
Brewery Tour
Uinta Events
We're always on the move. Stay in the know and find an upcoming Uinta event near you.
Community
Events
Friends & Partners
Sponsorship Request
UINTA GEAR
Pack the Uinta. Anytime, anywhere.
Shop All Products
T-Shirts
Hats
Accessories
#uintabrewing #packtheuinta
FRESH BEER HERE
Our Brews
Brewery
Community
Store
Our Brews
Brewery
Community
Store
Our Brews
Back Our Brews Accolades Beer Archive Where to Buy
Brewery
Back Brewery Our Craft Our Story Our People Brewhouse Pub Small Batch Series Brewery Tour
Community
Back Community Events Friends & Partners Sponsorship Request
Store
Back Shop All Products T-Shirts Hats Accessories
Privacy Policy
Uinta Brewing Company's intention is to protect personal information while offering various opportunities on our website.
USING PERSONAL INFORMATION Uinta Brewing Company intends to protect your (the user's) privacy. In certain circumstances, it will be necessary to request personal information about you should you want to participate in a promotion, contest, purchase something from our currently non-existent e-store (a future possibility), and/or request any information about our company. Uinta Brewing Company collects personal information as submitted voluntarily by a user. Examples of the information you may be asked to submit would likely include, but may not be limited to, name, address, email address and date of birth, for example. If someone is looking for a job at Uinta Brewing, the information may be more extensive and include job references, experiences, and so on. We gather this information when the user chooses to participate in a promotion, sign up for Twitter, Facebook, or other future social networking tool, submit a job application and so on. In gathering this information we have a means in which to communicate with the user. We may send emails and/or Twitter or Facebook messages regarding promotions, offerings, news or features. Again, the user submits this information voluntarily in pursuing their chosen interest/opportunity on the site. Uinta Brewing participates in Twitter and Facebook and likely future social networking tools, but accepts no responsibility for these applications and how they use information submitted to them. To participate with Twitter, Facebook or other networking tool is completely up to the user and the user assumes all risks associated with that participation.
COOKIES Cookies may or may not be assigned to the user when visiting the Uinta Brewing website. Cookies enable our computer website team to track patterns of visitors. It is our hope to use this information to provide a positive experience for repeat visitors and to ensure that there aren't multiple submissions (for whatever reason) from the same user. We work to improve our site by better understanding the users that visit our website. You (the user) may control whether or not your computer will accept cookies. In rejecting the cookies, you may or may not be able to fully participate in the registration process for contests/sweepstakes/job applications/social networking tools, and/or other possible opportunities.
THIRD-PARTIES AND PERSONAL INFORMATION Uinta Brewing uses the information the user voluntarily provides to communicate with the user. A user's information may be shared with third-party service providers such as credit card processing companies, vendors, or companies paired with Uinta for sweepstakes/contests/promotions. Sharing personal information would reflect a partnership between Uinta Brewing and a third-party in promoting an event/opportunity/product. We request that all third party organizations not disclose or use any personal information submitted to Uinta Brewing Company for reasons other than to fulfill the services or opportunities offered on our website. We may use some general information that isn't normally tracked to an individual in order to improve upon our services or products. For instance, multiple requests/inquiries/suggestions from a certain geographical location may be used to improve service or product offerings.
LINKING Uinta Brewing may provide a link to another website as a convenience to the user. Uinta Brewing takes no responsibility for the content, privacy policy, or anything else on another's website. The user accepts all risks (viruses, interruption, and so on) associated with leaving the Uinta Brewing website and visiting another site.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
LEGAL DRINKING AGE The user must be of legal drinking age to visit Uinta Brewing Company's web site. In the United States of America, the legal drinking age is 21 years of age.
CONSENT AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICY In visiting and using the Uinta Brewing Company website, the user agrees to share personal information as described in this privacy policy. Uinta works to keep up with the ever-changing internet world and will work towards keeping the privacy policy up to date, but disclaims the obligation to update information.Contact Us
Uinta-logo-Full
1722 South Fremont Drive
Salt Lake City, UT 84104
801-467-0909
CONTACTWHERE TO BUYCAREERS
FAQSASSETS
SIGN UP FOR THE LATEST BEER NEWS
JOIN
Follow Us
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED • UINTA BREWING
TERMS & PRIVACY
Thanks for Subscribing
We'll be in touch.Find Beer Nearby
Grab your gear and let’s hit the trail.
Over 21?
Yes
No