https://www.shetlandsheepdog.org/ssca/sitemain/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
SSCA Privacy Policy
2019-07-16
The privacy of visitors to our SSCA website
is important to us. We are committed to safeguarding any personal information you
may provide to us. This policy explains what we
will do with your personal information.
Consenting to our use of cookies in
accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website
permits us to use cookies every time you visit our website.
Personal information we may collect
The following types of personal
information may be collected, stored, and used:
All
site visitors:
information about
your computer including your IP address, geographical location, browser type
and version, and operating system;information about
your visits to and use of this website including the referral source, length of
visit, page views, and website navigation paths;information that
you enter while using the services on our website;information
contained in any communications that you send to us by email or through our
website, including its communication content and metadata;any other personal
information that you send to us.
Registered
users:
information, such
as your email address, that you enter when you register with our website;information that
you enter when you create a profile on our website—for example, your name,
profile pictures, gender, birthday, relationship status, interests and hobbies,
educational details, and contact information (such as a mailing address, phone
number, or contact email);information that is
generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what
circumstances you use it;information that
you post to our website with the intention of publishing it on the Internet,
which includes your username, profile pictures, and the content of your posts.
Before you disclose to us the
personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent
to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in
accordance with this policy
How we use your
personal information
Personal information submitted to us
through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or
on the relevant pages of the website.
We may use your personal information
in the following ways, which represent our legitimate interests in providing
access to content and services through our site:
administering our
website;personalizing our
website for you;enabling your use
of the services available on our website;sending you email
notifications that you have specifically requested;dealing with
inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;keeping our website
secure and prevent fraud; andother uses.
Disclosing your
personal information
We may disclose your personal
information to any of our members, agents or officers as reasonably necessary
for the purposes set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal
information:
to the extent that
we are required to do so by law;in connection with
any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;in order to
establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing
information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit
risk); andto any person who
we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for
disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such
court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that
personal information.
Except as provided in this policy,
we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
International data
transfers
Information that we collect may be
transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws
equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States
of America.
Personal information that you
publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be
available, via the Internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or
misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to the transfers
of personal information described in this Section.
Retaining personal
information
This Section sets out our data
retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we
comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of
personal information.
Personal information that we process
for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for
that purpose or those purposes. In particular, we generally retain contact data
submitted through our site indefinitely to allow us to follow up as appropriate
with queries or other submissions in the future.
Notwithstanding the other provisions,
we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal
data:
to the extent that
we are required to do so by law;if we believe that
the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
andin order to
establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing
information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit
risk).
Security of your
personal information
We will take reasonable technical
and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of
your personal information.
All electronic financial
transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption
technology.
You acknowledge that the
transmission of information over the Internet is inherently insecure, and we
cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
(Registered users) You are
responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website
confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to
our website).
Amendments
We may update this policy from time
to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page
occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. We may notify
you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system
on our website.
Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you
with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information
will be subject to the following:
the payment of a fee; andthe supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a notary plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may withhold personal information
that you request to the extent permitted by law.
Third party
websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to,
and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not
responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Updating
information
Please let us know (via our  “Contact Us” page) if the personal
information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie
is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is
sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The
identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a
page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session”
cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain
valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry
date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user
session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any
information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we
store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from
cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies, and you may choose to configure your browser settings accordingly. You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. However, deleting or refusing to accept cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites, including ours.
We use Google Analytics on our
website to:
recognize a
computer when a user visits the website;track users as they
navigate the website;improve the
website’s usability;analyze the use of
the website;administer the
website; andprevent fraud and
improve the security of the website.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to
accept cookies, and you may choose to configure your browser settings
accordingly. You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer.
However, deleting or refusing to accept cookies will have a negative impact on
the usability of many websites, including ours.
We use cookies to optimize your experience on our website. These cookies are required for the proper functioning of our site. You accept the use of cookies by closing or dismissing this banner, by clicking a link or button or by continuing to browse our site.I AcknowledgePrivacy policy