http://www.vintagebmw.org/resources/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HomeOur MissionOur HistoryContact UsLogin/Register
Code of Conduct
Terms of Use
This is a private website intended to promote the distribution and interchange of information about vintage BMW motorcycles and camaraderie among those interested in the topic. As the operators of this site and publishers of the magazine, the Vintage BMW Motorcycle Owners club (hereafter VBMWMO) retain the absolute right to edit or remove any material, at any time, as we deem necessary. We will also remove access rights to registered users when we believe it is necessary. In general, we will enforce the following limits:
Language and Other Content
Basically, the VBMWMO treats our publications and online services as a PG-13 environment. We want to be a family friendly place to visit. This includes our magazine, web site, bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
VBMWMO has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, VBMWMO reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. VBMWMO reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Commercial Speech
Do not post spam (i.e., blatant advertising where it is not specifically relevant to ongoing conversation). This includes adding innocuous posts just to show off a spam signature. Such posts will be deleted and your access to the site will be cut off.
Links to Third Party Sites
The VBMWMO Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of VBMWMO and VBMWMO is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. VBMWMO is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. VBMWMO is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by VBMWMO of the site or any association with its operators.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of the VBMWMO web site, you warrant to VBMWMO that you will not use the VBMWMO Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the VBMWMO Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the VBMWMO Web Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the VBMWMO Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the VBMWMO Web Sites.
“Flashpoint” Speech
To maintain a friendly atmosphere, we will not allow harassment, flaming (personal attacks), baiting (inciting others to flame) or trolling (pot stirring for entertainment). At our sole discretion, we will delete such postings and may limit or remove your access.
Copyright
All contents of the VBMWMO Web Site and magazine are: Copyright © 1972-2020 “Vintage BMW Motorcycle Owners, Inc.” and respective authors and contributors and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved. VBMWMO respects the intellectual property of others and requires that our users do the same. If you believe that your rights are being infringed, please contact our site administrator.
This site is copyrighted as a compilation, and we may also have copyrights for specific material. Do not copy the content here without written permission from VBMWMO and the owners of the contained material.Do not enter or upload material that you do not own or have rights to. Although we cannot be responsible for determining the origin of uploaded material, we will remove it if it turns out to be problematic. If you quote material for fair use, please give proper attributions.By posting content here, you give us the right to display it as well as transmit it (such as, but not limited to, via email or RSS feeds). You warrant and represent that you have the right to upload such material and will indemnify and hold VBMWMO harmless for any and all claims arising from material you provide.
If you need to contact the VBMWMO for any copyright questions, infringement or requests, please contact us here.
Privacy
Our server captures the IP address and certain other non-identifying information of visitors to our site. We use this information internally for statistical and advertising purposes, and may use the IP address to limit or prevent certain visitors from returning.In certain circumstances we use cookies (small bits of information stored on your computer) to recognize registered users, store preferences and link visitors to any shopping cart they may have created.We collect email addresses for registered users of the site and for those who communicate with us via email or the website contact forms. We collect more information when you make a purchase in our store, such as name, shipping and billing addresses, email and telephone number, and perhaps payment information (such as a credit card number).We do not sell this information or otherwise share it with outside companies. We may disclose information we have when legally required, at the request of government authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce our terms of use and any applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.VBMWMO does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to VBMWMO (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any VBMWMO Web Site or its associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission, you are granting VBMWMO, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. VBMWMO is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in VBMWMO’s sole discretion.By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
By participating on this website, you acknowledge that you have read and are bound by this agreement, as well as any other VBMWMO network usage agreements that may govern your conduct on this site. Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have questions.