http://www.motherinlawstories.com/privacy.htm
We Support The Red Cross
Message
Board
Latest Stories
Latest Responses
Archived Stories
Worst Gift Stories
Jokes
Dr. Apter Advice
Frequent Fry Her
MIL Mall
Story Entry
Awards
Poll Results
Word Search
Celeb IL Quiz
Chat Room
HELP
Site
Search
Home
Books, by
Dr. Terri Apter
What Do You Want From Me?
Learning To Get Along With In-Laws
You Don't Really Know Me
Why Mothers and Daughters Fight and How Both
Can Win
Mother-In-Law Mall
A place to find great gifts!
and products related to mothers-in-law and other family members.
"Survey says!"
Click here - take the MIL Stories Site Survey - your opinion
is important to us!
Mother-In-Law Stories
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement discloses
the privacy practices for www.motherinlawstories.com of B
A Squared, LLC.
Because this web site wants to demonstrate
its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information
practices.  This web site has agreed to notify you of:
1.
What personally identifiable
information of yours, or third party personal identification, is collected
from you through the web site.
2.   The organization collecting the information.
3.   How the information is used.
4.   With whom the information may be
shared.
5.   What choices are available to you
regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
6.
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the
loss, misuse or alteration of information under B A Squared, Inc. control.
7.   How you can correct any inaccuracies
in the information.
If you feel
that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should
contact B A Squared, LLC. by e-mail at webmaster@motherinlawstories.com.
We assure you, we will do our best to resolve any outstanding issues.
Information
Collection and Use
B
A Squared, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this
site.  We will not sell, share, or rent this
information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this
statement.  B A Squared, LLC
collects information from our users at several different points on our
website.
Story Submission
/ Dr. Terri Apter Question Submission
When submitting a story or question, a user has the option to provide
personal information.  There is an opportunity to optionally provide
an e-mail address.  When supplying this e-mail address, there is
the opportunity to declare whether one is open to being contacted in the
future via that address, or not.  If "no" is selected (which
is the default) then we will use the e-mail address only for future identification
purposes, should the same reader submit a follow-up story.  If "yes"
is selected, the e-mail address is placed on our private mailing list.
The private mailing list will never be sold or shared with any third party.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing
information about the user.  None
of the material that we supply to this site uses cookies.  However,
some of our business partners
use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).  We have no access to or control over these
cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s
movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners
and advertisers.  This is not linked to any personal information
that can identify any individual person.
We may use an
outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing
company to bill users for goods and services.  We believe that these
companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information
for any secondary purposes.  Since we have no control over this,
please visit their respective sites and review their Privacy Policies
for confirmation.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites.  Please be aware
that we [B A Squared, LLC] are not responsible for the privacy practices
of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when
they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every
web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely
to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via
surveys or contests.  Participation
in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore
has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as
name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code,
age level).  Contact information will be used to notify
the winners and award prizes.  Survey
information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use
and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information
via the website, we do our best to protect your information both online
and off-line.
All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned
above, is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job
are granted access to personally identifiable information.  Our employees must use password-protected
screen-savers when they leave their desk.  When they return, they must re-enter their
password to re-gain access to your information.  Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date
on our security and privacy practices.
Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our
employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on
privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is
protected.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can
send an email to webmaster@motherinlawstories.com
Special Offers
Readers who have provided
both their e-mails and their permission to contact them, may occasionally
receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to
not receive these types of communications.  Please see our choice
and opt-out below.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally
identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user
no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct,
update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us.  This can usually be done by e-mailing
us at webmaster@motherinlawstories.com
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having
their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at
the point where we ask for the information.
For example, our story submission form has a yes/no "opt-out" mechanism so users who submit a story to us,
but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their e-mail address off
of our list.
Users who wish
to opt-out of receiving all future communications may do so at any time
by replying to an e-mail with "unsubscribe" in the subject line
of the e-mail, or e-mail us at webmaster@motherinlawstories.com
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  At no time will we use personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was
collected.  We will use information only in accordance with the privacy
policy under which the information was collected.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including
your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits
to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about
this practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies, click
here.
The Sister Knot
Why We Fight, Why We're Jealous, and Why We'll Love
Each Other No Matter What
Secret Paths
Women in the New Midlife
Working Women Don't Have Wives
Professional Success in the 1990'S
To See More Books By
Dr. Terri Apter
Click Here.
Back
To The Top - Click Here
Search
this site or
the web powered by FreeFind
Site search
Web search
DISCLAIMER:  All advice on this website is for informational
and entertainment purposes only.  All responses are from reader submissions
unless specifically noted otherwise (such as Dr. Terri Apter advice page).
We do not endorse any of the advice.  We provide it to you as a service.
We can neither guarantee the soundness of the advice, nor make any claims
as to the outcome of following this advice.  We provide it for your
entertainment only.  Should you choose to follow any of the advice,
it is solely at your own risk.  This is not intended to substitute
for obtaining advice from appropriate sources and/or professional counseling.
We recommend you consult an appropriate professional, counselor, and/or
a trusted advisor before taking any action based on this advice.
B A Squared, LLC and
www.motherinlawstories.com make no representations or
guarantees regarding any information dispensed on this site.
Your privacy is important to us.  Click here to view our
Privacy Policy.
Copyright © 1999 - 2010, B A Squared, LLC.  All rights reserved.
Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express
written permission of B A Squared, LLC is strictly prohibited.  All
materials submitted (written or otherwise) to
www.motherinlawstories.com become
the property of B A Squared, LLC.  Submission of any material (written
or otherwise) constitutes your permission for B A Squared, LLC to use,
edit, reproduce and publish this material (in whole or in part) in any
way it deems appropriate, and releases B A Squared, LLC from any and all
liability associated with the publication of said material.
CONTACT
US:
To contact us for any reason, please use the email form on our Help Page
which you can get to by clicking here, or email
us at webmaster@motherinlawstories.com.