https://www.eatout.nz/privacy-policy/
Add listing
Join us
Search
Privacy Policy
At Eatout.nz we are dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use Eatout.nz, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Eatout.nz strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers’ and online visitors’ privacy on our website.
About Our Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that Eatout.nz stores on your computer, which your browser provides to Eatout.nz each time you return to the site. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their use of our website, and their website access preferences.
Google Analytics Cookies
Eatout.nz uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. We share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Eatout.nz uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. We use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to our website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow us to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on… [link]https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/[/link] [BlockBuilder users: copy that URL and create a link in the Text Block.]
Affiliate Products and Services
We receive an affiliate commission for some of the services sold on Eatout.nz.
The affiliate services platforms we use could be Amazon and RestaurantHub.
By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform’s use of cookies.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of our site. Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.
If you choose to refuse Eatout.nz‘s cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
Eatout.nz may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our site.
To display content on the site correctly.
To improve customer service.
To help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize your user experience.
To understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To improve our site.
To improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
Eatout.nz may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site.
If you complete a form, we will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
If you purchase a product or service from us, we will collect your name, email address, billing address and credit card number. We do not store any credit card information.
You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit our site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. We will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.
We also collect each visitor’s IP address, which helps us combat spam and fraud. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children’s Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. We do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If we sell Eatout.nz, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site  is stored on our host’s servers. That host is GetFlywheel.com
How You Can Correct or Remove Information
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personally identifiable information. If you have submitted personally identifiable information through our website and would like to update that information or have it deleted from our records, please email us.
Updates and Effective Date
Eatout.nz reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our cookie and privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to Eatout.nz‘s privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.
Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last updated: 13 Aug 2020
Login
Keep me sign in
Lost Your password?
Login
Not a member?
Register here
For faster login connect with your Social Network
Register
Register
Have an account?
Log in
GET NEW PASSWORD