https://www.forsterproducts.com/resources/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Payment Methods
For ordering by phone, fax, or online we accept Visa, MasterCard, and Discover. Credit cards are not charged until your order is shipped. If you would like to pay with a check or money order, please mail your order form to us with your check or money order.
Canceled Order
If after you place your order you decide to cancel your order for standard products, we will gladly do so if the order has not been shipped.
Refused Shipment
Customers shall be charged all shipping charges and a 15% restocking fee for all refused shipments. This covers the cost to receive and inspect and restock all returned items.
International Ordering & Shipping Policies
We suggest you order from a wholesaler in your country. If you do place an online order direct, a $30 dollar “base rate” for shipping/packaging will be added to the merchandise amount.
After your order is picked you will be emailed by our customer service department if there are increased charges to the $30 base rate. Your order will be processed only after you approve any additional shipping charges.
Forster Products is not responsible for International Customs duties, taxes, fees, etc. It is the customer’s responsibility to cover these costs upon delivery.
Thank you.
Damaged Shipments
Forster Products is not liable for damage or loss of merchandise after it leaves our premises. If shipment shows evidence of damage, the package must be opened before signing the delivery receipt. If damage or loss is evident, it must be noted on the carriers’ delivery sheet. Save the box & all packaging. File a claim with the carrier and notify us. Please call us if you have any questions or need help filing the claim.
Returned Merchandise
All returned merchandise must be in new, unused condition and in original packaging. Send the merchandise prepaid and include a copy of the original invoice.
Refunds, less shipping charges, will be issued after inspection of the merchandise. All returns will be charged a 15% restocking fee to cover inspection and repackaging costs.
Sales Tax Information
If required by law, Forster Products will add sales tax to the order to be paid by the customer. Applicable sales tax will be charged on all orders to be delivered in the State of IL. If you are TAX-EXEMPT, send us your tax exemption form for us to keep on file.
Warranty
All Forster Products are warranted against defects in materials and workmanship for the life of the product. Parts excluded from the warranty are those that, by nature of their function, are subject to normal wear (such as springs, pins, etc.) or that have been altered, abused, or neglected. If the product is deemed defective by workmanship or materials, it will be repaired, reconditioned, or replaced (at Forster’s option). This warranty supersedes all other warranties for Forster Products whether written or oral.
View our Privacy Policy.
Products
Reloading Tools
Case Prep
Case Sizing & Lubricating
Case Priming
Handling Gunpowder
Bullet Seating
Inspection & Measurement
Cartridges
Gunsmithing Tools
Site Mounting
Headspace Gages
Screwdrivers & Screws
Gold Inlay
Other Tools
Logo Merchandise
Ordering
View Cart
Replacement Parts
Custom Machining
Terms & Conditions
Made in U.S.A.
Support
Resources
Locate a Distributor
ProStaff
User Instructions
Print Catalog
Sales Sheets
Privacy Policy
Contact Info
Keep in Touch
Follow us on social media:
Our Customers Say
I bought a new rifle some 12 months ago and struggled with consistent accuracy. I purchased your dies to match my Co-Ax® Press. Rifle went from random 1-2" groups to .237".
Your press and dies are simply superb. Keep up the great work!Australia