https://www.sanccob.co.za/terms
Southern African Foundation for the Conservation of Coastal Birds
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they govern your use of our website.
This site and the content provided in this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed. ‘Deep-linking’, ’embedding’ or using analogous technology is strictly prohibited. Unauthorised use of this site and/or the materials contained on this site may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws.
Disclaimer
The owner of this site, the authors of these contents and in general anybody connected to this site in any way, from now on collectively called “Providers”, assume no responsibility for errors or omissions in these contents.
We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of) without notice.
In an effort to assist our users, we may provide links to other websites or resources. We are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Privacy
You can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, you should be aware that anonymous visitor information such as your IP address, browser type (Explorer, Chrome, etc) referring pages and pages visited on the website may be automatically collected for statistical analysis of web traffic patterns.
Our web pages utilise “cookies” and other technologies which serve to recall personal information previously given by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them.
Disclosure Policy
If you do give us personal information – such as your name, address or email address – in order to make a purchase or donation, we promise not to share these details with any third parties, other than those necessary to record and process your payment. We may send you email newsletters and updates from time to time. You may unsubscribe from these at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email, or by sending an email to info@sanccob.co.za with ‘remove’ in the subject line.
Online payments
We do not record credit card details on this site. Online payments from anywhere in the world are processed either in ZAR by Virtual Card Services (VCS) or by PayFast, or in US$ by PayPal. For the convenience of web users wishing to donate from other countries, a currency converter is provided as a guide. The currency converter is a Google tool and we take no responsibility for its accuracy. If in doubt, you are advised to check current exchange rates with your bank.
VCS
The company protects the security of information during transmission by using 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information supplied by the cardholder. Encryption complies with international standards. VCS servers are protected by firewalls and intrusion detection systems. The company registration documents and the site’s registered domain name are checked and verified by Thawte.
PayFast
The company protects the security of information during transmission by using 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information supplied by the cardholder. Encryption complies with international standards. VCS servers are protected by firewalls and intrusion detection systems. The company registration documents and the site’s registered domain name are checked and verified by Thawte.
PayPal
The PayPal site is highly secure and uses industry-leading technology such as 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information supplied by the cardholder. Before you even register or log in to the PayPal site, their server checks that you’re using an approved browser – one that uses SSL 3.0 or higher.
PayPal servers are heavily guarded physically and by electronic firewalls and are not directly connected to the internet, so your private information is available only to authorized computers. Paypal also offers Buyer Protection. If an eligible item that you’ve bought online doesn’t arrive, or doesn’t match the seller’s description, PayPal’s Buyer Protection may reimburse you for the full amount of the item plus postage. For more information on the specific terms of the Buyer Protection, see Paypal’s User Agreement.
Delivery policy
Goods ordered through this website will be dispatched by post or courier on proof of payment. Should goods be out of stock at the time of ordering, you will be given the opportunity to cancel your order if required.
Refunds
If you are not satisfied with goods purchased from the website, you may return them within seven (7) days in the original condition for a full refund (less packing/postage and bank charges).
Should you wish for any reason to cancel your online donation, you may do so within seven (7) days and receive a full refund (less bank charges). Kindly notify us of any refund required by emailing shop@sanccob.co.za
By using this website, you consent to these terms and conditions. If you have any queries regarding security and privacy, please email info@sanccob.co.za or telephone 021 557 6155.
South African Rand
United States Dollar