http://www.landsendpark.com/privacy.php
Welcome to Lands End Park: your camping destination on the Bruce Peninsula!
Spacious RV & trailer sites.
Private, wooded tent sites.
Premium sites for big rigs.
No tent or trailer? Stay in one of our cozy cabins!
Marvel at local wildlife...
...and the abundant wildflowers.
Explore the magnificent Bruce Peninsula...
...or rent a kayak and glide across Ragged Bight.
Dive in the crystal clear waters of Georgian Bay...
...and explore the many wrecks in Fathom Five National Marine Park.
Set out on our onsite hiking trail...
...or head to the nearby Bruce Trail.
Let the kids catch frogs at our pond...
...or watch the ducks swim by.
Enjoy the blooms in our many gardens.
Do a little fishing from our docks...
...or relax on our private sand beach.
Then gaze at spectacular sunsets at day's end.
HOME
FACILITIES
RATES
PARK MAP
PARK RULES
RESERVATIONS
CONTACT
PHOTO GALLERY
SITE PHOTOS
CAMPSITES
CABINS
BROCHURE
"BARE" CAMPSITE
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online.
PII, as described in US and Canadian privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person,
or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your
Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information
or other details
to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website,
or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are
required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
For your convenience we may securely store your credit card information longer than 30 days in order to expedite future orders, and to automate the billing process.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service
provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help
us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings.
Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly. It won't affect the user's experience.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
Online Privacy Protection
We agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page.
You can change your personal informationby emailing us or ny calling us.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
No. We do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
Children Online Privacy Protection
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
We do not let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under the age of 13.
Fair Information Practices
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 1 business day
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors
and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals
have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails
stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to: Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at mail@landsendpark.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Lands End ParkP.O. Box 28Tobermory, ON N0H 2R0mail@landsendpark.com519-596-2523
Last Edited on 2018-01-20
© Copyright Lands End Park, 1999 - 2020. All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemap
Phone: 519.596.2523Email: mail@landsendpark.comWeb: landsendpark.com