http://www.thetollroads.com/help/paying-tolls
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy.
TCA is committed to protecting your privacy and keeping you informed. Click here to read our Privacy Policy (PDF) and learn how your information is collected, used, stored, shared and protected.
Skip to main content
Home
Help
Ways to Pay Tolls
Ways to Pay Tolls
Sticker Transponders and the Future of FasTrak
Watch video:The Future of FasTrak is Here!
Pay Toll(s) Online or With Our App
Pay toll(s) within 5 days before or 5 days after driving The Toll Roads using the "Pay Toll Now" option found on our website and free app. There are no invoices, prepayments, statements or transponders – but you do pay the highest toll rates.
Pay Toll(s) Now
Pay Toll(s) In Person or With Cash
To pay toll(s) in person, visit our Customer Service Center in Irvine. The location accepts cash, check, electronic check and credit card.
View Service Center location
Pay Toll(s) With An Account
With a variety of different options for every type of driver, from the daily commuter to the infrequent visitor, having an account is the easiest way to pay tolls without worry or hassle. Compare Accounts
Prepaid
Prepay Tolls
No Monthly Account Maintenance Fee
Free Sticker Transponder
Eligible for Frequent Driver Discount
Use All Over California
MORE DETAILS
Sign Up for Prepaid
Charge
Tolls Charged Individually
No Monthly Account Maintenance Fee
Free Sticker Transponders
Use All Over California
MORE DETAILS
Sign Up for Charge
Invoice
Tolls Invoiced Monthly
Invoice for Monthly Usage ($2 Fee)
Free Sticker Transponders
Use All Over California
MORE DETAILS
Sign Up for Invoice
If you have already received a violation notice, visit our Toll Violations page.
In this section
Ways to Pay TollsRental VehiclesFor VisitorsMilitary ProgramService CentersContact UsFAQsTutorials
Back to Top
×
The Toll Roads Rewards Program
With The Toll Roads Rewards Program, accountholders who drive The Toll Roads at least once during the month will receive a special promotion from a local retail partner as a token of our appreciation. The program is free for accountholders and easy to join.  Log in to your account now!
Drive this month for rewards from:Pedego Electric Bikes
Close
Tell Me More
Update
Our Response to COVID-19
As a government agency, the health and safety of the public are important to us and we are committed to complying with efforts to slow the spread of COVID-19.
While our Walk-In Center remains closed, our call center, website and app are available to manage an account, open a new account, pay a toll, resolve a violation and much more.
For the latest on our response to COVID-19, visit TheTollRoads.com/COVID-19.
For free educational resources to pass time during quarantine, visit TheTollRoads.com/Educational-Resources.
Close
×