http://www.skydivenewport.com/terms/
Close
Booking InfoGift CertificatesContact Us
Call Us @ 401-845-0393
211 Airport Access Rd, Middletown, RI 02842 | Get Directions
Opening Friday: 7:00 am to 8:00 pm
Weather
Reservations Booking Info Gift Certificates Physical Requirements First Time? Tandem Skydiving Info & Rates Video Services Frequently Asked Questions Post Reservation Disclosure Beware the Middleman Plan Your Skydive General Info Accommodations Restaurants Attractions Directions Weather Why Choose Us? Learn About Us Meet the Owner Our Staff Testimonials Aircraft Facilities Dropzone Dropzone Information Articles Photos Videos News
HomeTerms
Terms of Use
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least [18] years of age to use this website. By using this website [and by agreeing to these terms and conditions] you warrant and represent that you are at least [18] years of age.]
[This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to Skydive Newport's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Skydive Newport's privacy policy / cookies policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Skydive Newport and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages [or OTHER CONTENT] from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
 republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
 sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
 show any material from the website in public;
 reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;
 edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
 redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed within your organisation.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Skydive Newport's express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Skydive Newport's express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Skydive Newport reserves the right to restrict access to [other] areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Skydive Newport's discretion.
If Skydive Newport provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Skydive Newport may disable your user ID and password in Skydive Newport's sole discretion without notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, "your user content" means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant Skydive Newport a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant Skydive Newport the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Skydive Newport or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Skydive Newport reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Skydive Newport's servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
[Notwithstanding Skydive Newport's rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Skydive Newport does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.]
No warranties
This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Skydive Newport makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Skydive Newport does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
Skydive Newport will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Skydive Newport has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Skydive Newport's liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by Skydive Newport's negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Skydive Newport; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Skydive Newport to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Skydive Newport has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Skydive Newport's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Skydive Newport's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Skydive Newport.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Skydive Newport and undertake to keep Skydive Newport indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Skydive Newport to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Skydive Newport's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Skydive Newport arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions].
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Skydive Newport's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Skydive Newport may take such action as Skydive Newport deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Skydive Newport may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Skydive Newport may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Skydive Newport's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions [, together with [the PRIVACY POLICY],] constitute the entire agreement between you and Skydive Newport in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with United States law, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Rhode Island.
Skydive Newport Details
You can contact Skydive Newport by an email to info@skydivenewport.com
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Options
Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap
Booking Info
Skydiving Info & Rates
Gift Certificates
Skydive Newport provided the nicest scenery and calling for my appointment I got to experience the nicest and most informative customer service from the whole staff.
 Sandra - sn81998@verizon.net
Contact Info
211 Airport Access RdMiddletown, RI 02842
401-845-0393
info AT skydivenewport DOT com
Skydiving New England
Skydiving Boston
Skydiving in RI
Skydiving in MA
Skydiving near Maine
Site Info
Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap
Safety In Skydiving
Skydive Newport is a member of the United States Parachute Association.
Copyright  2020, Skydive Newport, All Rights Reserved.
DropZone Web Design & Marketing by Beyond Marketing, LLC