http://www.passports.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
REQUEST INFO
LOG IN
ABOUT US
Our Story
What We Do
Why passports
BROWSE TOURS
TEACHERS
How to Plan
Lesson Plans
Lectures
Testimonials
Get Started
STUDENTS
Why Travel?
How to Enroll
How to Pay
Enroll Now
BLOG
PRIVACY POLICY
passports has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to maintaining your privacy and protecting your personal information. By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please refrain from visiting passports.com.
Information Collection, Sharing and Usage
passports is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. If you have been contacted by passports, our records indicate that (a) you have expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future, or (b) you have registered with or purchased from us or otherwise have an existing relationship with us.
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information to or with anyone for their promotional use without your advanced permission or unless ordered to do so by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for the purposes of contacting you or sending emails based on your request for information, and to contracted service providers for the purposes of delivering services relating to our communications with you.
You may opt out of any future contact from passports at any time. Simply follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any passports email.
Online Security
passports takes appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal data used by our system. All employees with access to personal information are screened and trained, and online payments by credit card are processed by a secure third party provider.
Privacy Policy Changes
passports reserves the right to make changes to the Privacy Policy. All modifications will be posted here. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact passports immediately at 1-800-332-7277.
Created: March 2008
Last Modified: May 2015
passports Educational Group Travel partners with teachers across the United States to provide high-quality educational travel experiences to their students. Educational tours visit destinations around the world - primarily France, Italy, England, Spain and Costa Rica - at low, guaranteed prices.
Trustpilot
STAY CONNECTED
For updates on educational travel tips, ideas and news, subscribe to our newsletter:
CONTACT US
passports51 Union Street Suite 106Worcester, MA 016081-800-332-7277Email Us
© Copyright 1992-2020 Passports Educational Travel | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy