http://www.ncbcc.net/home/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement The National Capital Bearded Collie Club Inc. Website Privacy Statement
Welcome to the National Capital Bearded Collie Club Inc. website. Your privacy is one of our top priorities. The following policy applies only to the use of this website. Other websites have different policies. This website has a number of links to external sites. Upon following these links, you are subject to the privacy policies of these other sites over which the National Capital Bearded Collie Club Inc. has no control.
A Privacy Partnership
Your privacy with respect to the use of this website results from a partnership between the National Capital Bearded Collie Club Inc. and you, the user. At this website, we attempt to protect your privacy to the maximum extent possible. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information stored on this site, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilize this site for other than its intended purposes are prohibited.
The National Capital Bearded Collie Club Inc. website does NOT collect personal information, does not issue cookies, does not use spyware or advertising bots. We only track the actual number of visitors (times our site is accessed) per day for site usage statistics collected by our web host.
Please enjoy our site, as we are dedicated to sharing information with the canine community.
For additional information, please contact the webmaster.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)
NCBCC News
November Beardie Beat
October Meeting Minutes & November Events
October Bounce Update
September Update
October Bounce!
Find Us on Facebook
Find Us on Facebook
Username
Password
Designed by The Salty Sheepdog Baa and Grille.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.