https://www.mirrorpool.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Home
About us
Our fisheries
Mirror Pool
Meadow Lake
Mayflower Pool
Millstone Pool
Lake Prices
Bait
Contact us
Cookie Policy
HOW WE USE COOKIES A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyses data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. OUR COOKIES
Name OF Cookie Type Thoughts
__utma
Persistent
A Cookie used by Google Anlytics to track website Traffic
__utmb
Persistent
A cookie used by Google Analytics to track website traffic
__utmc
Persistent
A cookie used by Google Analytics to track website traffic
__utmz
Persistent
A cookie used by Google Analytics to track website traffic
SESSION
Session Cookie
Stores information securcely while you are visiting the site
WHAT WE COLLECT We may collect the following information:
name and job title  contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SECURITY We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. This privacy policy sets out how Mirror Pool Fisheries uses and protects any information that you give Mirror Pool Fisheries when you use this website. Mirror Pool Fisheries is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Mirror Pool Fisheries may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20/10/2014. By using this site you are agreeing to our terms and conditions.
Change Dates
Booking form goes here
**Please click to select your date to start booking
To enquire about a fishing holiday on this lake, please look through the availability calendar below and then click on start date (Saturday) of the week you wish to enquire about, then complete the form and we’ll get back to you.
Continue Booking
Thank you! Your booking was sent successfully and we will contact you shortly.
×
×