http://www.milavia.net/legal/
contact
about
faq
updates
portfolios
Home
Aircraft
Air Forces
Air Shows
Specials
Wallpapers
Quiz
News
Links
Forum
MILAVIA >
Legal
Last updated: 22 August 2015
Legal Information
Disclaimer, Copyright Notice, Privacy Statement and Terms of Use
This section is being revised, check back later for the new version.
General
The MILAVIA website (website) is a non-profit personal project by Niels Hillebrand (webmaster).
The website and its contents, unless otherwise indicated, are the property of the webmaster.
The information and data (content) contained in this website are provided by the webmaster or an editor.
The content subject to copyright law and may be used for informational purposes and private use only.
The webmaster intends for the content to be accurate and reliable, however, the webmaster cannot
guarantee the accuracy, validity or reliability of the content.
All content is provided ‘as is’. The use of the content, and any results of such use are solely
the responsibility of the user. Information on this site may or may not be current as of the
date of your access, the webmaster has no duty to update and maintain the information, reports or statements
on the site.
The website is designed by the webmaster and subject to copyright laws. The name MILAVIA is
not a trademark, registered name or company, it is merely a title for this privately owned website.
Information
All information provided on the website is the work of the webmaster,
unless the name of another author or source is stated as copyright holder.
All information is composed from public sources and is not classified.
When data or information is copied or summarized from a single source, the source is
displayed at the bottom of the page or article. All information is copyrighted
and cannot be used for any other purpose than private personal use without prior
permission of the webmaster. When data
from this website is used as reference under the Fair Use Policy,
please display a link to this website (http://www.milavia.net).
Pictures/Photos/Images
The website provides digital images, paintings, photographs and drawnings (pictures).
The webmaster does not own the copyright to all of these pictures.
These pictures may not be used or published, neither commercially nor for other purposes,
in any form, including but not restricting to the Internet, magazines and books, without
the photographer's permission. For all enquiries please contact the webmaster by e-mail
to obtain contact information of the original copyright holder. In most cases this information
is also displayed on the same page as the picture.
Downloads
The website provides direct downloads from our server. The webmaster is not
responsible for any problems regarding these downloads. The use and any results of such use are solely the
responsibility of the user. The user has to check for viruses and worms.
External links
The website provides external links to other (related) websites.
the webmaster is not responsible for the content of any other web sites
which you may access from this website.
The webmaster has no control over the content of these websites and cannot guarantee
the reliability or accuracy of any information linked externally.
This also applies to links to Amazon.com. If you order books at Amazon.com using links
on this website, Amazon.com is responsible. The webmaster cannot
be held responsible for any problems regarding changed prices, unavailability, delivery,
payment and everything else that is controlled
by Amazon.com.
Privacy Statement
MILAVIA values your privacy and understands privacy concerns you may have. Please view
our privacy policy for more information: Click here to view our Privacy Policy
Permissions
Limited license IS GRANTED to individuals accessing the website for the following personal, noncommercial uses:
Retrieving or Printing a Copy of Any Document or File in the website.
Establishing a Link to any publicly accessible page on www.milavia.net.
Establish a Bannerlink to www.milavia.net using the provided banner codes and/or banners images.
Individuals accessing this website and its component documents and/or files are NOT GRANTED license to:
Alter a Copy of Any Retrieved or Printed Document or File from the website without Permission from the webmaster.
Distribute a Copy (Electronic or Otherwise) of Any Document or File from the website without Permission from the webmaster.
Charge for a Copy (Electronic or Otherwise) of Any Document or File from the website.
Establish 'inline links' to images or downloads ("Hotlinking") without Permission from the webmaster.
Niels Hillebrand, MILAVIA webmaster,
webmaster@milavia.net
Navigator
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Related Pages
Site Information
Home | Aircraft | Air Forces | Air Shows | Specials |
Wallpapers | News | Quiz | Forum
Contact | About | FAQ | Updates |
RSS Feeds | Links | Search
Back to Index
Move to Top
Copyright © 2002-2020 Niels Hillebrand.
All Rights Reserved | Privacy & Cookie Policy | Terms of Service