https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/genes-and-genetics
Site Navigation
Page Content
Menu
Caret
Health.vic
Victoria's hub for health services and business
DHHS
A gateway to the strategies, policies, programs and services delivered by the Department of Health & Human Services.
Seniors Online
Victorian government portal for older people, with information about government and community services and programs.
Show search toolbar
Contrast
Sign Up
Login
Search
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Navigation
Home
Close Menu
Conditions and treatments
Conditions and treatments
Allergies
Allergies
Allergic reaction to packaged food
Anxiety
Arthritis
Asthma
Behavioural conditions
Birth defects
Blood and blood vessels
Bones muscles and joints
Bones muscles and joints
Foot care - podiatrists
Brain and nerves
Cancer
Complementary and alternative care
Dementia
Healthy living
Healthy living
Alcohol
Babies and toddlers (0-3)
Child health (0-6)
Children (4-12)
Drugs and addictive behaviours
Environmental health
Family Violence
Older people in hospital – Get well soon
Health checks
Healthy Eating
Healthy Eating
Nutrition for life
Mens nutrition for life
Healthy mind
Healthy pregnancy
Services and support
Services and support
Aged care services
Alcohol and drug services
LGBTI support
Carers, caring and respite care services
Child, family and relationship services
Disability services
Emergency, crisis and support services
End of life and palliative care services
genetic services and support
Hospitals, surgery and procedures
Mental health services
Planning and coordinating healthcare
A-Z
A-Z
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Videos
Service profiles
Blog
Blog
Blog authors
Topics
Podcast
Podcast
Influenza - Dr Brett Sutton & Prof Kanta Subbarao
Trauma - Anne Leadbeater OAM & Dr Rob Gordon
template
Other sites
Health.vic
DHHS
Seniors Online
Sitemap
My Health Life
Facebook
Googleplus
Twitter
Youtube
Rss
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
A-Z
Blog
Podcast
Back to
Genetic conditions
Home
Conditions and treatments
Genetic conditions
Genes and genetics explained
Genes and genetics explained
Share (show more)
Download PDF
Listen (show more)
Listen
More (show more)
Email
Print
Tags:
Genes and genetics
Genes and genetics - Genes and genetics explained
Summary
Genes are the blueprint for our bodies.
If a gene contains a change, it disrupts the gene message.
Changes in genes can cause a wide range of conditions.
Sometimes a changed gene is inherited, which means it is passed on from parent to child.
Changes in genes can also occur spontaneously.
Parents who are related to each other are more likely have children with health problems or genetic conditions than unrelated parents (although most related parents will have healthy children).
Your chromosomes contain the blueprint for your body – your genes. Almost every cell in the human body contains a copy of this blueprint, mostly stored inside a special sac within the cell called the nucleus. Chromosomes are long strands of a chemical substance called deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA).
A DNA strand looks like a twisted ladder. The genes are like a series of letters strung along each edge. These letters are used like an instruction book. The letter sequence of each gene contains information on building specific molecules (such as proteins or hormones – both essential to the growth and maintenance of the human body).
Although every cell has two copies of each gene, each cell needs only certain genes to be switched on in order to perform its particular functions. The unnecessary genes are switched off.
Sometimes, a gene contains a change that disrupts the gene’s instructions. A change in a gene can occur spontaneously (no known cause) or it can be inherited. Changes in the coding that makes a gene function can lead to a wide range of conditions.
Chromosomes
Humans typically have 46 chromosomes in each cell of their body, made up of 22 paired chromosomes and two sex chromosomes. These chromosomes contain between 20,000 and 25,000 genes. New genes are being identified all the time.
The paired chromosomes are numbered from 1 to 22 according to size. (Chromosome number 1 is the biggest.) These non-sex chromosomes are called autosomes.
People usually have two copies of each chromosome. One copy is inherited from their mother (via the egg) and the other from their father (via the sperm). A sperm and an egg each contain one set of 23 chromosomes. When the sperm fertilises the egg, two copies of each chromosome are present (and therefore two copies of each gene), and so an embryo forms.
The chromosomes that determine the sex of the baby (X and Y chromosomes) are called sex chromosomes. Typically, the mother’s egg contributes an X chromosome, and the father’s sperm provides either an X or a Y chromosome. A person with an XX pairing of sex chromosomes is biologically female, while a person with an XY pairing is biologically male.
As well as determining sex, the sex chromosomes carry genes that control other body functions. There are many genes located on the X chromosome, but only a few on the Y chromosome. Genes that are on the X chromosome are said to be X-linked. Genes that are on the Y chromosome are said to be Y-linked.
How we inherit characteristics
Parents pass on traits or characteristics, such as eye colour and blood type, to their children through their genes. Some health conditions and diseases can be passed on genetically too.
Sometimes, one characteristic has many different forms. For example, blood type can be A, B, AB or O. Changes (or variations) in the gene for that characteristic cause these different forms.
Each variation of a gene is called an allele (pronounced ‘AL-eel’). These two copies of the gene contained in your chromosomes influence the way your cells work.
The two alleles in a gene pair are inherited, one from each parent. Alleles interact with each other in different ways. These are called inheritance patterns. Examples of inheritance patterns include:
autosomal dominant – where the gene for a trait or condition is dominant, and is on a non-sex chromosome
autosomal recessive – where the gene for a trait or condition is recessive, and is on a non-sex chromosome
X-linked dominant – where the gene for a trait or condition is dominant, and is on the X-chromosome
X-linked recessive – where the gene for a trait or condition is recessive, and is on the X-chromosome
Y-linked – where the gene for a trait or condition is on the Y-chromosome
co-dominant – where each allele in a gene pair carries equal weight and produces a combined physical characteristic
mitochondrial – where the gene for a trait or condition is in your mitochondrial DNA, which sits in the mitochondria (powerhouse) of your cells.
Dominant and recessive genes
The most common interaction between alleles is a dominant/recessive relationship. An allele of a gene is said to be dominant when it effectively overrules the other (recessive) allele.
Eye colour and blood groups are both examples of dominant/recessive gene relationships.
Eye colour
The allele for brown eyes (B) is dominant over the allele for blue eyes (b). So, if you have one allele for brown eyes and one allele for blue eyes (Bb), your eyes will be brown. (This is also the case if you have two alleles for brown eyes, BB.) However, if both alleles are for the recessive trait (in this case, blue eyes, bb) you will inherit blue eyes.
Blood groups
For blood groups, the alleles are A, B and O. The A allele is dominant over the O allele. So, a person with one A allele and one O allele (AO) has blood group A. Blood group A is said to have a dominant inheritance pattern over blood group O.
If a mother has the alleles A and O (AO), her blood group will be A because the A allele is dominant. If the father has two O alleles (OO), he has the blood group O. For each child that couple has, each parent will pass on one or the other of those two alleles. This is shown in figure 1. This means that each one of their children has a 50 per cent chance of having blood group A (AO) and a 50 per cent chance of having blood group O (OO), depending on which alleles they inherit.
Figure 1 - Father’s blood group (OO, group O)
O
O
Mother’s blood group
A
AO
(group A)
AO
(group A)
(AO, group A)
O
OO
(group O)
OO
(group O)
The combination of alleles that you have is called your genotype (e.g. AO). The observable trait that you have – in this case blood group A – is your phenotype.
Recessive genetic conditions
If a person has one changed (q) and one unchanged (Q) copy of a gene, and they do not have the condition associated with that gene change, they are said to be a carrier of that condition. The condition is said to have a recessive inheritance pattern – it is not expressed if there is a functioning copy of the gene present.
If two people are carriers (Qq) of the same recessive genetic condition, there is a 25 per cent (or one in four) chance that they may both pass the changed copy of the gene on to their child (qq, see figure 2.) As the child then does not have an unchanged, fully functioning copy of the gene, they will develop the condition.
There is also a 25 per cent chance that each child of the same parents may be unaffected, and a 50 per cent chance that they may be carriers of the condition.
Figure 2 - Father (carrier)
Q
P
Mother (carrier)
Q
QQ
(unaffected)
Qq
(carrier)
q
Qq
(carrier)
qq
(affected)
Recessive genetic conditions are more likely to arise if two parents are related, although they are still quite rare. Examples of autosomal recessive genetic conditions include cystic fibrosis and phenylketonuria (PKU).
Co-dominant genes
Not all genes are either dominant or recessive. Sometimes, each allele in the gene pair carries equal weight and will show up as a combined physical characteristic. For example, with blood groups, the A allele is as ‘strong’ as the B allele. The A and B alleles are said to be co-dominant. Someone with one copy of A and one copy of B has the blood group AB.
The inheritance pattern of children from parents with blood groups B (BO) and A (AO) is given in figure 3.
Each one of their children has a 25 per cent chance of having blood group AB (AB), A (AO), B (BO) or O (OO), depending on which alleles they inherit.
Figure 3 - Father’s blood group - (group B)
B
O
Mother’s blood group
A
AB
(group AB)
AO
(group A)
(group A)
O
OB
(group B)
OO
(group O)
Gene changes in cells
A cell reproduces by copying its genetic information then splitting in half, forming two individual cells. Occasionally, an alteration occurs in this process, causing a genetic change.
When this happens, chemical messages sent to the cell may also change. This spontaneous genetic change can cause issues in the way the person’s body functions.
Sperm and egg cells are known as ‘germ’ cells. Every other cell in the body is called ‘somatic’ (meaning ‘relating to the body’).
If a change in a gene happens spontaneously in a person’s somatic cells, they may develop the condition related to that gene change, but won’t pass it on to their children. For example, skin cancer can be caused by a build-up of spontaneous changes in genes in the skin cells caused by damage from UV radiation. Other causes of spontaneous gene changes in somatic cells include exposure to chemicals and cigarette smoke. However, if the gene change occurs in a person’s germ cells, that person’s children have a chance of inheriting the altered gene.
Genetic conditions
About half of the Australian population will be affected at some point in their life by a condition that is at least partly genetic in origin. Scientists estimate that more than 10,000 conditions are caused by changes in single genes.
The three ways in which genetic conditions can arise are:
a change in a gene occurs spontaneously in the formation of the egg or sperm, or at conception
a changed gene is passed from parent to child that causes health issues at birth or later in life
a changed gene is passed from parent to child that causes a ‘genetic susceptibility’ to a condition.
Having a genetic susceptibility to a condition does not mean that you will develop the condition. It means that you are at increased risk of developing it if certain environmental factors, such as diet or exposure to chemicals, trigger its onset. If these triggering conditions do not occur, you may never develop the condition.
Some types of cancer are triggered by environmental factors such as diet and lifestyle. For example, prolonged exposure to the sun is linked to melanoma. Avoiding such triggers means significantly reducing the risks.
Genes and genetics – related parents
Related parents are more likely than unrelated parents to have children with health problems or genetic conditions. This is because the two parents share one or more common ancestors and so carry some of the same genetic material. If both partners carry the same inherited gene change, their children are more likely to have a genetic condition.
Related couples are recommended to seek advice from a clinical genetics service if their family has a history of a genetic condition.
Genetic counselling and testing
If a family member has been diagnosed with a genetic condition, or if you know that a genetic condition runs in your family, it can be helpful to speak to a genetic counsellor.
Genetic counsellors are health professionals qualified in both counselling and genetics. As well as providing emotional support, they can help you to understand a genetic condition and what causes it, how it is inherited (if it is), and what a diagnosis means for you and your family.
Genetic counsellors are trained to provide information and support that is sensitive to your family circumstances, culture and beliefs.
Genetic services in Victoria provide genetic consultation, counselling, testing and diagnostic services for children, adults, families, and prospective parents. They also provide referral to community resources, including support groups, if needed.
Where to get help
Your GP (doctor)
Paediatrician
Genetic counsellor service
Victorian Clinical Genetics Services (VCGS) Tel. 1300 118 247 or (03) 8341 6212
Genetic Support Network Victoria Tel. (03) 8341 6315
References
Chromosome changes, Centre for Genetics Education, NSW Health.
When parents are relatives – consanguinity, Centre for Genetics Education, NSW Health.
Online Mendelian inheritance in man (OMIM), McKusick-Nathans Institute for Genetic Medicine, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and the National Center for Biotechnology Information, National Library of Medicine (Bethesda, MD).
Basic genetics, Learn.genetics: Genetic Science Learning Centre, Eccles Institute of Human Genetics, University of Utah, USA.
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
1/4 How would you rate this website?
Excellent
Good
Average
Fair
Poor
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
Please note that we cannot answer personal medical queries.
If you are looking for health or medical advice we recommend that you:
talk to your doctor or pharmacist
dial triple zero (000) in an emergency
ring NURSE-ON-CALL Tel. 1300 60 60 24.
2/4 Your Comments
Tell us who you are
Select an option
Health consumer
Health professional
Others
Enter your comments below (optional)
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
3/4 Questions
What are you here to do?
Looking for information on
Improving general health and wellbeing
Better relationships
A specific health condition and its treatment
Children’s health
Food, nutrition and healthy recipes
Medication
Exercise or fitness
Others
Did you find what you were looking for?
Yes
No
Next Submit Now Cancel
Send us your feedback
Rate this website
Your comments
Questions
Your details
4/4 Your details
Postcode
Email Address
Submit Now
Cancel
Send us your feedback
Thank you. Your feedback has been successfully sent.
More information
Genes and genetics
The following content is displayed as Tabs. Once you have activated a link navigate to the end of the list to view its associated content. The activated link is defined as Active Tab
Genes and genetics explained
A-Z of genetic conditions
Genes and genetics explained
Genes and genetics explained
Children inherit physical characteristics such as eye colour from their parents through their genes...
Genetic conditions
Genetic conditions are caused by an altered or faulty gene or set of genes...
Genetic services in Victoria
Genetic services can help people who are affected by, or who are at risk of, inherited conditions or birth defects, to make informed choices about their healthcare...
Genetics – frequently asked questions
Finding out you have a genetic condition can raise all kinds of questions for you and your family. Get some key information from a genetic counsellor...
Genetic counsellor
Genetic counsellors provide information, support and advice to people undergoing or considering genetic testing...
A-Z of genetic conditions
Cancer and heredity
Latest research suggests that most cancers are caused by environmental rather than genetic factors...
Central nervous system birth defects
Folic acid taken before conception, and during at least the first four weeks of pregnancy, can prevent around seven out of 10 cases of neural tube defects...
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT)
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease is the most common inherited disorder affecting the peripheral nervous system...
Cleft palate and cleft lip
Most cleft palates and cleft lips can be repaired so that appearance and speech develop normally...
Cri du chat syndrome
Most children born with cri du chat syndrome have moderate intellectual disability, with varying degrees of speech delay and some health problems...
Cystic fibrosis (CF)
When a person has cystic fibrosis, their mucus glands secrete very thick sticky mucus that clogs the tiny air passages in the lungs and traps bacteria...
Down syndrome
With the support and opportunities available to them today, most people with Down syndrome are able to achieve and participate as valued members of their community...
Dwarfism
Dwarfism refers to a group of conditions characterised by shorter than normal skeletal growth...
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD)
The World Health Organization recommends that pregnant women should avoid alcohol...
Fibrous dysplasia
Fibrous dysplasia causes abnormal growth or swelling of bone, but it is not a form of cancer...
Fragile X syndrome
The facts about fragile X syndrome are complicated, and parents and family members are invited to ask their doctor to refer them to a genetics clinic...
Friedreich's ataxia
To the casual observer, a person with Friedreich ataxia may seem to be drunk...
Genetic factors and cholesterol
Familial hypercholesterolaemia is an inherited condition characterised by higher than normal levels of blood cholesterol...
Haemochromatosis
Haemochromatosis (iron overload disorder) tends to be under-diagnosed, partly because its symptoms are similar to those caused by a range of other illnesses...
Haemophilia
All children with severe haemophilia are given preventative treatment with infusions of blood products before they have a bleed...
Hearing problems in children
The earlier that hearing loss is identified in children, the better for the child?s language, learning and overall development...
Huntington's disease
The symptoms of Huntington's disease usually, but not always, first appear when the person is approaching middle age...
Kabuki syndrome
Kabuki syndrome affects males and females equally and there is no cure...
Kennedy's disease
Kennedy's disease is a rare inherited neuromuscular disorder that causes progressive weakening and wasting of the muscles, particularly the arms and legs...
Kidneys - medullary cystic kidney disease
Medullary cystic kidney disease causes the growth of abnormal cysts in the kidneys...
Kidneys - polycystic kidney disease (PKD)
Polycystic kidney disease is a common cause of kidney failure in Australia and equally affects men and women of different ethnic backgrounds...
Leukodystrophy
Leukodystrophy refers to a group of inherited disorders that affect the white matter of the brain, which causes loss of normal brain functions...
Long QT syndrome
You should be investigated for long QT syndrome if you faint for no apparent reason, during or after exercise or emotional excitement...
McCune-Albright syndrome
The severity of symptoms or how a child with McCune-Albright syndrome will be affected throughout life is difficult to predict...
Muscular dystrophy
People affected by muscular dystrophy have different degrees of independence, mobility and carer needs...
Neurofibromatosis
Neurofibromatosis is caused by faulty genes, which may be inherited or have spontaneously mutated at conception...
Noonan syndrome
Noonan syndrome is a genetic condition that usually includes heart abnormalities and characteristic facial features...
Phenylketonuria (PKU)
PKU is an inherited disorder that prevents the normal breakdown of a protein found in some foods...
Porphyria
Porphyria can affect the skin, nervous system, gastrointestinal system or all of these, depending on the specific type...
Prader-Willi syndrome
A feature of Prader-Willi syndrome is the child's excessive appetite, which often leads to obesity...
Premature and early menopause
The symptoms of premature or early menopause are the same as for menopause at any age...
Rett syndrome
People with Rett syndrome have a keen desire to communicate...
Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA)
A child with spinal muscular atrophy type 1 rarely lives beyond three years of age...
Tay-Sachs disease
Tay-Sachs disease is a serious genetic disorder common in Ashkenazi Jews and French-Canadians...
Thalassaemia
Thalassaemia is an inherited blood disorder that can cause anaemia or death if not treated...
Tourette syndrome
Milder forms of Tourette syndrome can be misdiagnosed, as it often occurs at the same time as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and other disorders...
Treacher Collins syndrome
Treacher Collins syndrome is a genetic disorder that affects growth and development of the head, causing facial defects and hearing loss...
Trisomy disorders
Children affected by trisomy usually have a range of birth defects, including delayed development and intellectual disabilities...
Von Willebrand disease
A person with von Willebrand disease may have frequent nosebleeds, heavy menstruation or excessive bleeding from the mouth...
Williams syndrome
Williams syndrome often goes undiagnosed, which means that some people with the disorder fail to get the support and treatment they need until later in life...
Related Information
Genetic conditions
Genetic services, testing and conditions...
Genetic services and support
Genetic services provide support, information and guidance to patients and families about genetics and genetic testing. Find out more about accessing these services...
Genetic conditions
Genetic conditions are caused by an altered or faulty gene or set of genes...
Genetic services in Victoria
Genetic services can help people who are affected by, or who are at risk of, inherited conditions or birth defects, to make informed choices about their healthcare...
Genetics – frequently asked questions
Finding out you have a genetic condition can raise all kinds of questions for you and your family. Get some key information from a genetic counsellor...
Home
Related information on other websites
Centre for Genetics Education, NSW Government
Genetic Support Network of Victoria.
Victorian Clinical Genetics Services.
Support Groups
Genetic Support Network Victoria
Content Partner
This page has been produced in consultation with and approved by:
Department of Health and Human Services
Last updated:
October 2019
Content on this website is provided for information purposes only. Information about a therapy, service, product or treatment does not in any way endorse or support such therapy, service, product or treatment and is not intended to replace advice from your doctor or other registered health professional. The information and materials contained on this website are not intended to constitute a comprehensive guide concerning all aspects of the therapy, product or treatment described on the website. All users are urged to always seek advice from a registered health care professional for diagnosis and answers to their medical questions and to ascertain whether the particular therapy, service, product or treatment described on the website is suitable in their circumstances. The State of Victoria and the Department of Health & Human Services shall not bear any liability for reliance by any user on the materials contained on this website.
My Health Life helps you manage your health
With tools, information and recommendations tailored to you, it’s your personal and secure health dashboard.
Learn more
Medical Dictionary
Enter a search term
Search
Search for your topic using the Merriam Webster medical dictionary
Service Search
Service Search
Find services near you
Service:
Select a service
Aboriginal Health Clinic
Aboriginal Health Worker
Acupuncture
Adolescent Mental Health Services
Adult Mental Health Services
Adult-community education
Aged care assessment
Aged Care information-referral
Aged Care Transport
Aged Residential Care
Air ambulance
Alexander technique therapy
Anaesthesiology - Pain Medicine
Aromatherapy
Audiology
Bereavement counselling
Biorhythm services
Blood donation
Bowen therapy
Cancer Support Groups
Cardiology
Cardiothoracic surgery
Carer support
Case management for older persons
Cemeteries & Fees
Child protection-child abuse report
Childrens play programs
Chinese herbal medicine
Chiropractic
Chronic Disease Management
Clinical Genetics
Clinical Pharmacology
Community bus
Community Cancer Services
Community Hours
Cranio-Sacral Therapy
Crisis counselling
Crisis-emergency accommodation
Culturally tailored health promotion
Culturally tailored support groups
Delivered meals
Deputising Service
Dermatology
Diabetes Educator
Diagnostic Ultrasound
Dietetics
Disability advocacy
Disability aids - equipment
Disability Care Transport
Disability case management
Disability information-referral
Disability support packages
Disability supported accommodation
Drug and-or alcohol counselling
Drug and-or alcohol support groups
Early childhood intervention
Education information-referral
Emergency Department
Emergency medical
Employment placement and-or support
Endocrinology
Endodontic
Exercise Physiology
Family day care
Family planning
Family Violence
Family violence counselling
Feldenkrais
Financial assistance
Financial counselling
Financial information-advice
Flying doctor service
Food Relief-food-meals
Food safety
Foster care
Friendly visiting
Funeral services
Gastroenterology
Gastroenterology - Hepatology
General dental
General Mental Health Services
General Practice/GP (doctor)
General Practice-GP
Generalist counselling
Genetic counselling
Geriatric medicine
Gynaecological Oncology
Gynaecology
Health advocacy-Liaison service
Health counselling
Health information-referral
Hearing aids - equipment
Hepatology
Higher education
Holiday programs
Home care-housekeeping assistance
Home maintenance and repair
Home Medicine Review
Home Nursing
Homelessness support
Homoeopathy
Hospital
Hospital Services
Housing information-referral
Hydrotherapy
Hypnotherapy
Immunisation
Immunology - Allergy
Infectious diseases
Inpatients
Integrated Family Services
Intensive care medicine
Juvenile Justice
Kindergarten-preschool
Kinesiology
Kinship Care
Legal advocacy
Legal information-advice-referral
Library
Long day child care
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Magnetic therapy
Martial arts
Massage therapy
Material aid
Maternal and Child Health
Maternity & Newborn Services
Mediation
Medical Oncology
Medical Research
Meditation
Mental health advocacy
Mental health information-referral
Mental Health Services
Migrant Health Clinic
Music Therapy
Myotherapy
Naturopathy
Neonatology - Perinatology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Nurse led Clinic
Nurse Practitioner led Clinic
Nursing
Nutrition
Obstetrics
Obstetrics - Gynaecology
Occasional child care
Occupational Medicine
Occupational therapy
Ophthalmology
Optometry
Oral medicine
Oral surgery
Orthodontic
Orthopaedic surgery
Osteopathy
Outpatients
Outreach Service
Outside school hours care
Paediatric Cardiology
Paediatric Clinical Genetics
Paediatric Clinical Pharmacology
Paediatric Dentistry
Paediatric Dermatology
Paediatric Endocrinology
Paediatric Haematology
Paediatric Immunology
Allergy
Paediatric Infectious diseases
Paediatric intensive care medicine
Paediatric Medical Oncology
Paediatric Medicine
Paediatric Nephrology
Paediatric Neurology
Paediatric Nuclear Medicine
Paediatric Rehabilitation Medicine
Paediatric Rheumatology
Paediatric Sleep Medicine
Paediatric Surgery
Paediatric Thoracic Medicine
Palliative Medicine
Pathology - Clinical Chemistry
Pathology - General
Pathology - Genetics
Pathology - Haematology
Pathology - Immunology
Pathology - Microbiology
Patient transport
Periodontic
Personal alarms-alerts
Personal care for older persons
Personal fitness training
Pharmacy
Physical activity group
Physical activity programs
Physical fitness testing
Physiotherapy
Pilates
Placement Protection
Planned activity groups
Plastic - Reconstructive Surgery
Playgroup
Podiatry
Primary education
Problem gambling counselling
Prosthetics - Orthotics
Prosthodontic
Psychiatry
Psychology
Public Health Medicine
Public rental housing
Quit program
Radiation oncology
Reflexology
Refugee Health Clinic
Rehabilitation Medicine
Reiki
Relationship counselling
Relaxation therapy
Respite care
Rheumatology
School nursing
Secondary education
Sexual assault counselling
Sexual health
Shiatsu
Sleep Medicine
Social Support
Social Work
Speech pathology-therapy
Spiritual Counselling
Sporting club
Support groups
Surgery - General
Telephone Counselling
Thoracic medicine
Toy library
Training - vocational education
Translating Services
Trauma counselling
Urogynaecology
Urology
Vascular surgery
Veterans Services
Victims of crime counselling
Vocational Rehabilitation
Western herbal medicine
Womens Health Clinic
Yoga
Youth drop in-assistance-support
Location:
Type a minimum of three characters then press UP or DOWN on the keyboard to navigate the autocompleted search results
Use my location
Find a doctor
Need to find a doctor in your local area?
Take a look at the general practitioners entry in our health service profiles.
see general practitioner
Recent Activity
8 people have watched a video today
Health topics
Conditions and treatments
Healthy living
Services and support
Explore
Recipes
Healthy pantry
Videos
Consumer medicine information
Multilingual health information - Health Translations Directory
About
About us
Accessibility
Content partners
Privacy
Terms of use
Contact us
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Page last reviewed: 25 Sep 2019
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/health/conditionsandtreatments/genes-and-genetics
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/privacy
Privacy Statement
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Copyright Notice
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au:443/about/terms-of-use
Disclaimer Notice
This web site is managed and authorised by the Department of Health & Human Services, State Government of Victoria, Australia
© Copyright State of Victoria 2020.
Back to Top