https://www.iseatz.com/iseatz-privacy-policy?hsLang=en
iSeatz Privacy Policy
Introduction
iSeatz, Inc. specializes in providing customized, best-in-class travel product booking solutions for the biggest brands in travel, hospitality, and finance. From hotel reservations to ground transportation to ancillary travel product sales and beyond, our proven technology and travel commerce expertise combine to reliably deliver custom UI, responsive mobile experiences, advanced analytics and micro-moment marketing for the most widely-respected brands in the world. At iSeatz, the privacy and security of our clients, partners, and visitors are of paramount importance. iSeatz is committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, transfer and disclose information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual that we may obtain about you through use of our website and IT platforms (“Personal Information”).
This Privacy Policy applies to iSeatz’s corporate web site, www.iseatz.com, as well as the other websites and online access platforms that iSeatz operates and that link to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not cover our use of information collected through any other means, including through other websites to which we may link. The information practices and the content of such other websites are governed by the privacy statements of such other websites. iSeatz also adheres to the privacy policies of its clients in the event it collects, stores and/or transmits data as part of the services that it provides to such clients. We encourage you to read this and all privacy policies carefully so that you understand what information is collected from you and how that information is or may be used.
Your use of the iSeatz site constitutes your express acknowledgment of and agreement to the terms, disclaimers and conditions of use contained within this site and in this Privacy Policy. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact iSeatz by email at privacy@iseatz.com.
Collection of Personal Information
Unless otherwise restricted by separate agreement, iSeatz may collect, record and analyze information of visitors to its websites and platforms. By visiting the iSeatz websites and platforms, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information as described herein. Such Personal Information may comprise your IP address, first and last name, your postal and email address, your telephone number, your job title, data for social networks, your areas of interest, interest in iSeatz products, and certain information about your skills, certifications, levels of training, job experience, and the company you work for (company name and address), as well as information as to the type of relationship that exists between you and iSeatz. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not visit the iSeatz websites or platforms. If required by applicable law, we will seek your explicit consent to process Personal Information collected on our websites or platforms or volunteered by you. Any consent will be entirely voluntary; however, if you do not grant the requested consent to the processing of your Personal Information, the use of the iSeatz websites or platforms may not be possible. Personal Information iSeatz obtains from you is generally necessary or useful for iSeatz to provide the services or information you have requested.
User-provided Information: In connection with the services iSeatz provides, we may ask you to provide your name, physical address, ZIP code, phone number, e-mail address, and services received or requested. Your submission of such information online is deemed your consent to iSeatz’s use of the information as contemplated in this Privacy Policy.
Website/Platform Usage Information: Some information is automatically collected as you browse our websites and/or platforms. Our website or platforms servers automatically collect information such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, the average time spent on the websites, pages viewed, information searched, access times, and other relevant statistics.
Cookies: We also use cookies on our websites and platforms. Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to ‘remember’ you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a ‘session cookie’) or for multiple repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you visit (known as ‘first party cookies’), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website (‘third party cookies’).  iSeatz may use cookies for a number of different purposes, some of which are necessary for technical reasons, to enable a personalized experience for both visitors and registered users, or to allow the display of advertising from selected third party networks. Some cookies may be set when a page is loaded, or when a visitor takes a particular action. Most browsers provide for ways to control cookie behavior such as the length of time they are stored — either through built-in functionality or by utilizing third party plugins. To opt-out of targeted advertising, please send an email with “opt-out of advertising” in the title at privacy@iseatz.com. More information about our targeted advertising can be found in  Adroll’s  Privacy Policy.
Analytics:  We collect analytics information when you use the websites or platforms to help us improve them, including through the use of cookies. We may also share anonymous data about your actions on our websites with third-party service providers of analytics services.
Social Media Features:  Our websites may include social media features, which may collect your IP address and information concerning which page you are visiting on our websites or platforms and may set a cookie to enable the social media feature to function properly. If you provide iSeatz with your social media details, iSeatz may retrieve publicly available information about you from social media. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site(s), and your interactions with these social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the social media feature, such as Facebook or Twitter.
Children’s Personal Information:  We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our websites or services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the websites or services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through the websites or services, please contact us at privacy@iseatz.com, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.
Use of Personal Information
iSeatz uses your Personal Information obtained through our websites for the following purposes:
Providing the services or information you have requested;
Personalizing your experience on the websites;
Providing customer support;
To improve the websites; and
For other legitimate business purposes.
We may collect and use your Personal Information when:
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information. For example, we may seek to obtain your consent for our uses of cookies or similar technologies or to send you marketing communications.
We need your Personal Information to provide you with products and services, or to respond to your inquiries.
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information.
We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information, such as to ensure and improve the safety, security, and performance of our products and services, to provide you with the correct version of our websites or carry out data analyses.
We indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so, at the time of the collection of your Personal Information. If you do not provide the Personal Information necessary to provide you with our products and services, you will not be able to benefit from them.
If you wish to inquire about your Personal Information that may have been collected on the iSeatz platform, please contact us at privacy@iseatz.com.
Personal Information of Clients
In order to provide services to its Clients, iSeatz may also collect certain types of data from them. Except as required to maintain and fulfill certain Client services, data entered or transferred into iSeatz’s platform or databases by Clients, such as content, proprietary data, texts, questions, contacts, media files, etc., remains the property of the Client and may not be shared with a third party by iSeatz without express consent from the Client.
During a Client’s registration and later on iSeatz’s service platforms, information such as name, company name, email, address, telephone, credit-card number and other relevant data may be provided. This information is used by iSeatz to identify the Client and provide them with support, services, communications, sales and marketing actions, billing and to meet contractual obligations.
iSeatz maintains separate Client databases with varying access protocols and procedures that may permit a Client to access and edit, update or delete Client details. It is the responsibility of the Client to be diligent in maintaining access to the iSeatz platforms to those Client personnel with appropriate authority. Once a person accesses the iSeatz platform on behalf of a Client, such person meets the definition of Client in this policy. iSeatz will not retain Client data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
International Collection, Use and Transfers
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA Visitors Only): If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it; however, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you (e.g., to provide you with our services), where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time why we need to use your Personal Information. If we process Personal Information in reliance on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
iSeatz does not sell the personal information of our customers. iSeatz does not collect the personal information of minors.
If you believe that iSeatz has obtained your personal information, and would like to request what information iSeatz has collected about you, or have us update or delete your information, please contact us via one of the following methods:
Fill out the iSeatz Personal Information Request Form
contact the iSeatz Privacy Center at 1-877-317-7763, ext. 213.
If you are visiting our websites from the EEA or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  For users and Clients with corporate headquarters or chain of custody in the EU or for Clients providing information from the iSeatz platform to personnel in the EU, if applicable, iSeatz will be the data controller of your Personal Information under the European Union General Data Protection Act (the “GDPR”) in so far as your data was provided to iSeatz while you were located in the EU. For more information on whether the GDPR applies to your personal data, please see https://www.eugdpr.org/.
If you or your organization are required under the GDPR to enter into a contract, or other binding legal act under EU or Member State law, with your data processors, please contact iSeatz regarding applicable data processing requirements.
Geographical Location of Personal Data
iSeatz may offer a number of data regions from time to time. An iSeatz  “Data Region” is a set of data centers located within a defined geographical area where data is stored. Personal Information may be retrieved and accessed from any Data Region. Currently iSeatz processes data solely in data centers located in the US. iSeatz has adopted reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards which substantially mirror the safeguards enacted by the EU against accidental, unauthorized or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use or processing of the Personal Information in iSeatz’s possession. iSeatz will notify the Client in the event of any known unauthorized access to, or use of, applicable Personal Information in compliance with applicable laws.
All data collected by iSeatz Clients through the platform will be stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities. iSeatz’s contract with its hosting provider is designed to ensure that all hosting is performed in accordance best industry practices and in compliance with applicable regulations. iSeatz’s policy is to protect and safeguard any Personal Information obtained by iSeatz in accordance with United States state or federal laws governing the protection of Personal Information and data. Accordingly, iSeatz adheres to practices and policies that aim to safeguard the data pursuant to such standards.
Retention and Deletion
iSeatz will not retain Personal Information longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Acceptance of These Conditions
We assume that all users of our websites and/or platforms have carefully read this Privacy Policy and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, they should refrain from using our website and/or platforms. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as necessity dictates. Continued use of iSeatz websites and/or platforms after having been informed of any such changes to these conditions implies acceptance of the revised privacy policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of iSeatz’s terms of use.
Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Information
We will reveal Personal Information without prior permission only when we have reason to believe that the disclosure of this information is required to establish the identity of, to contact or to initiate legal proceedings against a person or persons who are suspected of infringing rights or property belonging to iSeatz or to others who could be harmed by the user’s activities or of persons who could (deliberately or otherwise) transgress upon these rights and property. We are permitted to disclose Personal Information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required.
For Further Information
If you have any further questions regarding the data iSeatz collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email at: privacy@ iseatz.com, or in writing at the above address.
Last Updated June 2019
iSeatz’s Data Protection Officer
iSeatz has a “Data Protection Officer” who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address:
iSeatz, Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
643 Magazine Street
Suite 100
New Orleans, LA 70130
dataprotectionofficer@iseatz.com
Let's Talk
General Inquiry
Partner with iSeatz
643 Magazine StreetSuite 100New Orleans, LA 70130NOLA
Home
About Us
The iSeatz Advantage
Technology
Working at iSeatz
Contact
Toll Free: 877-317-7763
Main Office: 504-586-1234
643 Magazine Street, Suite 100
New Orleans, LA 70130
© 2019 iSeatz.
Privacy Policy
In Partnership with