http://www.apex-books.com/apex/company/terms_use_agreement.htm
Home
Company
About Us
Contact Apex
Copyright Policy
Copyright Permissions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Support
How to Order
Return Policy
Discount Policy
Desk/Exam Copies
Contact Apex
Books
The Brewer's Handbook
Grape Grower's Handbook
Greenhouse Management
Organic Crop Production
Company
About Apex
Contact Apex
Copyright Policy
Copyright Permissions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Terms of Use Agreement
Welcome to our Web site. By using our site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following terms carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not use this site. The term "Apex," "us" or "our" refers to Apex Publishers, the legal name of the owner of the Web site. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our Web Site.
1. Acceptance and Agreement
You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") with respect to our site (the "Site"). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Site, the content, products or services provided by or through the Site, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by us from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the Site, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
2. Copyright
The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part of the Site, except as allowed by Section 4 below, is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through the Site. The posting of information or materials on the Site does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials. Some of the content on the site is the copyrighted work of third parties.
3. Service Marks
"Apex" and others are our service marks or registered service marks or trademarks. Other product and company names mentioned on the Site may be trademarks of their respective owners.
4. Limited License; Permitted Uses
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license (a) to access and use the Site strictly in accordance with this Agreement; (b) to use the Site solely for internal, personal, non-commercial purposes; and (c) to print out discrete information from the Site solely for internal, personal, non-commercial purposes and provided that you maintain all copyright and other policies contained therein. No print out or electronic version of any part of the Site or its contents may be used by you in any litigation or arbitration matter whatsoever under any circumstances.
5. Restrictions and Prohibitions on Use
Your license for access and use of the Site and any information, materials or documents (collectively defined as "Content and Materials") therein are subject to the following restrictions and prohibitions on use: You may not (a) copy, print (except for the express limited purpose permitted by Section 4 above), republish, display, distribute, transmit, sell, rent, lease, loan or otherwise make available in any form or by any means all or any portion of the Site or any Content and Materials retrieved from it; (b) use the Site or any materials obtained from the Site to develop, of as a component of, any information, storage and retrieval system, database, information base, or similar resource (in any media now existing or hereafter developed), that is offered for commercial distribution of any kind, including through sale, license, lease, rental, subscription, or any other commercial distribution mechanism; (c) create compilations or derivative works of any Content and Materials from the Site; (d) use any Content and Materials from the Site in any manner that may infringe any copyright, intellectual property right, proprietary right, or property right of us or any third parties; (e) remove, change or obscure any copyright notice or other proprietary notice or terms of use contained in the Site; (f) make any portion of the Site available through any timesharing system, service bureau, the Internet or any other technology now existing or developed in the future; (g) remove, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any Site software or use any network monitoring or discovery software to determine the Site architecture; (h) use any automatic or manual process to harvest information from the Site; (i) use the Site for the purpose of gathering information for or transmitting (1) unsolicited commercial email; (2) email that makes use of headers, invalid or nonexistent domain names, or other means of deceptive addressing; and (3) unsolicited telephone calls or facsimile transmissions; (j) use the Site in a manner that violates any state or federal law regulating email, facsimile transmissions or telephone solicitations; and (k) export or re-export the Site or any portion thereof, or any software available on or through the Site, in violation of the export control laws or regulations of the United States.
6. Linking to the Site
You may provide links to the Site, provided (a) that you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, advertisements, the copyright notice, or other notices on the Site, (b) your site does not engage in illegal or pornographic activities, and (c) you discontinue providing links to the Site immediately upon request by us.
7. Advertisers
The Site may contain advertising and sponsorships. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site is accurate and complies with applicable laws. We are not responsible for the illegality or any error, inaccuracy or problem in the advertiser's or sponsor's materials.
8. Errors, Corrections and Changes
We do not represent or warrant that the Site will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. We do not represent or warrant that the information available on or through the Site will be correct, accurate, timely or otherwise reliable. We may make changes to the features, functionality or content of the Site at any time. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the Site.
9. Third Party Content
Third party content may appear on the Site or may be accessible via links from the Site. We are not responsible for and assume no liability for any mistakes, misstatements of law, defamation, omissions, falsehood, obscenity, pornography or profanity in the statements, opinions, representations or any other form of content on the Site. You understand that the information and opinions in the third party content represent solely the thoughts of the author and is neither endorsed by nor does it necessarily reflect our belief.
10. Unlawful Activity
We reserve the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of this Agreement and to take any action we deem appropriate, including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to your profile, email addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information.
11. Disclaimer
This site is provided by Apex Publishers on an "as is" basis. Apex Publishers provides this web site as a service to those people seeking information. Apex Publishers assumes no responsibility for consequences resulting from the use of information on the site or information obtained through links. Apex Publishers will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained in the site. Apex Publishers is not responsible for the accuracy or content information contained in the site or in the links provided on its site. Links to and from this site do not constitute an endorsement by Apex Publishers of the parties or their products and services.
12. Links to Other Web Sites
The Site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions express in such Web sites, and such Web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked Web site on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked Web site by us. If you decide to leave our Site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
13. Website Monitoring
Apex Publishers routinely monitors other websites that may have illegally copied our content using electronic monitoring and notification software, or search engine results.
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Agreement
Contact Us
© Copyright 2019 Apex Publishers or related companies. All rights reserved.
No part of this content or the data or information included therein may be reproduced, republished or redistributed without the prior written consent of Apex Publishers. Use of this site is governed by our Copyright Policy, Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy.