http://www.angostura.com/privacy/
__________
ARE YOU ABOVE THE LEGAL DRINKING AGE.
IN YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE?
YES
/
NO
SHOP ONLINE AT SOLERATT.COM
Privacy Policy
This Online web sales Policy governs the use of the House of Angostura website www.angostura.com – and pertains to all the information found therein.
This Policy sets out the terms and conditions for use of this website and provides information on data collection, exclusion of liability and contact information.
On using this web site Angostura may collect personal data about you, either directly (where you provide the data via a prompt) or indirectly.  Angostura will only use your personal data for the purposes outlined in this Policy.
Why we collect data?
Angostura collects and processes information about customers and visitors to its web site to perform its business, to improve or expand our functionalities, features, service and product offerings, to make the website user friendly and relevant to you. The information you give will be used to contact you as required, e.g. to inform you about changes to the web site and to provide information on updates, new products or services etc.
Sensitive Data
Angostura does not collect sensitive personal data on this web site. If Angostura does seek to collect such data, your prior consent will be asked. By providing Angostura with sensitive personal data you give Angostura consent to use that data for the aforementioned purposes.
Security and Privacy
Angostura has taken all reasonable steps in the security of personal information transmitted and transactions done. These include encryption, filters and firewalls. Mindful of the remote possibilities that data security violations may occur and that complete on-line confidentiality is not 100% secure, Angostura conducts periodic reviews to assess its online security measures. As a result, Angostura may enhance its security measures and provide with instructions pertaining to your access to www.angostura.com. You agree to abide by and comply with any instructions Angostura may provide to you either on the www.angostura.com web site or through any other means.
Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy does not extend to third party sites which may be linked to this web site.
How to Contact Angostura
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our data processing activities, you can contact us (Email noreply@angostura.com /Telephone Number or 623-1847/5 ext 804 CSR)
Changes to our Internet Privacy Policy
Angostura reserves the right to update, edit or make changes to this policy and related procedures at any time. If we make any changes to our Internet policy, we will outline those changes on our web site.