http://www.classiccarclub.org/privacy-policy
Classifieds
Vehicles for Sale
Classified Ad Submission
About
Our Club
Approved Classics
Regional Clubs
Biographies
Museum
Educational Foundation
Events
News
Resources
Articles
Related Links
Judging
Art in Motion Blog
Website FAQ
Contact
Contact Us
Advertise
Store
Sign In
Join
Privacy Notice
Effective as of May 25, 2018
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://www.classiccarclub.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about events, products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Personal data - definition, collection and use
Personal data is all information that relates directly or indirectly to an identifiable individual person. CCCA collects personal data about you in three different situations:
When you visit our website – We store and process information about how you use our site. The purpose is to improve your user experience.
When you create a Membership or Subscribe to our Publications - We retain and process first name, surname, email, country and additional information that you can choose to provide to us such as address, interests, products, etc. When you buy products - We store and process your first name, surname, delivery address, email and mobile number. If you have a Publication Subscription, your purchase history is also stored and processed. The purpose is to be able to provide membership events to you, as well as improve member relations and service to you.
When you purchase training - We store and process your purchase history in addition to the information you have provided to us when you create a CCCA membership account. The purpose is to be able to provide education and improve our service to you.
How we use your personal data
The personal data we collect will be used to:
Create and administrate your CCCA Membership or Publication Subscription.
Send important notices to you, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms and conditions and policies. Send newsletters, offers and other news about benefits and upcoming events. If you do not want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out by simply clicking the unsubscribe link.
Help us develop, deliver and improve our services, content and member communications through internal audits, data analysis and research of the personal data and preferences you provided to us in connection with membership, purchases, events or other member programs, if you participate in such events.
Fulfill any obligations we have according to law, for example accounting and tax regulations.
Our processing is necessary for the performance of our obligations towards you as a member of CCCA and for you to be able to receive the benefits. If you are not willing to provide CCCA with the information requested to perform our contractual obligations towards you as a member or subscriber, we will not able to provide you with membership, subscription or delivery of products and services. In some cases, CCCA has a legal obligation to process your personal data, for example for accounting purposes and we process your personal data under this legal obligation.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this policy, you should contact us immediately by calling 1-847 390-0443 or from the contact page on our website.
Registration
In order to use the Members Section of this website, a user must first complete the Membership form and pay applicable due. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the events/products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Events
News
Store
Sign In
Join
Copyright 2018 Classic Car Club of America. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Notice
Advertise
Sponsors