https://www.flyer.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Seager Publishing Ltd.
Overview
At Seager Publishing we have always taken your privacy seriously, this document explains the data we collect, what we do with it and your rights relating to that data. As a media & events organisation we collect very little personal information, and we never sell or rent that information.
The short version
If you subscribe to our magazines, take part in our website forums, receive our email newsletters or visit one of our events then we’ll have some of your data. We use this data to fulfil our contract with you, to keep you informed, or for research so that we can better tailor what we do for you. We keep this data to a minimum, we don’t keep it for an unnecessarily long time and we don’t sell it or rent it to anyone else. Ever. If you have any questions, please email dpo@seager.aero
The long version
As the owner of your personal data you have the following rights under GDPR
The right to be informed about our collection of your data
The right of access to that data
The right to correct that data
The right to be forgotten (ie to ask us to delete your personal data)
The right to restrict any processing of that data
The right to data portability
The right to object to our use of your data for any specific purposes
If you would like to discuss any of the above, please contact our Data Protection Lead by email on dpo@seager.aero
What data do we collect
The data we collect depends on the part of our company that you are interacting with.
Print magazine subscribers (FLYER), data can include all or some of the following
Name, address
Telephone number
email address
Start & end subscription date
Credit card details*
Bank account details for Direct Debit mandate
Mail order purchases
Name, address
Telephone number
email address
Credit card details*
*Credit card details are securely destroyed immediately after transaction has been processed
FLYER website (including FLYER Forums)
Email address
Username
Date registered
Date last active
Email newsletters (FLYER & Pilot Career News)
Email address
Events data can include all or some of the following
Name
Email address
Age range
Previous attendance at an event
When you are planning to commence flight training
Where you heard about the event
Your communication preferences
Your professional aviation qualifications (for our professional pilot events)
Business partners
Company name
Names of people we deal with
Email & web address
Address & telephone numbers
Previous transactions
Future orders
Payment information
Company details (Registration and VAT)
What do we use the data for?
To mail you your subscription copy where applicable
To charge you for your subscription
To ship any goods that you have ordered
To let you know when your subscription is expiring
To renew your subscription
To email you the Flyer or Pilot Career News email newsletters
To communicate information about events for which you have purchased a ticket
To inform you about future Seager Publishing events
To ask you to rate your event experience so that we can improve it in the future
In the case of business to business customers to manage all aspects of your account
How we treat your data
We do not hold data for longer than is necessary (data for lapsed subscribers will only be kept for two years after your subscription lapsed)
We will not sell your data to third parties
We will not rent the data to third parties
Along with our partners we strive to keep your data secure
We use some third parties for transactions, these include PayPal, Amazon, Eventbrite, Mailchimp, Apple, Jellyfish, Xero etc. Many of these transactions are between you and the provider, so for example if you subscribe to Flyer via Apple’s iStore, we will not be aware of your identity or of any other details.
Share FacebookTwitterLinkedinemail
Flyer
Newsletter
Subscribe Me
Fly-ins & events1 January 2021New Year's Day Fly-in, Bodmin1 January 2021New Year's Day Fly-in, Popham28 - 30 January 2021Deland Sport Aviation Showcase, Florida - postponed16 - 18 February 2021Saudi International Airshow10 - 11 March 2021Helitech Expo 202125 - 26 March 2021Artists In Residence, BodminMore@Flyer_Magazine Tweets by Flyer_Magazine
Twitter @Flyer_Magazine
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
×
×