http://www.vk5tm.com/terms.php
Home
Homebrew
In Alphabetical Order (hopefully)
Battery Monitor
DDS Signal Generator
DDS Auto Band Filter switching
DDS Xtal Substitute-2017 Update
DDS Xtal Substitute MK2-Retired
DX160 Mods
Frequency Dependant switch
Noise Canceller - aka X-Phase
PCB Info
PicKit3 Programming Adapter pcb
PSK
Si5351 Local Oscillator module Pt1
Si5351 Local Oscillator module Pt2
Simple DDS VFO-2017 Update
Simple DDS Sweeper
Simple SDR
Misc
Band plans
Old Radio's
QSL Cards
FT757 Battery Replacement
Encoder Headaches
Gallery
G3OAG Filter/leveller for DDS modules
F5ITU Simple DDS VFO Mods
Philips PM5326 DDS Mod
Model Railway
Layout
Electronic Project - Camp Fire
Electronic Project - Flouro Simulator
Electronic Project - Random Flasher
Electronic Project - Welder
About
About me
Shack
Gear
Antenna's
Website Terms & Conditions
Rants
Contact
News, Updates and Other Minutiae
October 2020
Added more to Grumpy Old Man Page
Added weather widget above - not sure if it's going to stay.
Didn't stay long as it interferred with the menu bar.
August 2020
Sorted the Homebrew menu into alphabetical order and moved a couple of items to the Misc menu.
Page updated 9 Aug 2020
Updated a project from 1999 and added start of a new updated version - A Simple Battery Monitor for SLA/AGM/Lead Acid Batteries.
Updated the software for the Simple DDS VFO.
There is now just one common code file for all the variations of the Simple DDS VFO.
Added the saving and recall of the current selected step size and LED step indication.
March 2020
Added a Grumpy Old Man page where I let loose at whatever's bugging me, Rants on the menu above.
Privacy Policy uploaded. It may be viewed at the Privacy Policy link in the footer.
As of October 2017, I will be asking for a donation in exchange for providing custom modified code for my projects to help keep this site available.
GPDR and all that stuff
In accordance with various bits of legislation around the world, either currently in force, about to come into force or proposed, you will now find that annoying "We use cookies" notice at the top of this website.
Please note that the ONLY cookies currently used on this site are for that pop-up (see https://cookieconsent.insites.com/) and Google Analytics.
The full Privacy Policy is available at the Privacy Policy link in the footer at the bottom of the page.
(If you don't know what GPDR is, Google it. Real scary shit for ANYBODY with a web presence.)
Terms & Conditions
All content and information on the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This information may be freely used by private individuals, subject to the
following conditions. If you do not agree with these conditions, please do not continue to browse this web site.
The information is provided by T Mowles VK5TM and other third parties. While we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website, for any purpose.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meets your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, graphics and content. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the website operator, are acknowledged as being owned by their respective owners.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website or any information contained within this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of T Mowles VK5TM. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Further, the content of any external links belong to their respective owners.
Commercial use of ANY information on this website is expressly forbidden without the prior written permission of the owner and royalties will be payable. Any unathorised use will be rigorously persued and court action taken.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the State of South Australia.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, T Mowles VK5TM takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control, or any other cause.
Obligatory Legal Stuff
Copyright © 2011 - 2020 T Mowles VK5TM.
(All rights reserved)
Privacy Policy
Unless otherwise noted, all content on this website belongs to the site-owner.
No person, corporation or other legal entity is permitted to make use of this content in any fashion or for any use other than personal use,
without the express written permission of the site-owner except for fair use provisions as allowed by appropriate copyright law.
See website Terms & Conditions.
Content contained in offsite links and all trademarks belong to their respective owners.