http://www.wrsc.org.uk/homepage/privacy-policy
Want To Join?
Training Request
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Visitors
Location
Membership
About Us
Club Organisation
Juniors
Club History
Sailing
Bart's Bash
Weather forecasts
Fleet Classes
2020 Calendar
Mainsheet newsletter
What should I sail?
Training
Learn to sail
The Next Steps
Training Videos
Training Request
Racing Results
Training Brochure
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose of this notice
This notice tells you how West Riding Sailing Club will collect and process your personal data when you access this website.
2. Automated collection of personal information
As with most other web servers, when you access these web pages certain information you provide will automatically be recorded by West Riding Sailing Club. This may include your IP address, browser type, and information relating to the page you last visited. This information is processed to estimate how much usage of the server is made by different categories of users and in the event of a breach of security may be used to aid detection.
3. Non-automated collection
Where you are required under this website to provide personal data the uses of this data will be indicated at the point of collection.
4. Third party access
Any personal data that you provide will not routinely be sent to other third-parties (unless notified - see 3. above).
Credit card details
Where credit/debit card details have been requested as part of a transaction between you and us, these details will be encrypted and handled by a secure web server using SSL technology.
5. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Our website uses first party cookies which are set by our web server as opposed to a different web server. They are categorised as strictly necessary, which are essential to the operation of the website, and performance cookies which collect anonymous information about the usage of our website. By using our website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
We do not use cookies to collect personal information about you. Should you wish to restrict or block cookies which are set by our website you can do this through your browser settings. The 'help' function within your browser or the manual that comes with your device should tell you how. You may also wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how you can do this on a wide variety of browsers. Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website.
6. Changes to this statement
This notice and therefore the ways in which your data may be processed can be changed from time to time. Any changes will only be notified via this web page.
7. Further information and contact
If you have any queries relating to this privacy notice or the way your data is being processed through this website then please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Go to top