http://www.interexchange.org/privacy/
Travel AbroadBecome a HostFoundationEventsBlogContact UsLog InCORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) UPDATES
×Privacy PolicyEffective Date: February 01, 2018InterExchange, Inc. (“InterExchange”, “we,” “us,” “our”) values the trust you place in us when you use www.InterExchange.org and our affiliated websites, applications, and online services (collectively, our “Websites”) to access our international cultural exchange programs and related services (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your information. This Privacy Policy applies to our Websites that link to it, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.BY USING OUR WEBSITES AND MAKING THE CHOICES YOU MADE WHEN YOU REGISTERED, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF USE AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, RETENTION, AND PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Websites. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any material changes to our Websites. Your continued use of our Websites following the posting of any changes will mean you accept those changes. You may change your preferences regarding use of your personal information, including to withdraw consent to the use of your personal information, by changing your account profile through our Website.This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites and mobile applications that may link to the Websites or be linked to on the Websites. We are not responsible for the actions or privacy practices of third-party websites and applications; please consult those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.Information We Collect About YouHow We Use Your InformationHow We Share Your Information With OthersHow to Access and Modify Your InformationHow to Limit the Use of Your InformationCookies, Tracking Technology and Interest-Based AdvertisingHow We Secure Your InformationInformation for Users in Europe and elsewhere outside the U.S.Other Important InformationQuestions or Report a ProblemINFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OR ABOUT YOUWe collect, process, and retain information from or about you and any devices you may use when you use or interact with our Websites, and in other ways described below.Information You Give Us: We receive and store information you enter on our Websites or give us in any other way, the information may include:Your nameCompany nameTitleCompany, home, postal or other physical addressE-mail address(es)Account information (username and password)Telephone number, including mobile and VOIP numbersDate of BirthGovernment issued ID information, including social security, passport and taxpayer identification numbersEmergency contact informationPhotographsVideosDUNSHealth-related informationTransaction-related information, including, credit card, routing or other preferred means of payment or billing informationThird party personal information, such as name and email for referral purposesEmployment historyImmigration historyCriminal historyAny other Information needed to provide you with our ServicesInformation We Automatically Collect: We collect information about your use of our Websites, such as the pages you view and other interactions you have. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Websites. Our Websites use “cookies,” tagging and other tracking technologies to help enable us to enhance or personalize your online browsing experience. This information includes computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our Websites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, and device identifiers. This information also may include your browsing history, transaction history, and your web log information.Location Information: When you download or use our apps or visit our Websites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. Location information allows us to provide location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. We will only collect precise geo-location information with your consent, however some services or features may not function properly without this information. See How to Limit the Use of Your Information below.Information From Social Media: When you interact with us or our Websites on a social media platform, we may collect the personal data that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts. If you choose to log in to your account with or through a social networking service, we and that service may share certain information about you and your activities.Information From Other Sources: We may supplement the personal data we collect with information from third parties or collected offline, such as information collected by InterExchange at events, in person or collected over the phone and add it to your account information. This information may include, but is not limited to, demographic information that is publically available, additional contact information, group affiliations, occupational information, and educational background. We also may collect information about you from people you have referred us to, for example, to determine your qualifications.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use your information to help us provide the Services personalize and continually improve your experience on the Websites, fulfill requests for information, analyze and compile trends and statistics, and communicate with you. For information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see How to Limit the Use of Your Information.In accordance with your choices when you registered with us, we may use your information for:Fulfilling your requests for informationProviding ServicesContacting or notifying youPayment purposesMarketing and communications with you in relation to the ServicesPerforming market research via surveys to better serve your needs, improve the effectiveness of our Services, your experience, our various types of communications and/or promotional activitiesMatching program participants to employersVerifying program participant qualifications and requirements for work, study and volunteer programsVerifying employer quality and hosting capabilitiesVerifying family quality and hosting capabilitiesVerifying program participant quality and suitabilityReferral purposesAuditing purposesProviding empirical information for U.S. Department of State reportsProcessing visa paperworkLegal complianceIdentifying traffic patternsPre-filling fieldsEnsuring the technical functioning and optimization of our networkDeveloping new services and productsResolving disputes, troubleshooting problems and enforce our terms of usePosting user generated contentDetecting, investigating, and preventing fraudSome of these uses of your information may be in connection with our legitimate interests in providing the Services. We may use the information from one portion of the Websites on other portions of the Websites, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Websites into a single record. We may also use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources for many reasons, including to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of our records. We may retain your information as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we collected it or you agreed to upon registration, and for purposes of fraud prevention or as otherwise required by applicable law.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERSWe share your personal data with third parties as described below. For information about how to manage your information and the choices you have, see How to Limit the Use of Your Information.Third-Party Service Providers: We engage third-party service providers who work on our behalf to help us provide and support the Websites and our Services. Based on the choices you made when you registered with us, these third parties may have access to your personal data when needed to perform their functions. If we share your personal data with these parties we will require the third parties to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and they will be restricted from using, selling, or distributing your personal data in any way other than to provide the requested services to us or as otherwise required or expressly permitted by law.Business Partners: Based on the choices you made when registering, we may engage in activities that include sharing your personal data with unaffiliated third parties, such as business partners who provide products and services that we think you may be interested in. We may share information that personally identifies you with business partners who provide products and services that we think you may be interested in.Sale, Assignment or Change of Control: We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Websites. We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. Under such circumstances, we will request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy with respect to previously collected information. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations: We may also use or disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our Websites; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Websites or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the Websites or the public.Public Areas, Interactive Features and ActivitiesPlease remember that any information you share in public areas, such as articles posted on our site (such as our blog) or social media sites (such as instagram) (“Public Social Features”), becomes public and anyone may take and use that information. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any information that you expect to keep private. Please consult the applicable guidelines, if any, for use of these features. We cannot control who views information that you post in public areas of the Websites and is not responsible for how third parties, including other users may use or disclose information that you post in public areas of the Websites or otherwise share with other users or third parties.HOW TO ACCESS AND MODIFY YOUR INFORMATIONIf you have an online account with us, you can update your account information through your account.If you would like to request access, modification, correction, or deletion of personal data that you have provided to us or that you believe we may have collected about you, please contact us at privacy@interexchange.org. We may not be able to delete your personal data without also deleting your user account. You will not be permitted to examine the personal data of any other person or entity. In order to verify your identity, you may be required to provide us with personal data prior to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal data if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.We will honor any legal right that you have to access, modify or erase your personal information. To request access and to find out whether any fees may apply, if permitted by applicable state, federal, or national law (outside of the United States), please contact privacy@interexchange.org.HOW TO LIMIT THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATIONIn many instances, you have choices about the information you provide and how we use your information. These choices, and any related consequences, are described in detail below.Marketing Emails: When you create an account through our Website or sign up for certain communications, you are required to provide us with an accurate email address through which we may contact you. Based on the choices you made when you registered we may use your email address to communicate with you about offerings from us, our selected vendors, and partners. While you cannot opt-out of receiving notifications and other communications regarding your account or your transactions, you can always opt- out of receiving promotional and other marketing emails from us by: (1) using the “unsubscribe” feature in our marketing emails; (2) clicking unsubscribe here; or (3) contacting us at privacy@interexchange.org.Third-Party Service Providers/Business Partners/Affiliates/Subsidiaries: You can always rescind your consent to share your information with Third-Party Service Providers, Business Partners, Affiliates or Subsidiaries by contacting us at privacy@interexchange.org.Location Tracking: Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of precise location services by any application on your mobile device through the device’s settings’ menu.COOKIES, TRACKING TECHNOLOGY, AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISINGLike many websites, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences, and track the use of our Websites and exposure to our online advertisements.
We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the Websites, and make it easier to use and more relevant. You can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Websites may not work or may not work as designed.We partner with third-party advertising companies who also use these tracking tools to provide advertisements on our Websites or other websites. These third parties may use these technologies to collect information about you when you use the Websites. They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may also use persistent identifiers to track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond the Websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. While we do not knowingly provide these entities with information that personally identifies you such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us.Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Websites may be served by unaffiliated third parties. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by us to which our Websites link or that link to our Websites.Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to visitors, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising Choices: You also have choices to limit some tracking mechanisms that collect information when you use the Websites. Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser’s setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, certain features of our Websites, including the Websites themselves, may not function properly or remain accessible to you. In addition, you may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting or removing their associated cookies. Note that if you choose to remove cookies, you may remove opt-out cookies that affect your advertising preferences.We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., on our Websites. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Websites, compile reports on the Websites’ activity, and provide other services related to Websites activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The Websites do not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google click here.Many of the third party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Websites are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information. You can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, as well as the webpages for Facebook’s ad preferences tool and privacy policy.Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings. For more information about how to change these settings for Apple, Android or Windows devices, see:Apple: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228Android: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/Windows: http://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-outPlease note that opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Websites or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms.HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATIONWe take reasonable security measures to help protect the personal data collected through our Websites. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personal data once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.You can help protect the privacy of your own information by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized interception of your personal information. You are responsible for the security of your information that you transmit to us or view, download, or otherwise access when using unencrypted, public or otherwise unsecured networks.INFORMATION FOR USERS IN EUROPE AND ELSEWHERE OUTSIDE THE U.S.If you use our Sites outside of the United States, you understand that we may collect, process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any such transfers will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law. If applicable, you may have a right to claim compensation for damages caused by a breach of relevant data protection laws.Users in the European Union (EEA) and SwitzerlandIf you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies.Purposes of processing and legal basis for processingAs explained above, we process personal data in various ways depending upon your use of our Sites and Services. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Websites and Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.Right to lodge a complaintUsers that reside in the EEA or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here.TransfersPersonal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. Upon the start of enforcement of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will ensure that transfers of personal information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR.Individual RightsIf you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to the following rights once the GDPR becomes effective:The right to request data erasure – you have the right to have your data erased from our Websites if the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.The right to restrict or object to our processing – you have the right to restrict or object to our processing if we are processing your data based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your data for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your data for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.The right to object to automated decision making – you have a right to avoid being subject to automated decision making and insist on human intervention if we make an automated decision that produces a legal or a similarly significant effect on you.OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATIONChildren’s Data: Our Websites are intended for users ages 16 and older only. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal data from children that we know to be under the age of 16. If we become aware of personal data in our database that was collected from a child under 16, we will delete such information.Your California Privacy Rights: If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request certain information regarding the disclosure of your personal data by us and our related companies to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send your request, by mail or email, to the contact details below.QUESTIONS OR REPORT A PROBLEMFor questions about our Privacy Policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact us by email, telephone or postal mail:InterExchange
100 Wall Street, Suite 301
New York, NY 10005
(212) 924-0446
privacy@interexchange.orgLog inTravel AbroadBecome a HostFoundationEventsBlogContact UsAu PairCampCareer TrainingLearn SpanishSummer ExchangeSustainable ActionTeach EnglishWork & TravelWho We AreWhat We Stand ForThe Impact We MakeAlumniPartnersCareersPrivacyTermsMake a PaymentTEFL© 2020 InterExchange, Inc. All Rights Reserved.