https://www.palliser.co.nz/buy-wine/terms-and-conditions/
Buy Wine
Wine Shop
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Terms and Conditions
The Estate Club
Distributors
Our Story
Our Land
Our People
Our Future
Our Company
Company and Investor information
Cellar Door
Wine & Food
Group Bookings
Conference Space
Contact
Events at Palliser
Friends of Palliser
My Account
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions are intended to keep Palliser a safe place to buy wine. By using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the terms and conditions. These terms and conditions were last updated 20/12/2016.
SALE OF LIQUOR
Under the Sale and Supply of Alcohol Act 2012 it is illegal for us to sell wine to you if you are under the age of 18. It is illegal for you to buy wine from us if you are under the age of 18 and it is illegal if you falsify your details in order to buy wine if you are under the age of 18. We reserve the right to request additional age verification at any time.
PURCHASE TERMS
When purchasing products on the website you confirm and acknowledge that:
You are legally entitled to purchase alcohol (if the products you purchase include alcohol) and that you can provide sufficient evidence of that entitlement on request (e.g. NZ Driver’s Licence or Passport) prior to or upon delivery of the products.
All information supplied by you to us is true and correct at the time you make any purchase on the website.
Notwithstanding the above, we may refuse to accept your order at our sole discretion.
We may disclose your information to your bank and Credit Card Company and for the purposes of any debt recovery proceedings we may issue against you.
We may restrict your ability to purchase products via the website by imposing a credit limit on your account.
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY
All products are sold subject to their availability. Promotional items may be limited as to quantity. We shall not be responsible for our inability to supply products to you where they are not presently available or where our stock of the relevant product(s) has been exhausted.
PRICE
Prices quoted on our website are inclusive of GST. You must pay us the full price quoted on the website at the time the order is submitted. Prices are given in New Zealand dollars.
We reserve the right to vary our prices without notice. No adjustments are made if the price of a product increases or decreases between the time the order is submitted and the time the product is delivered.
Prices and specials in our Cellar Door and in shops and those available online may not necessarily be the same.
In the event that computer error results in a material misstatement of the price of your order we may, prior to your receipt of the order or at any time thereafter, require that you pay us the difference between the amount actually paid by you in respect of your order and the correct amount payable.
There is no minimum size order.
FREIGHT
Freight is a flat rate of $7.00 for orders under $120.00. Orders of $120.00 or above, will allow you to select the option of free of charge freight (if delivered anywhere in Mainland New Zealand). Delivery outside of mainland New Zealand (i.e. Waiheke Island and Stewart Island) may be subject to freight charges. Delivery will usually be made within 5-7 business days. If there is a lead time or delay for manufacture, we will contact you to confirm dates.
At present, we are only able to accept orders for shipping within New Zealand. For international enquiries you can find your nearest distributer in the distributers section of our website.
No orders will be shipped until payment has been received.
Please call us on +64 6 306 9019 or email palliser@palliser.co.nz if you have any questions.
PRODUCT AND PACKING GUARANTEES
If, for any reason, you are not happy with your order or simply find the wine is
not to your taste, we will replace any unopened bottles with another product or credit your account. Return shipping for this instance will be at the purchaser’s expense. This return must be made within 1 month of purchase. We insure our products up to the point where they are delivered to your address. We are not responsible for damage or theft to goods beyond this point.
If your delivery has been damaged in transit, we will replace it for you.
Please note that damaged goods must be reported within 48 hours of delivery.
If your order has been packed incorrectly and is not what you have been invoiced for, we will put it right for you. Please note that packing errors must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. If you receive corked or faulty wine, we will replace it for you or refund your account.
NOTICES
We will send all invoices and notices required under this agreement to the address (postal, fax or email) that you have nominated as your preferred method of contact. It is your responsibility to ensure that you keep up us informed of any changes to your contact details.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
We respect your privacy and we will protect it. This website and Palliser emails contain special wine offers and allow subscribers the opportunity to buy wine online. You may opt out of Palliser emails at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our bulletins. Please be assured that we take your privacy seriously. Details you provide on the website (except credit card details) will be kept on file in our system. Click on the Privacy Policy link at the bottom of our website.
CANCELLATION
Once you have placed an order on this website the order is final and cannot be cancelled. However, wine may be returned to us under the conditions of our 100% Guarantee.
SITE CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All rights, title and interest in all Intellectual Property in all concepts, systems, written, graphic and other material relating to Palliser’s online shop and its contents owned by, and shall at all times remain the exclusive property of Palliser, it’s licensors and the providers of products accessible through Palliser’s online shop, and is protected by New Zealand law. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall constitute any licence of intellectual property rights to you. Any infringement of our intellectual property rights will be fully enforced under New Zealand law.
JURISDICTION
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of New Zealand and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
New Zealand courts.
AMENDMENTS
We may change the terms of this agreement by sending you notice (“amendment notice”) to that effect by your preferred contact method and supplying you with the amended agreement. The agreement, as modified, will take effect from the date stated on the amendment notice but no later than 30 days following the date that we send the amendment notice.
Contact
Sale of Liquor Licence
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Friends of Palliser
Friends of Palliser Sign up to our Friends of Palliser mailing list for a quarterly update on the latest at Palliser Estate.
Sign up
© 2020 Palliser Estate. Sale of Liquor Licence no.044/OFF/010/2017 exp.16th June 2020
You must be 18 years old to visit this site.
I am at least 18 years old Remember me