https://www.tcava.com/privacy/
Home
Resources
About Us
Get a Quote!
Contact
SPEAK WITH A TRAVEL CONSULTANT 800.326.4971
MON-FRI: 9AM - 6PM, SAT 11AM - 3PM EST
Toggle navigation
CRUISESOcean & River
Cruise Search
First Time Cruiser?
Onboard Activites
Signature Collection
Cruise Destinations
Cruise Specials
Cruise Lines
Disney Cruise Line
Embarkation Ports
US Embarkation Ports
River Cruises
Book Shore Excursions
Get a Quote
VACATIONSEscorted & Non-Escorted
Vacation Search
Advanced Search
Search by Destination
Vacation Suppliers
Book Your Tours
Hawaii Vacations
Mexico Getaways
World Destinations
Get a Vacation Quote
HOTELSSignature Rated
Signature Hotels & Resorts
Hotels Specials
SPECIALTYTravel by Interest
Search World Destinations
Signature Culinary Travel
Discover River Cruising
Luxury Travel
Family Vacation Travel
Why Group Travel
Adventure Travel
Celebrations
PROMOTIONSDeals & Specials
Exclusive Offers
Hot Cruise Deals
Hot Vacation Deals
ABOUT USInfo, Articles & More
About Us
Meet the Staff
10 Reasons You'll Love Us
Articles
THEME CRUISESOur Exclusives
What is a Theme Cruise?
Types of Theme Cruises
Find a Theme Cruise
Types of Group Cruises
Sign Up!
Receive Special Offers Via Email!
Enter for a chance to
Win a Free Vacation!
Online Privacy Policy for The Cruise & Vacation Authority
The Cruise & Vacation Authority understands the privacy concerns of today's Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.
The Cruise & Vacation Authority will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of The Cruise & Vacation Authority.
The Cruise & Vacation Authority does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers.
Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to e-mail our customer service department.
Ultimate Experience Magazine
With each issue of Ultimate Experiences Online, you’ll enjoy a collection of articles, slideshows and videos that we will inspire you to make your travel dreams a reality.
View Magazine
Digital Travel Magazine
To help you discover ways to explore the world, we're pleased to share our The Travel Magazine Online.
View Magazine
Shore Excursions
Save money and escape the crowds. Hot Deals and multi-port packages. Savings of up to 50%!
View Excursions
Free Mobile App Download
Our free app that allows you to carry all of the destination information you need while traveling, right in your pocket!
Download the Phone App!
Trip Insurance
We recommend optional travel insurance that protects you in the event of having to cancel your trip avoiding travel vendor cancellation policies and more!
What We Offer
Enter Sweepstakes!
Sign Up!
Receive special offers and discounts via email!
Click here to Sign Up!
Exclusive Offers
Cruise & River Cruise Promotions
Vacation/Tour Promotions
Luxury Vacation Suppliers
Avanti
Cosmos
Globus
Hotels & Resorts
Signature Hotels & Resorts
Signature Hotel & Resort Specials
Preferred Cruise Lines
Amawaterways
Crystal Cruises
Disney Cruise Line
Oceania Cruises
Regent Seven Seas Cruises
Seabourn Cruises
Silversea Cruises
Uniworld River Cruises
Windstar Cruises
Specialty Travel
Alaska Vacations
Hawaii Vacations
Mexico Vacations
Luxury Vacations
River Cruises
Group Travel
Family Vacations
Celebrations Travel
Active Adventures
The Cruise & Vacation Authority
1760 Powers Ferry RoadSuite 100Marietta, GA 30067
Phone: 800.326.4971
Local: 770.952.8300
Fax: 770.916.1425
HomeResourcesAbout UsGet a Quote!Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyContact
© Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. The Cruise & Vacation Authority.
Seller of Travel: 1004999-10
Travel content powered by advaia.com