https://www.bmwccbc.org/about/club-and-web-privacy/
Skip to content
Protecting both the privacy of our members, and you the visitor, is important to the BMW Car Club of British Columbia (“BMWCCBC”).
We do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable.  Cookies are used in the forum and when you use the Karelo reservation system. No information linking is done to track you via the cookie.
BMWCCBC’s privacy policy is subject to change at any time and without notice, as may be required by law.
Information Use
If you provide us with your name e-mail or postal address by filling out a form on our web site, or have done so in the past, we understand that to mean you have granted us the right to contact you for the purposes you submitted your information for. You have the right to opt-out of any mailing lists or information requests you may have initiated. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving these messages from us by simply replying to the e-mail and informing us of your preferences.
When you supply BMWCCBC with your personal information, we may use it to register your membership. We may use information that you have given us to learn more about our members so that we can develop better activities and services. We may also use the information to inform you about new events, activities, services and offers that may be of interest to you. These offers may be based on information you provided in your initial transaction with us or in surveys.
Information Privacy
It is the policy of the BMW Car Club of BC not to rent, sell or otherwise distribute the information it gathers about members and visitors to our site, as set out in our membership information privacy policy.
Children
While we have no control that BMWCCBC’s website and marketing materials are often viewed by children, we do not solicit data from them. BMWCCBC encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the sites their children visit. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, BMWCCBC’s web site by visitors under 18 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
Membership and privacy
The BMW Car Club of British Columbia, its affiliated partners (Karelo e-services) and the BMW Club of Canada it is affiliated with, may collect personal information from you through the membership application you have completed in joining the club, or in the membership transaction you have completed using the Karelo registration service.
The BMW Car Club of British Columbia may collect, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with basic membership services, such as newsletters, event notices etc
To understand your membership desires
To develop manage and deliver membership services and activities to you
To determine your car and club interests
To ensure that you am informed about the club and various activities, services and vendor discounts
To meet any possible regulatory requirements
To grant you membership in the BMW Club of Canada as a member of the BMW Car Club of BC
To verify your identity and eligibility for participation in club only events
The BMW Car Club of British Columbia may provide some of your personal information to the BMW Club of Canada, which has a similar privacy policy to that of our local club.
The BMW Car Club of British Columbia may also use your personal information to introduce products and services that may be of interest to you through contacting you directly via mail, email, and in some cases telephone calls, and share it, (subject to applicable law) for similar purposes within the BMW Club of Canada.
The BMW Car Club of British Columbia will not sell rent or otherwise loan out club membership information or your personal information, other than as outlined above.
At any time, you can choose to opt-out of receiving direct marketing or sharing of your personal information for marketing purposes. To opt-out, contact the club.
AboutClub Mission and Purpose
Board of Directors
Bylaws
Club and Web Privacy
The Fine Print
Contact Us
Go to top