http://www.yamaha-motor.ca/en/terms-conditions
YAMAHA MOTOR CANADA LTD./YAMAHA MOTOR FINANCE CANADA LTD. ("YAMAHA")WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONSThis Terms and Conditions Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you and Yamaha, the owner and operator of this website (the "Website"). It states the terms and conditions under which you may access and use the Website. By accessing and using the Website, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must not access or use the Website. Note that this website is not intended to be used outside of North America.Yamaha may revise this Agreement at any time by updating this posting. Use of the Website after such changes are posted will signify your acceptance of these revised terms. You should visit this page periodically to review this Agreement.Copyright and Trade Mark: All materials displayed or otherwise accessible through this Website, including articles and photographs (collectively, "Content") are protected by copyright law, and are owned by Yamaha or Yamaha Motor Co. Ltd. Except as granted in the limited license herein, any use of the Content, including modification, transmission, presentation, distribution, republication, or other exploitation of the Website or of its Content, whether in whole or in part, is prohibited without the express prior written consent of Yamaha.The YAMAHA logo is a trade mark of Yamaha Motor Co. Ltd. Other names, words, titles, phrases, logos, designs, graphics, icons and trade marks displayed on the Website may constitute registered or unregistered trade marks of Yamaha or third parties. The display of third party trade marks on the Website should not be taken to imply any relationship or license between Yamaha and the owner of said trade mark or to imply that Yamaha endorses the wares, services or business of the owner of the said trade mark.Yamaha Products:Units shown in photographs may not be available in all areas. MSRP, specifications, appearance and colour schemes are subject to change without notice. Please ensure you read your owner's manual thoroughly before operating Yamaha products. Make sure you know all the rules and regulations before you utilize any product. For further details, please consult your Yamaha dealer.Limited Licence: Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a limited, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access, view and use the Website for your personal, noncommercial use, and are granted the right to download, store and print single copies of items comprising the Content for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content.Third Parties:In the context of an e-commerce transaction or online loan application, personal information is provided to third parties for processing purposes. For example, Yamaha uses a payment gateway provider's server to act as the link between Yamaha and our bank. Our payment gateway provider is PCI-compliant and their servers are configured with a high level of security. Yamaha does not store any credit card information on its systems.Yamaha only transfers your information to third parties who have agreed to comply with appropriate privacy and security standards, and who commit to using your information only for the purposes for which they have been engaged by Yamaha.Usage Tracking:Our websites may automatically record some general information about your visit in order for Yamaha to engage in web statistical analysis using Google Analytics. We want to make sure our websites are useful to visitors in our marketing efforts through targeted advertising.  This information may include the:Internet domain for your Internet service provider, such as "company.com" or "service.ca" and
the IP address of the computer you are using to access our website;Type of browser you are using, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox or Chrome;Type of operating system you are using such as Windows or Macintosh;Date and time of the visit to our website,  the pages of our website that were visited, and the address of the previous website you were visiting if you linked to us from another websiteAge category, gender, and affinity interests as determined by demographic and interest reports available through Google Analytics.We make no effort to personally identify you based on your visit to our website. If you wish, you may opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics by disabling or refusing the cookies; by disabling JavaScript within your browser; or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.Data collected for web analytics purposes may be processed in any country where Google operates servers, and thus may be subject to the governing legislation of that country.Cookies:We also use "cookies" that identify you as a return visitor and which can help us tailor information to suit your individual preferences. A cookie is a small text file that a website can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. The goal is to save you time next time you visit, provide you with a more meaningful visit, and measure website activity. Cookies in and of themselves cannot be used to reveal your identity. Many browsers, however, allow you to disable cookie collection if you wish, or inform you when a cookie is being stored on your hard drive.Targeted Advertising:As you interact with our website, third party advertising partners may use cookies that we place on your computer, tracking pixels, web beacons and similar technologies to identify you as a visitor to our website, and present you with targeted ads to help us promote Yamaha products and services. You can opt-out of the use of your information for select ad targeting by visiting this site: https://youradchoices.ca/choices/, and also by setting up "Do Not Track" options available through your browser. We also occasionally provide your personal information to trusted advertising partners for the purpose of presenting you with targeted ads on behalf of Yamaha. You can request that your personal information not be shared with our advertising partners by contacting privacy@yamaha-motor.caWhen you are Not on Yamaha's Site:External Links:The Website contains links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Yamaha of the contents of such third party websites. Yamaha is not responsible for the content of any third party website, nor does it make any representation or warranty of any kind regarding any third party website. We encourage you to read the terms and conditions of each and every website you visit.Third Party Social Media: Yamaha's use of social media serves as an extension of its presence on the Internet. Social media account(s) are public and are not hosted on Yamaha's servers. Users who choose to interact with Yamaha via social media should read the terms of service and privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications used to access them.Limitation of Liability: Subject to applicable law, in no event shall Yamaha, or its partners, employees or agents be liable for damages of any kind including, without limitation, any direct, special, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages including, without limitation, any loss or damages in the nature of or relating to lost business, lost savings, lost data and/or lost profits arising from your use of, reliance upon, or inability to use the Website or the Content, regardless of the cause and whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise. The foregoing limitation shall apply even if Yamaha knew of or ought to have known of the possibility of such damages.Disclaimer of warranties: The website and the Content is provided "as is". While Yamaha endeavors to provide Content that is correct, accurate and timely, no representations or warranties are made regarding the Website and/or the Content including, without limitation, no representation or warranty that (i) the Website or Content will be accurate, complete, current, timely or suitable for any particular purpose, (ii) that the operation of the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, (iii) that defects or errors in the Website or the Content will be corrected, (iv) that the Website will be free from viruses or harmful components, and (v) that communications to or from the Website will be secure and/or not intercepted. You acknowledge and agree that you are using the Website at your own risk and liability.Security: Yamaha uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted sessions to transfer information you enter into fill-in forms on the Website to our secure server. Keep in mind however that information sent or received over the Internet via email is generally not secure.Governing Law and Jurisdiction: By accessing or using the Website, you agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, the Website and its Content shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada, without regard to conflict of laws principles. You agree and hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario with respect to all matters relating to your access to and use of the Website.Legally Binding Agreement:This is the entire agreement between you and Yamaha relating to your access and use of the Website and the Content herein. If any term or provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, it shall be severed and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force without being invalidated in any way.
Sign up for the Yamaha Newsletter
Be the first to know about Yamaha news and offers
Learn More