http://www.camelotwines.com/privacy-policy
Wines
Chardonnay
Pinot Noir
Merlot
Cabernet Sauvignon
Pinot Grigio
Moscato
Red Blend
Vineyards
Winemaking
Accolades
Trade
Sales Tools
Distributors
Find Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Camelot Vineyards & Winery, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers.  Our site is a safe environment for anyone who visits and reviews our products and services.  The following is a description of our policies with respect to the gathering and usage of our customers' personal information.
When you register on our site you provide us with personally identifiable information, including your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.  We use this information to process your request and to communicate with you about our company.  From time to time, we may use your name and contact information to notify you about changes to the web site, new products, special offers and events we think might interest you.  If you do not wish to receive this information, please send an e-mail to info@camelotwines.com to opt-out of these mailings.
When you visit the Camelot Vineyards & Winery site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users.  This includes the specific web pages visited and types of products you reviewed.  We use this information to improve our site and to make your experience here as efficient and valuable as possible.
Our website may use cookies to remember you and personalize your web experience.  “Cookies” are small bits of information stored on your hard drive that contain information relating to your visit to our site.  Cookies assist us in determining which areas of the site are most popular and allow us to speed navigation around the site.  They facilitate our tracking of your preferences and allow us to be aware of your interests for future visits.
Camelot Vineyards & Winery will not rent or sell your customer information to any third party without your permission.  However, we may share customer information to third parties in order to complete normal business operations.  All third parties must agree to abide by this Privacy Policy and take reasonable precautions to keep your information confidential.  Types of third party companies that may have access to customer information include, but are not limited to, the following:
Email distribution services (for company-authored emails)
Postal mail distribution services (for company-authored direct mail)
E-commerce services (for company-sponsored online commerce)
Shipping services (for wine and merchandise shipments)
Marketing research firms (for company-sponsored research)
Data enhancement firms (to correct or enhance customer data)
If at any time you need to update or change any of the personally identifiable information you have provided us, please send an e-mail with the requested changes to info@camelotwines.com.
This website may contain links to other websites.  The privacy policies described here apply to our site only.  We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites and encourage our customers to review the privacy policies of such other sites carefully before providing any personally identifiable information.
These privacy policies are subject to change.  Please check this page periodically, where we will post notice of any changes.
These policies are effective as of January 1, 2010.
If you feel that Camelot Vineyards & Winery is not abiding by the stated policies or if you have any questions or comments about these policies, please contact us at info@camelotwines.com or by mail to: 8418 South Lac Jac Avenue, Parlier, CA 93648.
The Pinot Noir way over delivers for the price, seeing some aging in French and American oak. It is true to varietal character and brimming with red cherry, plum and cola notes.
The Detroit News
This cab is great wine for every day drinking! Great fruit on the nose. 3 Swirls.
Kim Kolb, Winey Women
An easy-drinking red at a great everyday price
Wine Lines
© 2018 Camelot Wines, Parlier, CA. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Join Our Mailing List