http://www.etravelreviews.com/privacypolicy.html
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Effective September 14, 2008
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online visitor information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all online
visitor information collected on the Earth Travel Reviews Web site. The
types of online visitor information collected on the Earth Travel Reviews
web site are:
Emails sent to us by our visitors
Visitor and session data recorded by server logs
Some of our online
services are provided by third-party partners, including, but not
necessarily limited to search engine services (Google Custom Search
), display advertising (Google Adsense), web site traffic analysis (Google
Analytics), and web site hosting (Blue Host, Inc.). These partners may collect information about you. Because Earth Travel Reviews does not control the information policies or practices of these third parties, you should review their privacy policies to learn more about how they collect and use personally identifiable information.
The Way We Use Information
We use return email addresses and the information you provide us to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing us at: privacy@etravelreviews.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at privacy@etravelreviews.com
All contents ©2005-2011 Earth Reviews, LLC. All rights reserved.
home
contact
privacy
user agreement
sitemap