http://www.keele.ac.uk/business/privacynotice/
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Privacy notice
We collect only data which is essential to our operations and enables us to provide you with better user experience.
We will securely store your data and send you essential information (examples include updates on your application or booking confirmations for events such as open days).
We will never sell your data to a third party. We only ever share data with companies involved in helping us communicate with you or helping us to manage your data (examples include; Online forms, Printers, Postal services, other University partners etc).
Where we process any personal information about an individual this will be processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulations 2018. Keele University will be what is known as the Data Controller for the purpose of this processing.  Any personal information we receive from you as part your contract with Keele's 'Business Gateway' scheme will be used to provide you with access routes to appropriate projects and support offered by the University which may be relevant or beneficial to your business. If you access our support we may need to share your details with funding bodies for the purposes of demonstrating your participation in any of our programmes to validate funding claims. We will keep your data for the year that you first enquire with us plus 6 subsequent years. This is to ensure that you are legally protected should you have any issues with the use of your data. Data is stored on a secure CRM system which will be reviewed periodically.
A full list of your rights in relation to personal data can be found on our website (www.keele.ac.uk/informationgovernance) or at the ICO’s website (www.ico.org.uk).
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter (dpo@keele.ac.uk).
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) (www.ico.org.uk).
Where we rely upon consent to process your personal data this can be withdrawn at any time. To do so, please contact us at business.gateway@keele.ac.uk