http://www.boredom-busters.com/privacy-policy
About
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Submit Something Cool
Boredom Sites
Boredom Busters
Curing Boredom One Click At A Time
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at bored@boredom-busters.net.
At www..boredom busters.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www..boredom busters.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www..boredom busters.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www..boredom busters.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www..boredom busters.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www..boredom busters.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
Adbrite
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www..boredom busters.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www..boredom busters.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www..boredom busters.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Subscribe to NewsLetter
Get the latest updates via Email
Service provided by FeedBurner
Categories
Addicting Online Games
Free Fun Surveys
Funny
Hilarious Pictures
Misc
Videos
Weird News
Sponsors
Top LinksNo results availableMore Boredom Sites
Daves Daily
Funny, Strange, Bizarre News and Media from Around the World
HumorLinks
Your starting point for the best comedy sites on the Web
I-Am-Bored.com
A list of sites for when you’re feeling bored
iamboredr.com
Add Your Link
Copyright © 2020 Boredom Busters - Curing Boredom One Click At A Time.
Website powered by WordPress and Bluetes wordpress theme designed by TopTut.com & TopWPThemes.com.
Visit WebHostingFan.com for the latest news on web
hosting and cms review.