http://www.atsb.gov.au/utilities/privacy/
Left menu navigation
Miscellaneous site pages
Accessibility
Copyright statement
Security
Disclaimer
Feedback
Linking to the ATSB Website
ATSB Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Home
Miscellaneous site pages
ATSB Privacy Policy
Listen to this page using ReadSpeaker
About the Privacy Act and this policy
The Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act) requires entities bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) to have a privacy policy.
ATSB is an APP entity and this privacy policy outlines the personal information handling practices of the ATSB.
ATSB is committed in respecting your right to privacy and protecting your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act and our policies and procedures.
This privacy policy will be reviewed and updated periodically to take into account of any new laws or technology, or when our information handling practices change. Updates will be publicised on our website.
In this policy, personal information has the same meaning as defined in section 6 of the Privacy Act:
personal information means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
(a)   whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
(b)   whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Some examples of personal information include names, addresses, banking details, licence and registration numbers, or photographs. It may also include indirectly identifying information, such as the description of an event, where the identities of any persons involved in the event are apparent even though no names are used. Whether or not the description of the event contains personal information may depend on the context and who is reading the information.
Collection of personal information
Solicited personal information
The ATSB generally collects personal information for the purposes of fulfilling the various functions or activities of the ATSB. This includes the ATSB’s primary function of conducting independent aviation, maritime and rail safety investigations under the TSI Act as well as receiving notifications from industry of the occurrence of accidents and incidents.
The TSI Act does contain some coercive information gathering powers that may be used to acquire personal information. However, normally the ATSB seeks to obtain personal information with the consent of the individual concerned.
In some circumstances the ATSB may collect personal information from a third party. This includes where information is provided via the mandatory scheme for the notification of accidents and incidents. The ATSB distributes material that seeks to make participants aware in the aviation, maritime and rail transport industries of the likelihood of their details being passed on to the ATSB if they are involved in an accident or incident. Where practicable, if the ATSB receives personal information via a third party, the ATSB will seek to notify the individual concerned of the circumstances of the collection.
The types of personal information that we generally collect and hold will include:
personal contact details;
personnel/employee records including educational or professional qualifications;
credit card application records;
information in delegations;
staff conflict of interest declarations;
information in ministerial correspondence;
Freedom of Information applications;
details of persons who attended ATSB training courses;
mailing and subscription lists;
contract, tender and submission documents;
financial payment records;
records for legal proceedings;
complaint and feedback information;
investigation records including witness statements, flight crew licences, training and qualification details, investigator’s notes and interview reports; and
records of accidents and incidents notifications.
Sensitive information
Personal information that is ‘sensitive information’ is defined by section 6 of the Privacy Act to include information or an opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, sexual orientation or practices, criminal record, health or genetic information, biometric information and templates.
Sensitive information is afforded a higher level of protection under the Privacy Act, including limited circumstances in which it can be collected. The ATSB does not normally have a need to collect the majority of the sensitive information referred to in the definition. The exception is for the aviation, maritime and rail accident investigations it conducts under the TSI Act. For the purpose of fulfilling its statutory functions, the ATSB may collect and hold sensitive personal information, including:
medical reports;
physical and psychological profiles of persons involved in the occurrence;
results of breath tests or blood alcohol levels;
membership of a professional or trade association or trade union; and
criminal records.
Unsolicited personal information
Where the ATSB received unsolicited personal information, the ATSB must determine within a reasonable period if the information could have been collected in accordance with its functions and activities.
If the information could not have been collected in accordance with the ATSB’s functions and activities, and is not contained in a Commonwealth record, the ATSB must ensure the information is lawfully destroyed or de-identified.
Anonymity
The identity of an individual is typically relevant and necessary in order to achieve the ATSB’s purpose for collecting, using, holding or disclosing personal information. It is therefore unlikely to be practicable for the ATSB to deal with individuals who have not identified themselves or who have used a pseudonym. If an individual is concerned about not being able to deal with the ATSB anonymously, they may contact the Privacy Officer and discuss the circumstances.
How the ATSB stores personal information
The ATSB stores all personal information securely and restricts access to a limited number of staff that need access in order to perform their duties or assist individuals. Most personal information held by the ATSB is stored electronically such as on databases, shared drives or in emails, or on hard copy files.
The ATSB takes all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is protected from misuse, loss and interference.
When information is no longer required it is securely destroyed in accordance with the Archives Act 1983 (Archives Act) and relevant disposal authorities or forwarded to the National Archives of Australia (NAA).
Use and disclosure of personal information
The ATSB will only use and/or disclose personal information for the purposes for which it was collected (the primary purpose), unless an individual has consented to another use.
There are certain limited circumstances in which the ATSB may use or disclose information for a different purpose (a secondary purpose) without consent, such as where the secondary purpose is:
directly related to the primary purpose for which the information was collected;
required or authorised under an Australian law or has been ordered by a court or tribunal;
necessary to lessen or prevent a serious threat to the life, health or safety of any individual, or public health or safety;
a permitted general situation or health situation, as defined by the Privacy Act; or
an enforcement related activity and the use or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary.
If the ATSB uses or discloses personal information for a purpose other than what it was originally collected for, the ATSB will keep a written notice of that use or disclosure as required by the APPs.
Disclosure of personal information overseas
The ATSB does not routinely disclose personal information to overseas recipients. However, there may be occasions related to the ATSB’s safety investigation function where this is necessary. In some circumstances there may be parties overseas who are connected with the occurrence of the accident in which case there may need to be a cross border flow of information. In these cases the ATSB complies with APP 8, including seeking to provide assurances that the information will be protected in accordance with the APPs.
Access to personal information
Under APP 12, individuals have the right to access their personal information held by the ATSB. There is no cost associated with making a request. The ATSB will process the request and provide access to the information within 30 days after the request is made. If the ATSB decides not to grant access to the information, a written statement of reasons will be provided.
This mechanism operates alongside the Freedom of Information Act 1982 (FOI Act) under which an individual may request access to personal information held by the ATSB.
Information on how to apply for access to your personal information under the FOI Act, please go to Freedom of Information on the ATSB website.
To assist ATSB in locating any information held more quickly, an individual is encouraged to provide as much information as possible, such as, dealings they have had with the ATSB.
Correction of personal information
Individuals have the right under APP 13 to request corrections to any of their personal information held by the ATSB that they consider the information is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. This APP also operates alongside the FOI Act under which an individual may make a request to have personal information amended or annotated.
If an individual considers information held by the ATSB requires correcting, a written request should be sent to the ATSB’s Privacy Officer outlining what aspect of the information needs correction.
There is no charge associated with making a request or for associating the statement with the personal information and notification of the outcome will be provided within 30 days. If the ATSB refuses to correct the information, a written explanation will be provided. However, if the individual requests the ATSB to associate with the information a statement that the information is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, the ATSB will take reasonable steps in the circumstances to associate the statement which will make it apparent to users of the information.
If the ATSB has disclosed the information previously to a third party, an individual may request that the third party also be notified of any correction made. If it is reasonable and practical to do so the ATSB will notify the third party of the corrections.
For security reasons, and to protect personal information, applicants may be asked to provide proof of identification.
How to request access or correction
To make a request for access to or correction of personal information, a written request should be sent to the ATSB’s Privacy Officer either by email privacy@atsb.gov.au or by post to:
Privacy OfficerAustralian Transport Safety BureauPO Box 967CIVIC SQUARE   ACT   2608
For further information or assistance in relation to access and correction of personal information please contact the ATSB’s Privacy Officer using the contact details provided above.
Privacy complaints
An individual may complain about the way the ATSB has handled their personal information.  Complaints should be in writing and sent to the Privacy Officer using the contact details provided.
The complaint should provide sufficient information so the issues and concerns can be investigated. A Privacy complaint template is available on the ATSB website. Notification of an outcome will be provided within 30 days and individuals will be kept up-to-date as to the progress of their complaint.
If an individual is dissatisfied with the ATSB investigation outcome, the individual can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) about making a privacy complaint to the OAIC.
Further information
ATSB contact details:
Privacy Officer Australian Transport Safety BureauPO Box 967CIVIC SQUARE   ACT   2608
Email:  privacy@atsb.gov.auTelephone:  +61 02 6122 1601Website:  www.atsb.gov.au
OAIC contact details:
Office of the Australian Information CommissionerGPO Box 5218SYDNEY   NSW   2001
Email:  enquiries@oaic.gov.auTelephone:  1300 363 992Website:  www.oaic.gov.au
Share this page
Feedback
Logged in as
Sign out
Followed Pages
Please login or register to receive updates for this page
Email
Password
OK
Cancel
Register
Register for page updates
Name
Email
Password
Confirm Password
OK
Cancel
Related links
Freedom of Information
FoI disclose log
Annual Reports
Public Interest Disclosure Scheme
Order of Continuing Effect - Indexed list of ATSB files
Information publication scheme
Procurement
Legislation
Gifts and Benefits
About the ATSB
Overview of the ATSB
About the Commissioners
ATSB structure
Annual Reports
Safety Awareness
Aviation
Marine
Rail
PID Scheme
Freedom of Information
FOI disclosure
Investigations & Reports
Safety Investigations & Reports
Active investigations map
Safety issues & actions
Aviation terminology
Active investigations
Aviation occurrence database
Research and analysis reports
Aviation statistics
Rail Statistics
MH370 search
Shortcuts
Latest news
Report an accident
Employment opportunities
Publications
Annual Report
REPCON reports
Questions & Answers
TSI Act & legislation
Deciding to investigate
Flight crew licence check
Contact us
Contacting the ATSB
Provide feedback
ATSB on Facebook
ATSB on Twitter
ATSB on Instagram
Submit a Mandatory Notification
Submit a REPCON report
Accident or incident reporting
The Commissioners
General enquiries:
1800 020 616
Tel: (02) 6257 2463
Tel International: +61 2 6257 2463
Email: atsbinfo@atsb.gov.au
Online: Feedback
Report an accident or incident:
Aviation and Marine accident and incident notifications
Telephone ATSB (toll-free, 24 hours): 1800 011 034
Tel International (24 hours): +61 2 6230 4470
Rail accidents and incidents to ONRSR: 1800 430 888
Submit an accident or incident notification
Australia's national transport safety investigator