https://www.crictours.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Cricket tours
England in India 2020 – 2021
Future tours
Testimonials
Meet our team
Gallery
Contact us
Home Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy of The Cricket Tour Company Limited
This is the privacy policy of The Cricket Tour Company, also trading as ‘CricTours’ and ‘Amber Leaf Tours’. Our policy explains how we use any personal data we collect about you when you contact us.
How do we collect personal data about you?
We collect personal data about you when you register with us, via our website or by email, phone or in writing, for information on our products and services. We also collect personal data when you book a tour with us, in order to process your holiday booking and to ensure your travel arrangements run smoothly and meet your requirements. We also collect personal data if you complete customer surveys and/or provide feedback.
How will we use your personal data?
We will use your personal data to send you information about our products and services which we think may be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, you may opt out at any time by contacting us per the details in the ‘How to contact us’ section, below.
If you book a tour, we will need to pass some of your private information (such as name, date of birth, passport number, marital status, contact details, disabilities and dietary requirements) to relevant suppliers such as airlines, hotels, tour operators and transport companies. We may also be required to provide some of your personal data to public authorities such as customs, border control and immigration. Such companies and organisations may store your personal data outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).How do we protect your personal data?
We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings to keep your data safe. We allow access to such data to employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. We do not share your personal data with any other company or organisation for marketing purposes.How long do we keep your personal data?
We retain your personal data on our database indefinitely, unless you request to have it removed. We do this for marketing purposes and for our own data analysis to help us in planning and business development.
Access to your personal data and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, and to ask that we correct any personal data that is inaccurate or out of date. If you would like a copy of the personal data that we are holding about you, please contact us per the details in the ‘How to contact us’ section, below.
Other websites
Our websites contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to our websites so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or personal data we hold about you, by emailing us at tours@crictours.com or write to us at CricTours, Holmbury House, Skittle Green, Bledlow, Bucks HP27 9PJ.Footer
The Cricket Tour Company, Holmbury House, Skittle Green, Bledlow, Bucks
HP27 9PJ
T: 01844 343800 E: tours@crictours.com Privacy Policy
Registered in England No. 4014841
Follow us:
All the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. When you pay you will be supplied with an ATOL Certificate. Please ask for it and check to ensure that everything you booked (flights, hotels and other services) is listed on it. Please see our booking conditions for further information.
Scroll Up