http://www.girlscoutsiowa.org/en/terms---conditions.html
Forms
Calendar
Shop
Contact
Donate
ABOUT
ABOUT
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
EVENTS
EVENTS
CAMPS
CAMPS
COOKIES
COOKIES
VOLUNTEER
VOLUNTEER
DONATE
DONATE
My GS
My GS
ABOUT
OUR COUNCIL EVENTS CAMPS COOKIES VOLUNTEER DONATE My GS
Forms
Calendar
Shop
Contact
Donate
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
(Last Updated: April 2015)
Welcome to the official Web site of Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa, a
501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa.
Our online properties are comprised of, but not limited to, all pages
found under www.girlscoutsiowa.org. These terms and conditions apply
to these sites and other sites, and mobile apps or other online
services we operate that link to these terms (collectively, referred
to below as the site).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa WEB SITES. By using the pages on this
site, you signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you
do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site. We
reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or
remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms
periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following the
posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images,
illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written
and other materials contained on the site (collectively, the
"Contents") are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade
dress, and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled, or
licensed by Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa or Girl Scouts of the USA, respectively.
The Contents of the site are intended solely for personal,
noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise from our
site) use by the users of our site. You may view, copy, and print the
Contents displayed on this site subject to the following conditions:
(i) you use the material for noncommercial use only,
(ii) you
keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices,
(iii)
you make no modifications to any materials,
(iv) you do not use
the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our
products, services, or brands, and
(v) you do not download
quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future
downloads from the site.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any
other Web site or computer environment is prohibited. No right, title,
or interest in any downloaded Contents or software is transferred to
you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not
reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute,
display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in
any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the
Contents, the site, or any related software. You may not attempt to
decompile or reverse engineer any of the software used by Girl Scouts
of Greater Iowa as part of the web sites.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT SECURITY
Certain features of the site provide you with the option of setting
up an account for which you will receive a user ID and password.  User
IDs and passwords are confidential and proprietary.  It is a violation
of these Terms and Conditions for you to: (a) provide any false
personal information on the site, or create an account for anyone
other than yourself without permission, (b) create another account
without our permission if we disable your account, or (c) do anything
else that might jeopardize the security of your account.  You are
solely responsible for any unauthorized use of your user ID and password.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Girl Scouts of the USA has the sole and exclusive right by virtue of
its Congressional Charter, 36 U.S.C. § 80301 et. seq., to have and use
all service marks, trademarks, emblems, badges, descriptive or
designating marks, and other words now or heretofore used in carrying
out its program and is the owner of the GIRL SCOUTS name, service
mark, and trademark, and of all other associated names, marks,
slogans, insignias, logotypes and designs, including but not limited
to the distinctive TREFOIL design mark, the GSUSA uniforms and other
indicia, the names and marks "Girl Scouts of the United States of
America", "Girl Scout Daisies", Girl Scout
Brownies", "Girl Scout Juniors", "Girl Scout
Cadettes", "Girl Scout Seniors", and "Girl Scout
Ambassadors", and such trademarks and service marks as WHERE
GIRLS GROW STRONG, FOR EVERY GIRL EVERYWHERE, GIRLSPORTS, and GIRL
SCOUT COOKIES (hereinafter collectively identified as the
"Intellectual Property").  Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa has
been granted permission by Girl Scouts of the USA to use, reproduce
and distribute the Intellectual Property solely in connection with
Girl Scouting.
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to
other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
CLAIMS REGARDING COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENTS
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512),
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa has implemented procedures for receiving
written notification of claimed copyright infringement.  We also have
designated an agent to receive notices of claimed copyright
infringement. If you believe in good faith that your copyright has
been infringed, you may submit a notice to info@gsiowa.org.  To be effective, a
notice must be a written communication provided to Girl Scouts of
Greater Iowa and must contain:
1. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
2. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
3. A description specifying the location of the material that you
claim is infringing;
4. Your telephone number and e-mail address;
5. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
disputed use is not authorized by
the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law; and
6. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the
information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright
infringement appearing on the Web site is: Girl Scouts of Greater
Iowa, 10715 Hickman Rd., Des Moines, IA 50322, Attention: Web Content
Administrator or by email at info@gsiowa.org with subject line
Web Content Administrator.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, GIRL SCOUTS OF
GREATER IOWA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. GIRL SCOUTS OF GREATER IOWA DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE
SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. GIRL SCOUTS OF GREATER IOWA DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT OF THE USE OF THE
MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
SITE CONTENTS
Information on any site is provided with the understanding that the
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa is not rendering professional advice or
recommendations. You should not rely on any information on these pages
to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet your
individual needs.
INACCURACY DISCLAIMER
The material in this site could include technical inaccuracies,
typographical errors, or omissions. We reserve the right to correct
any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update
information at any time without prior notice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence,
shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or
consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to
use, any GIRL SCOUTS OF GREATER IOWA site or a site that is linked to
this site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such
damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of
liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our
total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action
(whether in contract, tort including, but not limited to, negligence,
or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing
this site.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa
harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and
expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your
use of the site or the content you post to the site.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, SUBMISSIONS, AND POSTINGS
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa may allow you to communicate, submit,
upload, transmit or otherwise make available text, images, audio,
video, and other content through the site (collectively, the
"Submission(s)"), including in the form of comments,
feedback, submissions, or other information.  By transmitting
Submissions on or through the site, you grant Girl Scouts of Greater
Iowa a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, assignable,
sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, store, modify, display,
distribute, prepare derivative works based on, and transmit such
Submissions, and you waive any and all moral rights and publicity
rights in such Submissions.  Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa will not be
required to treat any Submission as confidential, and will not be
liable for any ideas for its business (including without limitation,
product, or promotion ideas) and will not incur any liability as a
result of any similarities that may appear in future Girl Scouts of
Greater Iowa business. Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa will be entitled to
use the Submission for any noncommercial or other purpose whatsoever,
without compensation to you or any other person sending the
Submission. You acknowledge that you own whatever material you submit,
and use of your Submission by Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa will not
infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
You may not make any Submissions that (i) are or may reasonably be
considered to be, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious,
defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of
another's privacy, bigoted, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
otherwise offensive or objectionable, (ii) violate any law, statute,
ordinance, or regulation (including, but not limited to, those
governing export control, intellectual property, consumer protection,
unfair competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising), or
(iii) are known to you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading.
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa has the right, but not the obligation,
to monitor, screen, block, post, remove, modify, store and review
Submissions or any other communications sent through the site, at any
time and for any reason, including to ensure that Submissions conform
to these terms, without prior notice to you.  We are not responsible
for, and do not endorse or guarantee, the opinions, views, advice or
recommendations in any Submissions posted or sent by users.
REPORTING OF ABUSIVE OR UNLAWFUL SUBMISSIONS OR CONTENT
If you have knowledge of abusive, infringing or otherwise unlawful
Submissions or other content on the site, we want to know.  Please
send an e-mail to info@gsiowa.org
describing the content or conduct in detail, including the Web site
address where the content is found and the date and time viewed, and
we will investigate removing this material from the site.  For claims
regarding alleged copyright infringement, see the contact information
in that section above.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa. Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa
is not responsible for the content of those sites. Consequently, we
cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright
compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in sites listed
on or otherwise linked to the site. The inclusion of any link to such
sites does not imply endorsement by Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa. Girl
Scouts of Greater Iowa makes no representations whatsoever about any
other Web site which you may access through this one.
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. These other
sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit
personal information, or contain information that you may find
inappropriate or offensive. Please keep in mind that whenever you give
out personal information online that information can be collected and
used by people you don't know. While Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa
strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot
guarantee the security of any information you disclose online; you
make such disclosures at your own risk.
We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to the site.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
This publication is distributed internationally and may contain
references to programs, products, and services that are not available
in your country, state, or particular location. These references do
not imply that the Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa intends to announce or
provide programs, products, or services in your country, state, or
particular location.
Unless otherwise specified, the Contents on any site are presented
solely for these purposes of promoting programs, products, services,
and other content available in the United States and its territories,
possessions, and protectorates. Those who choose to access a site do
so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with
local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted
pursuant to the laws of the State of Iowa, United States of America,
excluding its conflicts of law rules. You expressly agree that the
exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or
relating to these Terms and Conditions or your use of the site shall
be filed only in the federal courts located in Iowa. If any part of
these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that
part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use
of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement
authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating
to the use of this site.
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa can revise these Terms and Conditions at
any time by updating this posting.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. You may
terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of the site and
destroying all Contents obtained from the site and all related
documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made
under these terms or otherwise. Your access to the site may be
terminated immediately without notice from us if in our sole
discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these
terms. Upon termination, you must cease use of the site and destroy
all Contents obtained from the site and all copies thereof, whether
made under these terms or otherwise.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please see contact information in the relevant sections above
regarding reporting copyright infringement or other unlawful content.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Terms and
Conditions generally, you can contact us at:
Girl Scouts of Greater Iowa
10715 Hickman Road, Des Moines,
IA 50322
Phone:  800-342-8389
Monday-Friday, 8 AM-5 PM Central Time
Email
You can email us your question at info@gsiowa.org and we will get back
to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy