https://www.greenslipcalculator.com.au/terms-of-use/
This website is owned and operated by greenslips.com.au Pty Ltd ABN 81 130 177 696 its successors and assignees (we, our or us). The website is: www.greenslipcalculator.com.au (Site) and may also be accessed through other addresses or channels. These Terms of Use (Terms) govern your use of our Site and form a contract between you and us if you use the Site.
Please read these Terms carefully. If you have any questions, please contact us using the contact details below. Your use of the Site indicates that you have had sufficient opportunity to access these Terms and that you have read and accepted these Terms.
1. Information
The information, including statements, opinions and documents, contained in this Site, our calculator and the results of our calculator is for general information purposes only. It does not take into account your specific needs, objectives or circumstances, and it is not advice. Any reliance you place on the Information is at your own risk. Before acting on any Information, we recommend that you consider whether it is appropriate for your circumstances, carry out your own research and seek professional advice, where necessary.
2. Amendment
The Information and Terms may be amended without notice from time to time in our sole discretion. Your use of our Site following any amendments indicates that you accept the amendments. You should check the Terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes, and only proceed to use the Site if you accept and will comply with the new Terms.
3. Your warranties
You warrant to us that you have the legal capacity to enter these Terms and form a contract, and that you have read and understood these Terms, before using the Site.
4. Licence to use the Site
We grant you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable, worldwide, non-transferable right and licence to use the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, in accordance with these Terms. All other uses are prohibited without our prior written consent.
5. Prohibited Conduct
You must not:
(a) Use the Site for any activities, or post or transmit any material from the Site:
unless you hold all necessary rights, licences and consents to do so
that infringes the intellectual property or other rights of any person;
that would cause you or us to breach any law, regulation, rule, code or other legal obligation;
that defames, harasses, threatens, menaces, offends or restricts any person;
that is or could reasonably be considered to be obscene, inappropriate, defamatory, disparaging, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, threatening, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence or in breach of privacy; or
that would bring us, or the Site, into disrepute;
(b) Interfere with or inhibit any user from using the Site:
(c) Use the Site to send unsolicited email messages;
(d) Attempt to or tamper with, hinder or modify the Site, knowingly transmit viruses or other disabling features, or damage or interfere with the Site, including but not limited to the use of trojan horses, viruses, or piracy or programming routines that may damage or interfere with the Site; or
(e) Facilitate or assist another person to do any of the above acts.
6. Copyright and Intellectual Property Rights
Our Site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us and is protected by Australian and international laws, including but not limited to the trademarks, trade names, software, code, content, design, images, graphics, appearance, layout and look of our Site. We own the copyright which subsists in all creative and literary works displayed on the Site.
You agree that, as between you and us, we own all intellectual property rights in the Site, and that nothing in these Terms constitutes a transfer of any intellectual property rights. Your use of the Site does not grant you a licence to, or act as a right to, use of any of the intellectual property, whether registered or unregistered, displayed on the Site without the express written permission of the owner.
You must not breach any copyright or intellectual property rights connected with the Site. This includes but is not limited to:
(a) altering or modifying any of the code or the material on the Site;
(b) causing any of the material on the Site to be framed or embedded in another website;
(c) creating derivative works from the content of the Site; or
(d) using the Site for commercial purposes.
7. Republishing
You may not republish, copy, distribute, transmit, or publicly display (in hard copy, soft copy or online) material on the Site.
8. Privacy
Please read our Privacy Policy which is available on the Site. By agreeing to these Terms, you agree to accept our Privacy Policy.
9. Your content
If you choose to add any content on the Site, you:
(a) warrant to us that you have all necessary rights to post the content;
(b) grant us a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide and transferable right and licence to use that content in any way (including but not limited to, by reproducing, changing, and communicating the content to the public) and permit us to authorise any other person to do the same thing; and
(c) you consent to any act or omission which would otherwise constitute an infringement of your moral rights, and if you add any content in which any third party has moral rights, you must ensure that the third party consents in the same manner.
10. Third party information
The Site may, now or in the future, contain third party information, including but not limited to user comments, guest articles and advertisements, greenslip comparisons, product details and descriptions (Third Party Information). We do not control, recommend, endorse, sponsor or approve Third Party Information, including any information, products or services mentioned in Third Party Information. You should make your own investigations with respect to the suitability of Third Party Information for you.
11. Third Party links and websites
This Site may, now or in the future, contain links to or from websites owned by third parties (Third Party Sites). We do not control, recommend, endorse, sponsor or approve Third Party Sites, including any information, products or services mentioned on Third Party Sites. You should make your own investigations with respect to the suitability of Third Party Sites for you.
12. Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right to amend or delete any and all of your content, Third Party Information and/or Third Party Sites, and to block any user, if we believe that there is a violation of these Terms, or for any other reason, in our sole discretion.
13. Delays and outages
We are not responsible for any delays or interruptions to the Site or for any services provided by us through the Site. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimise delays and interruptions. We cannot warrant that the Site will be available at all times or at any given time. We may at any time and without notice to you, discontinue the Site in whole or in part. We are not responsible for any loss, cost, damage or liability that may result from our discontinuance of the Site.
14. Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all liability for any loss, damage, costs or expense, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special and/or consequential including loss of profits, suffered by you or any third party, or claims made against you or any third party which result from any use of or access to, any inability to use or access, the Site, or any delay in or failure to provide any services through the Site.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all representations, guarantees, warranties or terms (whether express or implied) other than those expressly set out in these Terms, and the Australian Consumer Law to the extent applicable.
15. Disclaimer
The Site is provided to you without warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant that the functions contained in any material on the Site or your access to the Site will be error free, that any defects will be corrected, that the Site or the server which stores and transmits material to you are free of viruses or any other harmful components, or that the Site will operate on a continuous basis or be available at all times or any particular time.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantee, express or implied, about:
(a) the completeness, currency, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability of any Information, images, products, services, or related graphics contained on the Site for any purpose;
(b) Third Party Information; or
(c) Third Party Sites.
You read, use, and act on Information contained on the Site, Third Party Information and/or Third Party Sites, strictly at your own risk, it is not intended to be individual advice, a recommendation or an endorsement of the content, individual, product, greenslip, organisation or information. It does not create an advisory relationship with us. It is not a substitute for any professional advice based on your personal or financial circumstances. You should make your own inquiries and seek independent professional advice from qualified professionals.
The cost comparisons and Information on our Site are intended for New South Wales vehicle owners only, the Information is not intended for vehicle owners in other States or Territories or outside Australia. We do not sell greenslips. Before purchasing a greenslip or other similar product, you should undertake your own research in respect of the greenslip you intend to purchase, to verify that the insurer and the product meet your specific requirements.
16. Indemnity
By using the Site, you agree to defend and fully indemnify and hold us (and our officers, directors, employees, contractors and agents) harmless from and against all claims, actions, suits, demands, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses (including legal costs and expenses on a full indemnity basis), including in tort, contract or negligence, arising out of or connected to:
(a) your use of or access to the Site;
(b) any breach by you of these Terms;
(c) any act or omission, directly or indirectly made by you in reliance upon Information; or
(d) any wilful, unlawful or negligent act or omission by you.
This defence and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms and your use of the Site. These Terms, and any rights and licences granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction.
17. Breach
You may only use the Site for lawful purposes and in a manner consistent with the nature and purpose of the Site. By using the Site, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in these Terms are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable you must not use the Site. We reserve the right to remove any and all content found to be in breach of intellectual property rights, including without limitation copyright, or which in our opinion is deemed inappropriate and/or illegal. If you access the Site and undertake requests for information through automated and repetitive applications or if you breach these Terms, we reserve the right to block you from the Site and to enforce our rights against you. If we do not act in relation to a breach of these Terms by you, this does not waive our rights to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches of these Terms by you. All rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved.
18. Exclusion of Competitors
You are prohibited from using the Site, including the Information, in any way that competes with our business. If you breach this term, we will hold you responsible for any loss that we may sustain, and hold you accountable for any profits that you may make from non-permitted use. We reserve the right to exclude any person from using the Site and Information, in our sole discretion.
19. Enforceability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, then the provision will not apply in that jurisdiction and is deemed not to have been included in these Terms in that jurisdiction. This will not affect the remainder of these Terms, which continue in full force and effect.
20. Further assurances
Each party must, at its own expense, do everything reasonably necessary to give full effect to these Terms and the events contemplated by them.
21. Termination
These Terms are effective until terminated by us, which we may do at any time and without notice to you. In the event of termination, all restrictions imposed on you by these Terms and limitations of liability set out in the Terms will survive.
22. Disputes
Please notify us in writing of any dispute you may have with us relating to the Site.
23. Jurisdiction
Your use of the Site and any dispute arising out of your use of it is subject to the laws of New South Wales and the Commonwealth of Australia. These Terms are governed by the laws of New South Wales and the Commonwealth of Australia and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts operating in New South Wales. The Site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. We make no representation that the Site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access the Site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the Site.
For questions about terms of use and notices, please contact us at:
greenslips.com.au Pty Ltd ABN 81 130 177 696
Suite 1201, 66 King Street Sydney NSW 2000
Phone: 02 9262 1811
Email: contact@greenslipcalculator.com.au