http://www.peroniitaly.com/terms-and-conditions
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, PLEASE LEAVE THIS WEBSITE NOW.1. Minimum AgeSome sections of this website are not intended to be accessed if you are under 18 years old or below the minimum legal age for lawfully purchasing alcohol in the country, state, province or territory from which you are viewing this website. Before accessing these sections of the website, you will be asked to confirm your age.2. Content DisclaimerYour use of this website (including downloading material or links to other websites) and your use and reliance on content published on this website are at your own risk. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we expressly exclude any representations, conditions, terms or warranties regarding merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or reasonable care and skill which might otherwise be implied or incorporated into these terms, whether by statute, law or otherwise.Except where it is expressly stated to the contrary, we do not represent or warrant:the accuracy or completeness of the material published on this website;the availability of this website or its operation without error or interruption;the compatibility of this website with your computer system and software;that this website is free from infection in the nature of a virus.3. LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITYThis limitation does not apply to any death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for our fraud. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage incurred by you, whatsoever, which may have been caused by your use or attempted use of this website or any content published on it.4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYAll intellectual property rights in the content of this website (including without limitation trade marks, images and logos) are either owned by us or are used by us under licence, and are reserved to us. You acquire no rights in the content of this website except the limited right to use the website in accordance with the terms.5. USE OF THIS WEBSITEYou are welcome to use this website in accordance with these terms and may print and/or download information from this website for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not:link this website to any other website, or frame any part of this website, without our prior agreement;hack this website, use this website to transmit computer viruses or use this website for any illegal purposes; ormisrepresent or amend content that you copy from this website or use such content without publishing the copyright and other proprietary notices we use in connection with such content, in the same manner and form as used on this website.If you are in breach of these terms or our Privacy Policy we may suspend or block your access to this website.6. HYPERLINKSLinks to other websites are provided for your convenience. We do not endorse or approve these websites or their operators and you download, browse and use such websites at your own risk and without any liability on our part.7. VARIATIONWe may amend, modify, update or discontinue the operation of this website or any content published on it at any time without prior notice to you. We may also amend these terms from time to time.8. GOVERNING LAW AND INTERPRETATIONIf any provision of these terms is held to be void, voidable, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, this shall not affect the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of these terms.These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England.US ONLY - MOLSON COORS BEVERAGE COMPANY TERMS & CONDITIONSFor US programs and promotions, see terms & conditions HERE