http://www.mayflowercorgiclub.org/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
>
Club History
Club Officers
Club Committees
Club Principles & Rules
Club Awards
>
Lila Wolfman Achievement Award
Versatile Performance Award
Versatile Performance Award Excellent
Distinguished Service Award
Club AKC Title Awards
Club Award Forms
Why Join Mayflower?
The Corgi Cryer
>
Special Editions
The MayFlyer
Contact Us
All About Corgis
History of the Breed
Breed Standard
Living with a Corgi
>
Breed Characteristics: The Pembroke as
a Companion
Corgis Do Calculus
Researchers Discover Evolutionary Event Underlying the Origin of Dachshunds, Other Dogs With Short Legs
The Versatile Corgi - Performance Sports
Announcing the NEW GENETIC TEST FOR DM NOW AVAILABLE
Care and Health of Your Corgi
>
Basic Wound Care
De-Skunking Recipe
Fit For Fun
Know the Signs of Lyme Disease
Moving With Pets
NEW CERF GUIDELINES FOR PEMBROKE WELSH CORGIS--11/2001
Pets In Our National Forests
Poisonous Flowers For Dogs
What to Do When a Disaster is Imminent
Training Tips
>
Liver Brownies
So You're Getting A Puppy!
Grooming the Corgi For Show
Grooming Tips: Tame the Wave
Try Junior Showmanship
Dog Legislation
The Corgi Circular
Links
Events
Upcoming Events
Results
>
Recent Results
Archived Results
Event Awards
>
Caroline Kierstead Trophy
Marjorie Wherry Trophy
Georgianna Marshall Perpetual Trophy
Howard Miner Memorial Trophy
Thirza P. Smith Trophy
Dick Blair Memorial Trophy
Annual Specialty
Breeders
Breeders Introduction
Guidelines & Ethics
Breeder Listings
Other Dogs Available
Rescue
Rescue Introduction
Rescue Testimonials
Rescue Corgis Looking for a Forever Home
Member Area
Member Home
VPA VPAX Review
Membership Directory
>
Members By Last Name
Members By Map & State
Members By Date Joined
Honorary Members
In Memorium
Information Update Request
The Mayflyer
Membership Meetings
Board Meeting Minutes
Document Archive
Disciplinary Procedures & Motions
Committee Area
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENTI. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENTThis Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information Mayflower Pembroke Welsh Corgi Club, Inc. ("MPWCC," "us," "we" or "our") collects through our web site links to this Privacy Statement, including without limitation www.mayflowercorgiclub.org, and any related sub domain names (the "Site"). This Privacy Statement does not govern our collection of personal information through any website or other means, other than through the Site.By using the Site, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, our practices surrounding the collection, use, and sharing of personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not access, browse, or use the Site.II. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTA. ACTIVELY COLLECTED INFORMATIONYou may be asked to provide personal information if you register as a user of the Site, to submit information or request information from us, or to use the services offered through the Site, such as, making purchases in our Online Store or using your Member account. This personal information includes information that identifies you (whether directly or indirectly) such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other demographic information, and any other information you voluntarily provide.If you decide to make any purchases through the Site, we will collect your name and address in order to ship such purchases. Payment information will be handled strictly by Paypal, Inc. Your payment information will be handled following all of Paypal's terms of service.B. PASSIVELY COLLECTED INFORMATIONWe may collect certain information about your use of the Site through the use of tracking technologies or by other passive means. We may use analytics applications such as Google Analytics to help us collect and analyze this information. This "passively collected" information includes, but is not limited to, the domain name of the website that allowed you to navigate to the Site, search engines used, the internet protocol ("IP") address used, the length of time spent on the Site, the pages you looked at on the Site, other websites you visited before and after visiting the Site, your browser type, the frequency of your visits to the Site, and other relevant statistics, including the following:Log Information. When you access the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address (or the proxy server you use to access the internet), browser type, browser language, your computer operating system, your mobile device and mobile operating system, the name of your internet service provider or your mobile carrier, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies (small text files containing a string of characters) that may uniquely identify your browser.Navigation Information. When you visit or access the Site we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came (known as a "referring URL") and the site to which you are going when you leave the Site. Additionally, advertisers receive the URL of the page you were on when you click on an ad on the Site. The Site may include links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether you have clicked on a link or opened an email from us. We use this information to improve the quality of our products and design.Location Data. We may also receive location data passed to us from location-enabled devices that you have enabled or from third-party services.Cookies. When you visit or access the Site, we send one or more cookies (small text files containing a string of characters) to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of the Site by storing user preferences and tracking user trends. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use some customized features available through the Site.Web Beacons. Web beacons (also known as "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs") are 1x1 single-pixel graphics that allow us to count the number of users who have visited or accessed the Site and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. We may employ web beacons to facilitate Site administration and navigation, to track the actions of users of the Site, to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates, and to provide an enhanced online experience for visitors to the Site. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened.III. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal information collected through the Site may be used by MPWCC and its affiliates for purposes of:IV. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHAREWe do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share personal information collected through the Site, except as described below:Subsidiaries and Affiliates. We may share personal information collected through the Site with our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.Service Providers. We work with third parties that provide services on our behalf. Such services may include, without limitation, product fulfillment, website and email hosting, marketing, website analytics, advertising, and payment card processing services. We may share personal information and non-personal information collected through the Site with these third parties so that these third parties can provide services on our behalf. We do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of such third parties.Marketing. We enter into certain select marketing relationships with advertisers and other companies that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to users of the Site. We will share personal information or any information collected through the Site with those marketing partners in order to help them send you information that we believe will be of interest to you.Third Party Payment Processors. If you make purchases through the Site, we may share personal information with third parties who process payments on our behalf. MPWCC is not responsible for the conduct of any third parties who process payments on our behalf, and we expressly disclaim all liability for damages of any kind arising out of the action or inaction of such third parties.Non-Private or Non-Personal Information. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of people who visited or accessed the Site or the number of profiles created by users of the Site.Third-Party Advertising Entities. You may see third party advertisements posted through the Site. Some advertisements are chosen by companies that place advertisements on behalf of other third party advertisers. The information they collect from the Site does not identify you personally.If you choose to interact with specific advertisers who advertise through the Site, the information you provide to them is subject to the conditions of their specific privacy policies.Consent. We may share personal information in accordance with any consent you provide.Required by Law. We may disclose personal information or any information collected through the Site if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in response to a request from government officials or law enforcement authorities, or as necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity.Certain Transactions. We may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through the Site to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our stock or assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.Public Information. Note that any information which you upload, post, e-mail, submit or otherwise transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site to a public message board, blog, chat area or other public area of the Site becomes public information. You are solely responsible for any such information you choose to post on or through the Site, and you may always choose not to divulge any personal information to the public when posting to a message board, chat area or other public area of the Site. All information that is posted to a message board, blog, chat area, or other public area of the Site may be shared by us with others.V. AGGREGATE INFORMATIONWe may compile personal information and other information collected through the Site on an aggregate basis. This information may include, without limitation, the number of users who have registered for the Site and demographic information about users of the Site. Such aggregate information does not identify you individually. We may use aggregate information and share aggregate information with third parties for any of the purposes specified in this Privacy Statement, or for any other lawful purpose.VI. YOUR CHOICESA. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDEYou can always choose whether or not to provide information on the Site. However, if you choose not to disclose certain information, you will not be able to create an account on the Site, which may limit your access to certain portions of the Site or your ability to conduct certain transactions on the Site.B. COMMUNICATIONS FROM USIf at any time you decide that you no longer wish to receive notices from us regarding the Site, you may indicate this in writing to the webmaster at mayflowercorgiclub@gmail.com.C. UPDATING INFORMATIONWe encourage registered users of the Site to keep their personal information current. You may access, edit or delete personal information provided about you by requesting an update to your account from the webmaster. For Corgi Cryer subscribers, you may edit your postal mailing address by emailing the subscription manager.If you prefer that MPWCC not share certain other personal information that you voluntarily submit to us, through the website or through membership application/due renewal, you may indicate your preference that we not share such personal information you have provided through the Site to third parties by emailing the webmaster, Susan Jacob, at mayflowercorgiclub@gmail.com.VII. INFORMATION STORAGE AND SECURITYWe employ reasonable security precautions to protect personal information about you. The Site is operated from a secure environment with integrated security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information provided on or through the Site. We use secure socket layer (SSL) software to encrypt certain types of information, such as payment card information, when transmitting information between your browser and the Site. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure. As a result, although we strive to protect personal information about you, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Site. If you have reason to believe that personal information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately by contacting us in accordance with the last section below.VIII. A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT CHILDRENChildren are not eligible to use the Site, and we ask that minors (children under the age of 13) not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use the Site only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.IX. EXTERNAL LINKSThe Site contains links to various websites that MPWCC does not control. When you click on one of these links, you will no longer be transacting business through the Site. Third party websites maintain their own privacy policies, and we do not exercise any control over any of the third party websites that may be linked to the Site. If you visit a website that is linked to the Site, you should consult that website's privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of personal information about you.X. SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USEThe Site is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to the Site are governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Connecticut in the United States of America and not the jurisdiction in which you are located. If you are located outside of the United States of America and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize such transfer.XI. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may change or update the Site or any of our policies and procedures without prior notice. We will post a notice on this Site to advise you of any significant changes to this Privacy Statement and indicate at the bottom of this Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated. Your continued use of the Site signifies your continued assent to the terms of this Privacy Statement, as updated or amended at that time.XII. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICYIf you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email to mayflowercorgiclub@gmail.com.Last Updated: June 28, 2015
MPWCC is a Licensed Club of the AKC.
MPWCC is a PWCCA regional affiliate club.
© 2020 Mayflower Pembroke Welsh Corgi Club, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Member Login | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Image Credits | Admin