https://www.softpaws.com/terms-and-conditions/
Categories
SOFT PAWS® CATS
SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories/Toys
Accessories
Brushes
Dog Holiday Items
Cat Holiday Items
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
PHOTO GALLERY
Testimonials
TESTIMONIALS - CATS
TESTIMONIALS - DOGS
Other Categories
All Muffin Blankets
Valentine's Day Toys
Cat Cave Easter Baskets
Cat Caves
Extra Applicator Tips / Glue / Nail Clippers
Fountains
Halloween Cat Toys
Halloween Dog Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Litter Mat Mates
Muffin Pillow Discount
Music My Pet CDs
Stocking Stuffers for Cats
Special-Sale-Products
Stocking Stuffers for Dogs
Tiger Dreamz Products
West Paw Floating Toys
Brushes / Grooming
Litter-Box Tools & Mats
Training Aids
Beds & Fountains
Miscellaneous
Order Now
Brands
SoftPawsRatherbeeVee EnterprisesYeowww!Super Happy PetsWest PawZanies
View all brands
Additional Information
Home
7 Ways Pets Make Humans Happier
Are Laser Toys OK for Cats and Dogs?
Aspirin Poisoning in Cats
Autumn Safety Tips for Dogs
Canine Leptospirosis
Cat Home Grooming Tips
Cats and Christmas Trees: How to End the Love Affair
Causes, Signs, and Treatment of Stress in Cats
Clicker Training for Dogs
Common Household Poisonings in Pets
Cookies Policy
Dental Health Care for Pets
Destressing Vet Visits for Your Cat
Does My Cat Need a Grooming Appointment?
Does Your Cat Have Separation Anxiety?
Dog Bite Prevention Techniques
Dog Training 101: General Tips for Successful Dog Training
Free Shipping on Orders over $49!
General Anesthesia and Your Pet
Green Pet Care
Hairballs: What Are They and Why Do Cats Get Them?
Heartworm in Dogs: What You Need to Know
Help for Dogs That Drag Their Nails
How Much Should My Cat Sleep?
How Soft Paws® Can Help Ease Introductions
How Soft Paws® Can Help Protect Kids
How to Behave at the Dog Park
How to Clean a Litter Box
How to Exercise a Cat
How to Give Your Pet a Pill
How to Keep Your Cat Off the Counter
How to Play with Your Cat: Interactive Is Best
How to Spruce up Old Cat Toys
Hyperthyroidism in Cats: How to Recognize and Treat It
Is My Dog Bored?
Is My Dog Sick?
Leash Walking Your Dog: Basic Tips and Benefits
Microchipping: What Is It and Why Should You Do It?
New York Becomes First State to Ban Declawing
People Who Are Allergic to Cats: How to Deal with Cat Allergies
Privacy Policy
Should Dogs Play Tug-of-War?
Sign Up for the FREE SoftPaws Newsletter
Sign Up for the FREE SoftPaws Newsletter - Action Needed
Soft Paws® Can Help a Cat Adjust to a New Cat in the Home
Soft Paws® Can Help Dogs with Painful Ear Infections
Soft Paws® Can Help Protect Door Frames and Walls from Cat Scratches
Soft Paws® Can Help Protect People on Blood Thinners and Others from Pet Scratches
Soft Paws® Can Help with Dogs That Jump
Soft Paws® May Help People with Diabetes Keep Their Pets
Summer Water Safety Tips for Dogs
Summertime Dog Safety
Terms and Conditions
The Benefits of Adopting an Adult Dog
The Meanings of 6 Strange Dog Behaviors
Tips for Giving a Cat a Bath
Tips for Mixing House Guests and Canine Family Members at Thanksgiving
Tips for Using Soft Paws Adhesive
Ways to Make Your Indoor Cat Super Happy
What Is Feliway and How Does It Work?
Why Do Cats Knock Things Off Shelves?
Why Do My Cat's Claws Shed?
Why Does My Cat Play in the Food and Water Bowls?
Why Does My Cat Rub His Face on Things?
4 Common Cat Training Mistakes
About Soft Paws
About Soft Paws for Cats
About Soft Paws for Dogs
Application Instructions
Application Instructions for Cats
Application Instructions for Dogs
Articles
Cat Scratching, Declawing, and Rentals: How to Talk with Your Landlord About Declawing
Don't Ignore These Signs of Illness in Your Kitten!
Facts About Cat Claws That Relate to the Use of Soft Paws
Fascinating Facts About Cat Claws
Halloween Safety Tips for Your Cat
Halloween Safety Tips for Your Dog
How Can I Keep Soft Paws® on My Pet?
How to Towel Wrap Your Cat
How to Trim Your Dog's Nails
Increase Your Bond with Your Cat with Soft Paws®
Kitty Cat April/May Color Combos
Kitty Cat August/September Color Combos
Kitty Cat December/January Color Combos
Kitty Cat February/March Combos
Kitty Cat January/February Color Combos
Kitty Cat July/August Color Combos
Kitty Cat June/July Color Combos
Kitty Cat March/April Color Combos
Kitty Cat May/June Color Combos
Kitty Cat November/December Color Combos
Kitty Cat October/November Color Combos
Kitty Cat September/October Color Combos
Pets Other Than Dogs and Cats That Can Wear Soft Paws®
Puppy Dog April/May Color Combos
Puppy Dog August/September Color Combos
Puppy Dog December/January Color Combos
Puppy Dog February/March Combos
Puppy Dog January/February Color Combos
Puppy Dog July/August Color Combos
Puppy Dog June/July Color Combos
Puppy Dog March/April Color Combos
Puppy Dog May/June Color Combos
Puppy Dog November/December Color Combos
Puppy Dog October/November Color Combos
Puppy Dog September/October Color Combos
Questions & Answers: Soft Paws for Cats
Questions & Answers: Soft Paws for Dogs
Questions/Answers
Size Guidelines for Cats
Size Guidelines for Dogs
Soft Paws Application Video
Soft Paws® Myths: Busted
Soft Paws®: The Quick and Cheap Declawing Alternative
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Testimonials cats Page 10
Testimonials cats Page 11
Testimonials cats Page 12
Testimonials cats Page 13
Testimonials cats Page 14
Testimonials cats Page 15
Testimonials cats Page 16
Testimonials cats Page 17
Testimonials cats Page 18
Testimonials cats Page 2
Testimonials cats Page 3
Testimonials cats Page 4
Testimonials cats Page 5
Testimonials cats Page 6
Testimonials cats Page 7
Testimonials cats Page 8
Testimonials cats Page 9
Testimonials Dogs Page 2
Testimonials Dogs Page 3
Testimonials Dogs Page 4
Testimonials Dogs Page 5
Testimonials Dogs Page 6
Testimonials Dogs Page 7
Testimonials Dogs Page 8
Thank you for your subscription
Trimming Your Cat's Claws
Things Landlords Should Know Before Requiring a Tenant to Declaw Their Cat
Use Soft Paws® for Life Transitions
Using Soft Paws® Can Increase Your Bond with Your Cat
Using Soft Paws® for Your Pet's Medical Problems
Using Soft Paws® on the Go
Veterinarians & Groomers
Ways Soft Paws® Can Help an Older Dog
What Size Cat & Dog
Why Do Cats Pee on Their Human's Bed?
About Us
Cat Gallery - Page 2
Cat Gallery - Page 3
Cat Gallery - Page 4
Cat Gallery - Page 5
Cat Gallery - Page 6
Contact Us
Dog Gallery - Page 2
Dog Gallery - Page 3
Help
Testimonials Page 2
Testimonials Page 3
Testimonials Page 4
Testimonials Page 5
Testimonials Page 6
Testimonials Page 7
Testimonials Page 8
Testimonials Page 9
Blog
Shipping & Returns
RSS Syndication
Site Information
Loading... Please wait...
Original, Authentic Soft Paws®
Made in the USA.
Accept No Imitations!Free Shipping on orders over $49 (some restrictions apply)
Home
About
FAQs
Articles
Gift Certificates
Wish Lists
Sign in or Create an account
View Cart
Search
Categories
SOFT PAWS® CATS
SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories/Toys
Accessories
Brushes
Dog Holiday Items
Cat Holiday Items
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
PHOTO GALLERY
Testimonials
TESTIMONIALS - CATS
TESTIMONIALS - DOGS
Other Categories
All Muffin Blankets
Valentine's Day Toys
Cat Cave Easter Baskets
Cat Caves
Extra Applicator Tips / Glue / Nail Clippers
Fountains
Halloween Cat Toys
Halloween Dog Toys
Interactive Cat Toys
Litter Mat Mates
Muffin Pillow Discount
Music My Pet CDs
Stocking Stuffers for Cats
Special-Sale-Products
Stocking Stuffers for Dogs
Tiger Dreamz Products
West Paw Floating Toys
Brushes / Grooming
Litter-Box Tools & Mats
Training Aids
Beds & Fountains
Miscellaneous
Order Now
HomeTerms and Conditions
ORDER SOFT PAWS® CATS
ORDER SOFT PAWS® DOGS
Accessories
What Size?
Application Instructions
Questions/Answers
About Soft Paws
Articles
Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Cat Toys
Cat Collars
Dog Toys
Dog Collars
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: November 26, 2018
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the www.softpaws.com website (the "Service") operated by Aquanta LLC ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Communications
By creating an Account on our service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send. However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.
The service may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.
When a package is shipped internationally (outside of the United States), it may be subject to import taxes, customs duties, and/or fees imposed by the destination country. These charges will typically be due once the shipped goods arrive at the country of destination.
The customer/buyer is responsible with ensuring to comply with laws and regulations of the country of destination. Buyers pay the additional costs such as duties, taxes, and customs clearance fees. Import charges can vary widely but are most commonly based on the price and type of item, package weight and dimensions, origin country, and the taxes, duties, and fees of the destination country.
Aquanta LLC accepts no responsibility for any additional charges that may apply.
Please note that certain countries may require certain documentation before the items are sent. If the necessary information is not provided, this may result in delays in the order.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.
We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions
Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms & Conditions. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Promotion rules will apply.
Coupon Codes and Discounts
From time to time, Aquanta LLC offers coupon codes and discounts. Items already bundled or discounted on the site are eligible for those coupon codes or discounts unless otherwise expressly stated.
Multiple coupon codes can not be combined.
Content
Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through the Service. However, by posting Content using the Service you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use your Content subject to these Terms.
Aquanta LLC has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all Content provided by users.
In addition, Content found on or through this Service are the property of Aquanta LLC or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Copyright Policy
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights ("Infringement") of any person or entity.
If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your claim via email to legal@aquantallc.com, with the subject line: "Copyright Infringement" and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged Infringement as detailed below, under "DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims"
You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresentation or bad-faith claims on the infringement of any Content found on and/or through the Service on your copyright.
DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims
You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright's interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work;
identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
You can contact our Copyright Agent via email at legal@aquantallc.com
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Aquanta LLC and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Aquanta LLC.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Aquanta LLC
Aquanta LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Aquanta LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Aquanta LLC and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Aquanta LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Aquanta LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Disclaimer: This Website Does Not Provide Medical Advice
The contents of this website, including but not limited to graphics, images, text, or any other information obtained or provided herein, (hereafter referred to as "Content") are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to replace or be used as professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. If you have questions about a medical condition or require medical advice, always seek the advice of your veterinarian, physician, or other qualified healthcare provider. Do not ignore or delay seeking professional medical advice, diagnosis, and/or treatment because of something you have read or viewed on this website. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your veterinarian and/or doctor, or 911 immediately. This website does not endorse or recommend any specific tests, veterinarians, physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the website.
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Aquanta LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Liability
The use of, and access to, this website and the Content is completely voluntary and at the sole risk of the user. When using the website, information is transmitted by means, channels, and intermediary vehicles that may be beyond the control of the website or the website owner, Dr. Christianne Schelling, and her agents/associates (hereafter referred to collectively as "us" or "we"). We assume no liability for or related to any Content, and/or the corruption, delay, or failure of any data or information transmitted or used in connection with the Content and the website.
Reliance on any information provided by the Content is at your own risk. Because the purpose of the Content is informational only, and does not target any specific user, it does not constitute "doing business" or "soliciting business" or "establishing minimum contacts" by us or our affiliated companies under any jurisdiction.
The website and the entirety of the Content are provided on an "as is" basis. WE, AND OUR SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE ARE NOT LIABLE TO ANY USER OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY ACTION TAKEN BASED ON RELIANCE UPON THE CONTENT CONTAINED OR PROVIDED ON THE WEBSITE. Without limiting the foregoing, we, and our suppliers make no representations or warranties about the following:
The accuracy, reliability, completeness, relevance, or timeliness of the Content, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the website or Content.
The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any tools and/or methods with regard to the Content contained on the website.
In no event shall Aquanta LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. We, and our suppliers, and any third parties mentioned on the website are not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the website or Content.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Disclaimer: This website is not intended to replace professional consultation, diagnosis, or treatment by a licensed veterinarian. If you require any veterinary related advice, contact your veterinarian promptly. Information at SoftPaws.com is exclusively of a general reference nature. Do not disregard veterinary advice or delay treatment as a result of accessing information at this site.
Sign up for the Soft Paws Newsletter:
Click Here
Company Information
About Us
Testimonials
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
My Account
Login/Register
Order Status
Affiliates
Become an Affiliate
Customer Service
Free Shipping Offer
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Help
FAQs
Products
Soft Paws® Cats
Soft Paws® Dogs
Supplies
Gallery
Cat Gallery
Dog Gallery
*Soft Paws ® is a trademark for Soft paws nail caps for cats and dogs of Soft Paws Inc., Lafayette, LA. Patent No. 4,962,731. Made in USA.All Rights Reserved Website © AQUANTA LLC 2020