http://www.tequilaespolon.com/privacy-policy
Home
Story
Process
Tequilas
Cocktails
Buy
Privacy PolicyCAMPARI AMERICA PRIVACY POLICY – UPDATED JULY 1, 2015Welcome to www.tequilaespolon.com (“Site”), of Campari America LLC (“Campari America”). Campari America wants you to know what information we learn about you when you visit this Site; what we do with that information and any other information you voluntarily provide us through this Site; how you can view or change the information we have; and the steps that we take to ensure the security of the information that we collect from you. This privacy policy describes our information collection and use practices on this Site only. It does not apply to information you might provide on another site operated by us, or one of our partners or affiliates, nor does it apply to information you may provide to us through other forums, including offline or through electronic mail.What Types Of Information Do We Collect At This Site?There are 2 types of information that we can learn about you as you browse and use this Site. They are:    1.    Internet-related Information which consists of generic statistical and demographic information that we gather passively from visitors to the Site.    2.    Personal Information that you provide to us when registering, ordering online, entering a promotion, or making contact with us.Internet-Related Information Gathered PassivelyWe collect Internet-related Information from visitors to our Site, including the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to the Site, the country, state, or province you are located in, the pages of our Site that you viewed during your visit, and any search terms entered on our Site. In addition, for mobile users, we gather information on your mobile device and operating system. We also track users’ traffic patterns throughout their online sessions, including which pages or specific URLs you view while using the Site. We gather this information for the purposes of system administration, such as to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to gather broad demographic information, to monitor the level of activity on our Site, and to administer our Site. We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our Site, demographic information, and sales and other shopping information with third parties such as our web design vendor to enrich your visitor experience.Actively Collected Personal Information You ProvideUsers who register for mailing lists on our Site will receive the option to receive newsletters, promotions, and other special benefits. Registered users will receive additional announcements from us about products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. If you do provide information about yourself by registering for a mailing list, ordering a product, filling out a survey, entering a promotion (including contests, sweepstakes, offers, and rebates), or otherwise voluntarily telling us about yourself or your activities, we will collect and use that Personal Information to respond to your request, and for other business purposes, including identifying consumer preferences and improving our products and services and the content of this Site. We may also contact you by email, regular mail, fax, text message, or telephone from time to time with information about our new products and services, special offers, upcoming events, and changes to this Site. If you do not wish to be contacted by all or any of these methods, you may let us know by sending an email message to us at SKYY@qualitycustomercare.com or by clicking on the opt-out link on our email messages. Please be sure to give us your exact name and address, and your detailed request so we can respond appropriately.How Do We Collect This Information?CookiesWhen you visit this Site, we leave a “Cookie” in the memory of your Web browser. The site will only function properly if Cookies are enabled. This Site uses session Cookies to authenticate you as a user and display content that is relevant and specific to you. Cookies are very small files that store information about your visit to and use of this Site. Most major commercial Internet sites use them and they make your Internet-surfing more useful and less time-consuming for you because they store information such as birthday and other preferences you have chosen to share with us. Some information may be stored permanently, while other types of information may only be stored for a limited period of time. Cookies cannot access and read the files on your hard drive and cannot be used as a virus. They do allow us to provide information and products that are more meaningful to you without asking you the same questions every time you visit us. We also use Cookies to track your visit to our Site to collect aggregate data. However, this information will only be used for analytical purposes and will be limited to the minimum necessary to perform the analysis. We hope you will want the better service that Cookies allow, but if you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse Cookies. However by doing that, it may affect your ability to use some of the products, services, and features available on the Site.Internet Log FilesCampari America and our third party web analytics vendor may maintain log files which contain IP addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. In general, we use log files to monitor traffic on our Site and to troubleshoot technical problems.Analytic Metrics ToolsCampari America uses third party proprietary analytics metrics technologies such as Google Analytics to collect non-personal information when you use our online products and services on your personal computer or mobile device. These tools and technologies use server log files, Cookies, and other tracking technologies to collect and analyze broad demographic information about the visitors to our Site.HOW CAN YOUR INFORMATION BE USED?If you provide us with your consent, we may share your Personal Information with our affiliates and business partners with whom we have joint marketing arrangements. If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with our marketing affiliates and business partners, then please let us know by contacting us at tequilaespolon@qualitycustomercare.com.We employ other companies to perform certain functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, and services related to the design, maintenance, analysis, and improvement of this Site and our database and related systems. These companies have access to your information. Regardless of whether you have provided us with consent, we will share your information with those companies that perform certain functions on our behalf under contract to us, and as may be necessary to comply with applicable laws, police investigations, or in legal proceedings where disclosure of such information is relevant and permitted by law. Campari America will also assign, sell, license, or otherwise transfer to a third party your name, address, e-mail address, member name, and any other Personal Information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the Campari America service, or the assets, business, or stock of Campari America.How can you Access Or Modify Your Personal Information?You have the right to access and modify your Personal Information. Once you have registered and logged in to the site (if applicable), you can access and change your Personal Information by editing your Profile. You can change part or all of your information. Once you have made the appropriate changes, submit your changes and your Profile will be updated immediately. You may also contact us at tequilaespolon@qualitycustomercare.com to access or make changes to your personal information.Where Do We Store And How Do We Secure Your Personal Information?Your Personal Information will be kept in a database held on servers kept in a physically and technologically secure environment, which may be located outside of the United States, accessed only by authorized personnel or contractors who are bound to keep your information confidential. To the extent you make a purchase at the Site, all transmissions of your credit card information are encrypted. We have in place procedures for training our employees about their obligations under this Privacy Policy and for disciplining them for failure to follow this Policy. We also have in place internal procedures to confirm general company compliance with this Policy.Your information may be transferred to Campari America, located in San Francisco, California, U.S.A, which location may be outside of your own country, and by providing us with your information, you are consenting to such transfer. Although we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of any Personal Information collected, we will not be liable for disclosure of Personal Information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user name and password (if applicable). You shall be responsible for all uses of your membership, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify Campari America of any unauthorized use of your user name or password by contacting us tequilaespolon@qualitycustomercare.com.YOU MUST READ THE PRIVACY POLICIES OF THIRD PARTY SITESOn this Site, we may provide as a convenience to you links to other websites, including sites operated by us, our partners, associates, or independent third parties such as Facebook, Twitter, or YouTube. These links are provided as a convenience to you. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization, or a representation of our affiliation with that third party. Each website has its own privacy practices, as described in that site’s privacy policy. Those practices may be different than the practices described herein, and we urge you to read each website’s privacy policy carefully before you use or submit information to that site. Additionally, to the extent that you follow a link to a website operated by an independent third party, please be aware that we exercise no authority or control over that third party, and cannot and are not responsible for any information that you may submit at that site.CHILDREN’S PRIVACY PROTECTIONThis Site does not target children or provide products or services for use by children. We do not knowingly collect information from persons under the legal drinking age. If you are not of legal drinking age, you may not use this Site.WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR UPDATE THIS POLICY AT ANY TIME BY POSTING A NOTICE THAT WE HAVE REVISED OUR PRIVACY POLICY OR BY SENDING AN E-MAIL MESSAGE TO PREVIOUSLY REGISTERED VISITORS.What To Do If You Have Questions Or Concerns About Your Information, Or If You Need To Contact Us?If you need information or have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our use of your Personal Information, or wish to review all of your Personal Information, you may contact our Customer Service Group via e-mail at SKYY@qualitycustomercare.com or via mail at 1255 Battery St. Suite 500 San Francisco, CA 94111.