https://www.cracked.com/eu-privacy-policy.html
×
Log in
Register
Don't make me do this again
Forgot Password?
or
Don't have an account?
Continue as Guest
Please enter a Username
I agree to the Terms of Service
Add me to the weekly newsletter
Add me to the daily newsletter
I am AWESOME!
Create Account
×
CONNECT WITH CRACKED
Thanks for connecting! You're almost done. Connect to your existing Cracked account if you have one or create a new Cracked username.
Link Existing Cracked Account
or
Create New Account
Use My Facebook Avatar
Add me to the weekly Newsletter
I am Awesome!
Login
Home
Articles
Columnists
Photoplasty
Pictofacts
Podcasts
Cracked Store
Personal Experiences
Videos
Categories
Movies & TV
Video Games
Music
Sports
History
Science
Sex
Tech
News
Celebrities
Weird World
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2005-2016 Cracked is published by Literally Media Ltd.,
Toggle navigation
Articles
Categories
Celebrities
History
Movies & TV
Music
News
Science
Sex
Sports
Tech
Video Games
Weird
World
Articles
Columnists
Photoplasties
Photoplasty
Photoplasty
Pictofacts
Pictofact
Pictofacts
Podcast
Podcast
Podcasts
Cracked Store
More
More
Personal Experiences
Videos
Greatest
Hits
EU Privacy Policy
Effective date: August [3], 2018
Introduction:
Cracked.com (“Cracked”, “we”, “us”, “our”), which is operated by Literally Media, is committed to fulfilling our responsibilities under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in relation to the collection, retention, use, and other processing of personal data that is obtained when EU data subjects visit and interact with our website, mobile application, email newsletter, and other digital platforms and services (together, the “Service”). This Privacy Notice sets forth how we process EU personal data in our role as a data controller (i.e., when we are responsible for determining the purpose and means of the processing).
This Privacy Notice covers:
Personal Data We Collect
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
How We May Share Your Personal Data
How We Use Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
How We Protect Your Personal Data
How Long We Retain Your Personal Data
Personal Data Transfers
Your Rights and Choices
How to Contact Us
Personal Data We Collect
We may collect and process the following information when you interact with the Service.
Contact data. You may provide us with your contact details, such as name, phone number, physical address, email address, or other similar information.
Account Information. In addition to contact data, when creating an account you may provide us with additional information about yourself in your forums profile.
Authentication Data. To verify the identity of registered users we may collect a user name, password, and other similar authentication information.
Device Information. We may obtain information about devices that access our Service, including the type of device, its operating system, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.
Location Information. We may collect and use general location information (e.g., zip code, area code) or specific location information (e.g., real-time GPS coordinates) from devices used to access our Service.
Job Application Information. If you apply for a job through our Careers page or apply to Write for us as a freelance contributor, we or our vendor may collect your name, e-mail address, physical address, phone number, and CV.
Other Information You Provide. This includes emails and other communications that you send us or otherwise contribute, such as customer support inquiries. Please be aware that information you post on public parts of our Service may be visible to anyone
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
We may process personal data to:
Transact with you, respond to your comments, questions and requests, provide customer service, send you informational notices, and contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information;
Process job applications received through our Careers page;
Facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve our customer and partner relationships;
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm;
Ensure the security and integrity of the personal data we process; and
Comply with applicable legal requirements.
Our processing of such personal data is carried out pursuant to the following legal bases:
You have consented to the use of your personal data. When you consent, you can change your mind at any time.
The processing is necessary for us to provide you with the services and products you request, or to respond to your inquiries.
We have a legal obligation to process your personal data, such as to comply with applicable tax and other government regulations or to comply with a court order or binding law enforcement request.
To protect your vital interests, or those of others.
We have a legitimate interest in using your personal data. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in the following cases:
To analyze and improve the safety and security of our Service. This includes implementing and enhancing security measures and protections and protecting against fraud, spam, and abuse.
To maintain and improve the Service.
To operate the Service and provide you with certain tailored advertising and communications to develop and promote our business.
To anonymize personal data and subsequently use the anonymized information.
If we make a material change to how we process your personal data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Notice.
How We May Share Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data:
With our affiliates or business partners when it is reasonably necessary or desirable, such as to help provide services to you or analyze and improve the website.
To our agents, vendors, consultants, marketing service providers, and other service providers who perform functions on our behalf. For example, we may use third parties to help us provide customer support, manage our advertisements on other websites, and send marketing and other communications on our behalf.
To abide by applicable law or protect rights and interests. For example, we may disclose your personal data if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, protect our or others’ rights, property, or interests, or prevent fraud or abuse.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of some or all of our assets.
Please note that in certain situations Cracked may be obligated to disclose personal data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How We Use Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We utilize online identification technologies—such as cookies, web beacons, or pixels—in accordance with applicable law and requirements. "Cookies" are small text files placed on your hard drive when you visit a website; they store information which is sent back to our servers or those of third parties. As described in more detail below, we use such technologies to:
Recognize new or past customers;
Store your password if you are registered on our website;
Improve our website and to better understand your visits;
Integrate with third party social media websites;
Serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising;
Observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms; and to
Better understand the interests of our customers and our website visitors.
Some cookies are required for certain uses of the website. For example, if you choose to register an account through our website, we will use cookies to facilitate your registration and remember your preferences.
Different types of cookies may be used for specific purposes, for example:
Functional cookies and cookies from third parties may be used for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional cookies enable certain parts of the website to work properly, retain user preferences, and allow users to log in using social network user credentials.
Analysis cookies may collect information on how visitors use a website, the content and products that website users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of third-party advertising.
Advertising cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences. This may include, for example, placing ads at the top of search results.
Cookies are either “session” cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or “persistent,” which remain until you delete them or the party who served the cookie removes it. Further details concerning the cookies we use on our websites are available in the table included at the bottom of this section.
You can set your browser settings either to receive our cookies or use our website without cookie functionality. To control flash cookies visit this link. Please note that if you restrict the use of cookies, some functions of the website may be unavailable, and we will not be able to present you with personally-tailored content.
We may link the information collected by cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Notice. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our website may link your name or email address to other information they collect.
Category
Description
Preferences
Cookies that allow our website to remember information that alters the way the website behaves or appears on your screen. For example, we may provide you with local ads based on your region. Loss of information stored in these cookies may make the website experience less functional but should not prevent the website from working.
Security
Cookies that authenticate you, prevent fraudulent logins and protect data from unauthorized individuals. For example, we may use cookies that digitally sign and encrypt records of your user account while navigating our website. These cookies allow you to navigate different pages on the website securely without the need to sign back in.
Processes
Cookies that are fundamental to functional operation of the website that deliver services that our visitors expect, such as navigating web pages or accessing secure areas on our website. The website will not function without these cookies.
Advertising
Cookies used to make advertising more relevant for visitors. Our partners may also use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads.
Session State
Cookies that collect information about how visitors interact with the website. This may include the pages users visit most often and whether users get error messages from certain pages. We use these cookies to help us improve our Services. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not render the website unusable.
Analytics
Cookies that help us assess how well our website performs and how items such as plugins perform in different areas on the website. These cookies are also used to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational safeguards designed to help protect personal data from unauthorized disclosure or access and accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration. Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information obtained through the Service.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Data
We will store your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the performance of our obligations or to achieve the purposes for which the information was collected, or as may be permitted under applicable law. To determine the appropriate retention period, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data; the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, at the end of the retention period we will remove personal data from our systems and records or take appropriate steps to properly anonymize it.
Personal Data Transfers
We will obtain appropriate consent from EU data subjects prior to transferring their personal data out of the EU to a country that has not been deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal data protection. Please contact us if you have questions regarding our cross-border data transfer activities.
Your Rights and Choices
The GDPR provides EU data subjects with certain rights regarding their personal data. Subject to certain conditions, you may ask Cracked to take the following actions in relation to your personal data that we hold:
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data and give you access to your personal data.
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete your personal data.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal data to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Object to reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis for processing of your personal data.
You can submit these requests by email to privacy@cracked.com or our postal address provided below. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity prior to processing your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal data or our response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may contact us at privacy@cracked.com or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find information about your data protection regulator here.
How to Contact Us
Cracked can be contacted via e-mail sent to privacy@cracked.com or at the following address:
Literally Media Ltd.
Attention: Data Protection Inquiry
61 Greenpoint Ave, Suite 101
Brooklyn, NY, 11222
United States of America