https://www.charterworld.com/index.html?sub=conditions-of-use
Law
The Legal conditions of using this website
Featured Yachts
FAR NIENTE | From EUR€ 38,000/wkLuxury Moonen Motor Yacht
CharterWorld News
Enchanting Croatia charters in the ...Don’t miss out on the latest issue of the ...
Specials
LADY LONA | From EUR€ 22,640/wk SpecialAMER
New Launch Yachts
New 41-metre Dynamiq flagship luxury ...After two years in build, the new Dynamiq GTT ...
Browse Law Section
Home >
About Charterworld >
Law
CharterWorld Law:
Please use the navigation menu on the right or the links below to read our booking terms and conditions, website terms and conditions, disclaimers and privacy policy.
Website Terms & Conditions
Please read our website terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy
CharterWorld's Privacy Policy sets out what we do and don't do with any of your private information that we use in our yacht charter vacation service.
Disclaimer
Please read the CharterWorld Disclaimer which sets out the limitations of our liability and responsibility when displaying information in good faith on this website and elsewhere.
Copyright Infringement & DMCA
The legal terms and conditions relating to copyright for the website.
Booking Terms & Conditions
These are the general CharterWorld terms and conditions when booking a yacht charter vacation. Please also note that in addition, your actual charter contract and booking conditions may vary from
different yacht charter vacation to yacht charter vacation, depending on the individual operator, location or charter yacht owner. You will also be sent the specific charter contract and conditions
for your charter. If you have any further questions regarding the CharterWorld Booking Terms And Conditions or the contract for your particular charter please contact us and we will be happy answer
them.
Cookie Policy
The policy used with respect to website cookies.
Law
Booking Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Website Terms &conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Copyright Infringement
DMCA
Quick Enquiry
Share on FacebookShare on Twitter