https://www.wires.org.au/privacy
x
Register today for WIRES enews and go into the draw to win one of two packs of wildlife books each valued at over $200.
Every new subscriber will receive one entry in the draw and we'll announce the winners on December 7, 2018.
Register Now
WIRES understands the Google translation of our website may not be perfect. However we believe that even with flaws it will help bring information about wildlife and our services to a broader audience. Feedback is always welcome.
Donate
Your gift today will help rescue native animals in distress
Wildlife Rescue 1300 094 737
Rescue Help
Volunteer
Donate Now
Wildlife Rescue 1300 094 737
RescueEmergency adviceReport a rescueBecome a rescuerRegional contactsTrainingWildlife TrainingRescue and CareBecoming a rescuerRescue 101Training GrantsSpecies CoursesCommunity CourseWombat Mange CourseTraining e-NewsDonateWays to giveGive nowGive monthlyGive a gift certificateLeave a gift in your willGive in memoryWildlife Food FundDonate GoodsWildlife InfoWildlife InformationWIRES CalendarWild For LifeKids PagesNewsWildlife blogMedia releasesSeasonal animal adviceRegister for our e-NewsContactContact usRegional numbers
Privacy
NSW Wildlife Information, Rescue & Education Service Inc. Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy in all your interaction with WIRES.
We will do our best to protect your personal information from the moment you share it with us.
The following Privacy Policy sets out how we deal with your personal information.
Collection & Use of Personal Information
WIRES collects personal information from you e.g. name, phone number, email address, postal address or credit card details, in order to provide you specific products or services. We collect this information through our website, during phone calls, from forms and through other correspondence, so that we can:
provide rescue advice and assistance
process donations or merchandise orders
send receipts
engage with our volunteers
keep an accurate record of supporters history with WIRES
inform our supporters of our work and opportunities to assist or become
involved
assist us in developing efficiencies in marketing and fundraising activities
If you opt-in to receive information from WIRES, use our services, donate to us or purchase from us we may add you to our supporter database and we may communicate with you to inform you of additional related activities, products, services or fundraising which may interest you.
WIRES know that nobody wants to receive spam and we only want to send you communication that you are happy to receive.
Your participation in all interaction with WIRES is voluntary and you are able to opt out of any specific communication, or all communication with us at any time. If you wish to opt out of receiving any communications, please contact our support team on this email support@wires.org.au
and you can also unsubscribe from WIRES email lists by clicking the unsubscribe link.
Disclosure
To communicate with you and to provide you specific products or services we may also share or disclose your information to organisations that assist us in service provision e.g. mailing houses and IT providers. These organisations or third party providers are under contractual obligations to not disclose your information and to use that information solely to deliver products or services to you on our behalf. We may also need to disclose your personal information if required by law. We will never sell, rent, trade, loan or lease the information on our list to any external party for any purpose.
WIRES may at your request or in the interest of animal welfare need to refer you or your details to another organisation e.g. RSPCA, NPWS, Fire Brigade, Police and other animal welfare groups. WIRES do not control these organisations and are not responsible for any of their practices that might breach your privacy.
Accuracy of Information
WIRES will take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is accurate, complete and up to date. If you need to access or update your information please email support@wires.org.au
.
Anonymous Contact
If you do not wish to be identified you are able to contact us anonymously. WIRES will not make it mandatory for you to provide personal information unless it’s required to provide a product or service. WIRES may request you to provide information voluntarily and WIRES will allow anonymous transactions wherever that is reasonable and practicable.
Media
No information will be given to the media or used in academic or other publications without the approval of the original source (owner) of the information.
Credit Card Donations and Payments
Donations and payments made online are processed in real time using a secure payment gateway. Donations are processed in Australian dollars. If you do not wish to donate or place your order on the internet you can call, fax or mail us instead.
Information exchanged with Members
Member information made available to WIRES staff, WIRES board, council, species and branch management teams carers through training courses, meetings, phone calls & text, systems, conversations or correspondence is provided confidentially on the basis that it may directly or indirectly assist in the engagement, support and management of WIRES volunteers, and is intended only for that purpose.
Information made available to WIRES members through training courses, meetings, phone calls & text, systems, conversations or correspondence is provided confidentially to our rescuers and carers on the basis that it may directly or indirectly assist in the care of native animals, and is intended only for that purpose.
WIRES websites use Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the WIRES website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can
opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Automatic logging of information online
IP (Internet Protocol) addresses are used to administer our sites and to diagnose problems. An IP address is the address of a computer. We use it to track your session, with the information used for statistical purposes e.g. numbers and frequency of visitors to the website.
When you visit our sites to read pages or download information, the following information is automatically collected - the user's server address, the user's top level domain name (e.g. .com, .gov, .au etc.), the date and time of the visit to the site, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous referring site visited and the type of browser used. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the Internet Service Provider's logs.
Cookies are small text files that a server can store on your hard drive and are used to identify that subsequent requests to a site have come from the same user. The cookies that are used by WIRES do not collect any personal information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used. Refusal may make some parts of our websites inaccessible, unusable, or behave strangely.
For security reasons, we use software programs to monitor network traffic and identify unauthorised attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. It is a criminal offence to interfere with computers or data.
We collect data from our website to see how many visitors we receive, to identify the most popular areas of our site and how people use the site, this usage information helps us to improve the site content and make the site navigation easier. This site visit data is anonymous information, aggregated for analysis, with identifiable characteristics removed. This aggregate data may be disclosed to other organisations or third party providers to help us improve our site and our services.
We also collect data via a Facebook pixel in our website which means:
(a) third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and to target ads, (b) users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting at www.aboutads.info/choices
Security
WIRES has security measures in place to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that paper and electronic records containing personal information are stored appropriately and only accessed by authorised personnel. We will also review our security and data management practices on an ongoing basis.
Linked Websites
WIRES website contains links to other sites. WIRES do not control these sites and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these external web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these other sites. WIRES is not responsible for any practices on any linked websites that might breach your privacy.
Privacy Questions / Additional Information
The contents of this Privacy Policy are subject to change and are not intended to create a contract between WIRES and any individual or organisation interacting with us, who provides us with their personal information. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact WIRES on (02) 8977 3327, email support@wires.org.au
or mail us at:
WIRES
PO Box 7276
Warringah Mall NSW 2100.
How you can help
Start a Campaign
Donate goods
Be a Wildlife Ambassador
Organisations
Workplace giving
Corporate sponsorship
Corporate partnerships
Trusts and Foundations
Major Projects
Landcare Alliance
Wildlife Research
AWC Partnership
Currumbin Partnership
Aussie Ark Conservation
Water for Wildlife
Get In Touch
Update Details
More Info
About WIRES
WIRES Sponsors
WIRES Supporters
Give a Gift to Wildlife Today >
Copyright © WIRES 2020 ABN 30 768 872 928
Ambassadors Login  |  Vet Form
Privacy | Work with Us | FAQ's | Links | Site Map
All gifts to WIRES $2 and over are tax-deductible within Australia. US and UK tax-deductible gifts can be made via Global Giving.
WIRES website is proudly supported by One Orange Cow's - Online Marketing
WIRES’ acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of this land and recognise their connection to native wildlife. We pay respects to their Elders past, present and emerging.