http://www.campquality.org.au/Privacy-policy
How we help
At home
In hospital
At school
Away from it all
Find a program
Child Life Therapy
Family Camp
Puppet Playdates
Puppet Digital Playdates
Book a Puppet Digital Playdate
Family Fun Days
Junior Camp
Kids' Camps
Mini Camp
Middle Camp
Retreats
Kids' Guide to Cancer
Family Experiences
Primary School Cancer Education Program - Parents
Primary School Cancer Education Program - Teachers
Primary School Education Program - Kids
Beads of Courage
New Normal Navigator
KICC Camps
Happiness Hub
Register your family
Login to My Camp Quality
Our top tips for isolation
Ways you can help
Donate today
Enter our Maserati Raffle
Shop
Fundraise for us
Become a volunteer
Become a regular giver
Become a corporate partner
Leave a bequest
Attend an event
About us
Our media
Camp Quality kids' epic Harbour Bridge climb - 9 News
Emily Cooke smiles in the face of brain tumour - Geelong Advertiser
'She had two types of cancer at the same time' - 9Honey
Virtual Camp Launches - 9 News Gippsland
WA Kid's Camp Relaunch - 7 News Perth
Taking a positive step to support Camp Quality - Newcastle Weekly
Jarrod's Chin Up - Herald Sun
Therapist helps two sisters through heartbreaking disease - NBN News
THERAPIST HELPS TWO SISTERS THROUGH HEARTBREAKING DISEASE
Camp Quality Puppet Support - Western Suburbs Weekly
Volunteer Chrissy is the Hero of the week - The Today Show
National Gillard Award Winner Announced - Channel 10
TV Groom Is Pitching In - The Herald Sun
Camping in to help children with cancer - Newcastle Weekly
Wanganeens having a field day sleeping under the stars - The Advertiser
Photographer focused on giving back - The Advertiser
Summer's Combo Camp - 7 Tasmania
Sick kids inspire Geelong Convoy to grand total - Geelong Advertiser
Our news
NSW
ACT
NT
QLD
SA
TAS
VIC
WA
Our stories
Imogen's Story
Kalani's story
Josh's story
Zoe's Story
35 Years Young
Frankie's Story
Scarlet's Story
Nicholas' story
Michael's story | Celebrating 35 Years
Mandie + Colin's story | Celebrating 35 Years
Pat + Pam's story | Celebrating 35 Years
Vera's story | Celebrating 35 Years
Sophie's story
James' story
Karl's story
William's story
Mel + Brooke's story
Ollie + Gabe's story
Addy's story
The Rollinson's story
Jonah's story
Jazmyn's story
Ted's story
Luke's story
Jess' story
Isabelle's story
Jessye's story
Georgia's story
Our stats
Our Ambassadors
Dick Johnson
Casey Donovan
Chris Goulding
Ryan Story
Christian Welch
Emma Alberici
Jarrod Woodgate
Kerry Armstrong
Lee Elliott
Matthew Butcher
Michael Crossland
Vera Entwistle
Our governance
Meet our board
Voting members
Investment strategy
Our social enterprise
Our reports
Work for us
Events
Big Walk for Little Kids
Maserati Car Raffle
Contact
Home >
Privacy Collection Statement
Our Mission
Camp Quality believes kids facing cancer should have the chance to be kids again. Our services and programs are made specifically to help children 0 -13 who are dealing with their own diagnosis, or the diagnosis of someone they love, like a brother, sister, mum or dad.
Camp Quality’s Privacy commitment
Camp Quality respects and is committed to protecting the privacy of the people whose personal information it collects. We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
We may update our Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes required to provide our services.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information means information or an opinion about a specific person who is identified by the information, or whose identity can be easily ascertained from the information. Examples of Personal Information that we may collect include your name, address, tax file number, credit information.
Whose Personal Information do we collect?
Camp Quality collects information from the children and families we assist, medical professionals, donors, fundraisers, participants at our events, volunteers, members and Directors of Camp Quality and prospective employees.
For more specific information, as to the information we collect and how this information is used please refer to the Camp Quality Collection Statement.
Why do we collect Personal information?
Camp Quality collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information:
Administration: to enable us to conduct fundraisers, and administer your participation in these events;
Marketing: to communicate with you about our initiatives, and if you provide your consent, to use your photograph and/or information you provide in an interview to promote our initiatives; and
Compliance: to comply with our legal obligations.
Who do we disclose Personal Information to?
Camp Quality may disclose your personal information to:
Internal support services: such as employees, volunteers, and Board Members of Camp Quality;
Contractors and service providers: who provide services to Camp Quality (including parties that conduct fundraising on our behalf);
Third parties required by law; and
Anyone else you authorise.
Camp Quality will not, without consent, disclose personal information for any purpose (a secondary purpose) other than for the main purpose (primary purpose) of fulfilling Camp Quality's commitments to applicants, except where:
it is required or authorised by law or for purposes of law enforcement and matters directly related to law enforcement or the prevention of unlawful activity;
the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose (or directly related when sensitive information is involved) and there is a reasonable expectation that Camp Quality would use or disclose the information in the circumstances;
Camp Quality reasonably believes it is necessary to prevent any serious and imminent threat to any person's life, health or safety or the public's health or safety. Camp Quality will not otherwise disclose your personal information to any other party without your consent.
What is Sensitive information
Sensitive information includes information which may not identify a specific person but includes important details, such as specific health or medical information, a person’s race, religion, political opinions, affiliations, philosophy, memberships or genetic information.
Whose sensitive information do we collect
We may collect sensitive information from the children and families we assist. We collect sensitive information about you or your child relating to your health or your child's health.
Why do we collect sensitive information?
For more specific information, as to the information we collect and how this information is used please refer to the Camp Quality Collection Statement.
Website usage information and cookies
When you access our website, we may use cookies. Cookies are small data files which ask permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies collect personal information automatically from you including: your IP address and or domain name, your operating system (type of browser and platform) and the date, time and length of your visit to the website. Cookies are used by us to enhance your user experience and deliver content relevant to your behaviour.
No personally identifiable information is obtained. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you other than data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies initially and through the setting s on your browser.
Access to and updating your Personal Information
Camp Quality seeks to ensure that all personal information collected and stored in its files and database systems is correct and accurate. Individuals may at any time request access to, or correction of, the personal information Camp Quality holds by contacting the Privacy Officer in the Head Office on 02 9876 0500 or privacyofficer@campquality.org.au. Camp Quality will endeavour to meet or advise of the outcome of such a request within five business days of receipt.
Data Security
Camp Quality takes reasonable steps to protect the security of the personal information and sensitive information it holds or that it engages service providers to hold on its behalf, from misuse, interference, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
These steps include:
Camp Quality takes reasonable steps to ensure that when the information is no longer needed, it is destroyed or permanently rendered anonymous.
Confidentiality
Camp Quality will only disclose information that we hold about you to the extent required by law, as outlined in the Camp Quality Collection Statement and for the purposes of achieving our Mission.
We will adhere to the Privacy Act 1988, including the National Privacy Act Principles, when we collect, use, disclose, store, provide access to, or otherwise deal with your personal information.
Complaints
For any privacy issues or concerns, including a complaint that Camp Quality has breached the Australian Privacy Principles, contact our Privacy Officer in the Head Office on 02 9876 0500 or privacyofficer@campquality.org.au.
We may request that you make your complaint in writing. Camp Quality will respond to your complaints within a reasonable period (usually 30 days). An unresolved complaint may be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (visit oaic.gov.au for further information).
Administration: to enable you or members of your family to attend our camps or be involved in other programs run by us, to receive financial or domestic support, and to enable us to communicate with you about our services;
Marketing: to communicate with you about our initiatives, and if you or a parent/guardian provides consent, to use photographs and/or information provides in an interview to promote our initiatives;
Support Services: to provide medical assistance to you while participating in our programs; and
Compliance: to comply with our legal obligations.
using PCIDSS (payment card industry data security standards) software and processes; and
restrictions on the employees who have access to personal files.
To Top