http://www.katmailand.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footerLast Modified: 09/04/2019IntroductionKatmailand, Inc. (we or us), who operates the Brooks Lodge, respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (Policy).This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when visiting our website katmailand.com/ (Website), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. This Policy applies to information we collect on this
Website, in email and from other electronic messages between you and us.It does not apply to information collected by: us offline or
through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any
third party, including any of our affiliates and subsidiaries; or any third
party, including any of our affiliates and subsidiaries, including through any
application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on our
Website.Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies
and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.  If you do not agree with our Policy, you can
choose not to use our Website.  By
accessing or using our Website, you agree to this Policy. Children Under The Age Of 16Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age.  No one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or on our Website.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age.  If you are under 16 years of age, do not use or provide any information on this Website or use any of the comment features of this Website.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 years of age without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16 years of age, please email us at info@katmailand.comInformation We Collect About You and How We Collect ItWe collect several types of information from and about users
of our Website, including information:By which you may be personally identified, such as name, phone number and email address; That is about you, but individually does not identify you, such as IP address; and about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.We collect this information directly from you when you
provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through our Website and from
third parties, such as Google Analytics. Information You Provide To UsThe information we collect on or through our Website may
include information you provide by filling in forms on our Website (including
information provided at the time of posting any material on our Website or
requesting further services) and records and copies of your correspondence
(including email addresses) if you contact us.You also may provide information to be published or displayed (Posted) on public areas of our Website (User Contributions).  Your User Contributions are Posted at your own risk, are available to the general public and are subject to our Terms of Use Policy. Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection
TechnologiesAs you navigate through and interact with our Website, we
may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information
about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:Details of your visits to our Website,
including traffic data and other communication data and the resources that you
access and use on the Website.Information about your computer and internet
connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.The information we collect automatically does not include
personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal
information we collect in other ways.The technologies that we use for this automatic data
collection includes cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive
of your computer.  Cookies allow a website
to recognize the computer or user each time the user returns to the
website.  Most browsers not automatically
accept cookies by default, but you may refuse to accept browser cookies by
activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  However, if you select this setting, you may
be unable to access certain parts of our Website.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting
so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct
your browser to our Website.Our Website also uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States.  Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.  You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.  Click here to download and install the add-on for your web browser.How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you
provide to us, including any personal information:To present our Website and its contents to you.To provide you with information or services
that you request from us.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide
it.To carry out our obligations and enforce our
rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.To notify you about changes to our Website or
any services that we offer or provide through it.To allow you to participate in the interactive
features on our Website.In any other way we may describe when you
provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent. We may also use your information to contact you about our
own and our affiliates’ services that may be of interest to you.  If you do not want us to use your information
in this way, please unsubscribe to our mailing list.Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose aggregated information about our users
without restriction.  We may disclose
personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this
Policy:To our parent company, to any of our
subsidiaries and to our sister companies related to the Bristol Adventures
brand.To contractors, service providers and other
third parties we use to support out business and who are bound by contractual
obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the
purposes for which we disclose it to them.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a
merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale
or transfer of some or all of our assets, in which personal information held by
us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide to
it.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you
provide the information.With your consent.We may also disclose your personal information:To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property or safety or that of our customers or others.to info@katmailand.com.Accessing and Correcting Your InformationYou may review and change any personal information you provided to us by sending us an email at info@katmailand.com to request access to, correct or delete.  We may not accommodate a request to change information if believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.If you delete your User Contributions from our Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable on cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users.  Please see our Website’s Terms of Use Policy for more information.Data SecurityAll information you provide to us is stored on our secured
servers.  We urge you to be careful about
giving out information in public areas of our Website.  The information you share may be viewed by
any user of our Website.  Although we do
our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security
of your personal information transmitted to our Website and is at your own
risk. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our Policy on this page.  If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on our Website.  The date this Policy was last revised is identified above.  You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this Policy to check for any changes. Contact UsPlease contact us at info@katmailand.com or 1-800-544-0551.FooterBrooks Lodge 6400 S Airpark Pl, Suite 1 Anchorage, AK 99502
info@katmailand.com
1-800-544-0551Subscribe to Our Bristol Adventures Newsletter to Receive Tips, Stories, and Updates from our family of Alaska Lodges.
We use cookies to ensure you the best possible experience on our website. Your continued use of this site presumes you are ok with this.OkPrivacy Policy