http://www.abateofindiana.org/privacy-policy/
Home
About
What is ABATE
The History
By-laws
Find Your Local ABATE Officers
Meeting Calendar
Board Meeting Minutes
Officer Resources
Important Websites
Region Map
ABATE Frequently Asked Questions
News & Legislation
News
Legislation
Latest State Legislation News
Find Your Legislator
Legislative Resources
State Motorcycle Laws
Education
Motorcycle Rider Course
Motorcycle License Testing
Class Locations and Walk-On Policies
Off-Road Rider Classes
Play For Kate ATV Safety
Programs & Events
Programs
Discover Indiana Riding Trails
Hoosier Motorcyclist Magazine
Hoosier Motorcyclist Advertising
Hoosier Motorcyclist Submissions & Deadlines
Hoosier Motorcyclist Advertisers
Tour Indiana Program
Tour Indiana - How It Works
Tour Indiana - Guidelines
Classified Ads
Legal Services
Motorcycle Insurance
Accidental Death and Dismemberment
Coliseum Bingo
ABATE Membership Drive
ABATE Discount Network
Events
Upcoming Events
About the Boogie
ABATE Day at the Statehouse
ABATE Kids Day at the Statehouse
Event FAQs
Recognized SMROs
Motorcycle Safety and Awareness Month
ABATE Bikers Care
Lawrence County Park
Lawrence County Recreational Park
Indiana Motorcycle Safety Memorial
Membership
Benefits of Membership
Join ABATE of Indiana
Renew your membership
Change of Address
Printable Membership Application
Store
ABATE Store
ABATE Bookstore
Contact Us
Login
Privacy Policy
Information about our Organization and Website
ABATE of Indiana, Inc. is based in Bargersville, Indiana with corportae offices in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Our principal activity
Membership organization
Our privacy policy covers ABATE of Indiana Inc. and its websites
Organization Name: ABATE of Indiana Inc.
Address: PO Box 665 (51 North Baldwin St), Bargersville, Indiana, 46106
Website(s): www.ABATEonline.org, www.ABATEofindiana.org, www.ABATEofindiana.com, www.ABATEproducts.com, www.hoosiermotorcyclist.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web sites home page and browse our sites without disclosing your personal data.
The services and links of our Web sites
Our Web sites do not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. Our Web sites may include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information
We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals. We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while applying for membership. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page, or at those sites on our Web site where we collect personal data.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:
Primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
Identifiers (such as credit card details)
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorised accessImproper use or disclosure
Unauthorised modification
Unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Privacy Compliance
There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organization. There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our web site or organization.
Privacy Support
If you have an inquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Name/Designation: ABATE of Indiana
Address: ABATE of Indiana, PO Box 665, Bargersville, IN 46106
Phone Number: 800-23-ABATE
Email address: abate@abateonline.org
URL: www.abateonline.org
Copyright © ABATE of Indiana, Inc. 2020 ® All Rights Reserved. |
Privacy Policy