http://www.bocabacchanal.com/privacy-policy/
Newsletter Sign-Up:
E-mail address
+96 885 1247
-->
Search:
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.bocahistory.org, www.bocabacchanlia.com  and Boca Raton Historical Society & Museum and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Boca Raton Historical Society & Museum, BRHS&M, includes www.bocabacchanal.com and BRHS&M. By using the BRHS&M website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing tickets, gifts, or services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
BRHS&M does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
BRHS&M may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or to provide patron support. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to BRHS&M, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
BRHS&M may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BRHS&M or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of BRHS&M; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of BRHS&M, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by BRHS&M. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the BRHS&M website.
Security of your Personal Information
The BRHS&M strives to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
External Links
Our site includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under the www.bocahistory.org  domain, and BRHS&M is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is solely at your own risk.
Children Under Thirteen
BRHS&M does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Changes to this Statement
BRHS&M reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
BRHS&M welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that BRHS&M has not adhered to this Statement, please contact BRHS&M at:
Boca Raton Historical Society & Museum
71 North Federal Highway
Boca Raton, Florida
Email Address:
director@bocamuseum.org
Telephone number:
561-395-6766 ext. 106
Effective as of November 28, 2018
We are looking forward to welcoming you to Boca Bacchanal 2021!
Close   X
HomeTicketsEventsBacchus BeckonsBubbles and BurgersVintner DinnersGrand TastingGallery20202019201820172016201520142013VintnersChefsSponsorsBoca Raton Historical Society & MuseumContact UsNewsSponsorshipsHall of FameWho BenefitsPrivacy PolicyNewsletter Sign-UpPainting Demo