http://www.nudist-resorts.org/talk/policy.asp
Nudist-Resorts.Org - Naturist Discussion Forum / Bulletin Board
About Us | Active Topics | Active Polls | Site News | Nudist News | Online Users | Members | Destinations | N. A. I. R. | My Page | Search
[ Active Members: 0 |
Anonymous Members: 0 |
Guests: 86 ]  [
Total: 86
]
[ Newest Member: mcgiverin66 ]
All Forums
Registration Rules and Policies Agreement
Privacy Statement for Nudist-Resorts.Org - Naturist Discussion Forum / Bulletin Board
If you agree to the terms and conditions stated below, press the "Agree" button. Otherwise, press "Cancel".
In order to use these forums, users are required to provide a username, password and e-mail address. Neither the Administrators of these forums, or the Moderators participating, are responsible for the privacy practices of any user. Remember that all information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to share any of your personal information. Any user who finds material posted by another user objectionable is encouraged to contact us via e-mail. We are authorized by you to remove or modify any data submitted by you to these forums for any reason we feel constitutes a violation of our policies, whether stated, implied or not.
This site may contain links to other web sites and files. We have no control over the content and can not ensure it will not be offensive or objectionable.
We will, however, remove links to material that we feel is inappropriate as we become aware of them.
These forums give users two options for changing and modifying information that they provide in their profile:
Users can login with their username and password to
change any information in their profile.
In case of lost password, users can send an e-mail to
admin@nudist-resorts.org.
Cookies must be turned on in your browser to participate as a user in these forums. If you prefer, you can enable cookies
for only this domain. Cookies are used here to hold your username and password and viewing options, allowing you to login.
By pressing the "Agree" button, you agree that you, the user, are 18 years of age or over. You are fully responsible for any information or file supplied by this user. You also agree that you will not post any copyrighted material that is not owned by yourself or the owners of these forums. In your use of these forums, you agree that you will not post any information which is vulgar, harassing, hateful, threatening, invading of others privacy, soliciting of sex or money, or violates any laws.
If you do agree with the rules and policies stated in this agreement, and meet the criteria stated herein, proceed to press the "Agree" button below, otherwise press "Cancel".
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the use of these forums, you can contact the forum administrator at: admin@nudist-resorts.org
If you find you cannot proceed past this page, read the above instructions regarding cookies. Also, Norton Firewall... Privacy Control... Enable Browser Privacy must be UNCHECKED until after the registration process is complete.
Nudist-Resorts.Org Discussion Forum Bulletin Board Nudism Clothing Optional Resort Naturism Nude Beaches
© 2002-2020 SUN
This page was down to skin in 0.02 seconds.
General
Rules and Terms of Service
Membership
in the Nudist-Resorts.Org discussion forum is free, can be
anonymous, and requires only a working email address. All email links
to members are cloaked. You can disable your email link. Nude photos
can be posted, if within our posting rules. No erotica, spam or solicitation
is allowed here. References to sex or genitals in your username or profile
will result in removal from the forum. Information and opinions regarding
anything related to nudism are encouraged, including discussions concerning
the confusion between nudism and eroticism if discussed maturely. All
posts in this forum are moderated. Read our POSTING RULES here
and here.
All information appearing on this website is copyright and intellectual
property of the Society for Understanding Nudism unless otherwise noted.
The views expressed on these forums by participants are not necessarily
representative of the Society for Understanding Nudism. Administrators
reserve the right to delete anything outside the posting rules, or anything
in their opinion not appropriate. To post, you must have cookies enabled
and be at least 18 years of age.
Email the Webmaster
| Legal Information
Copyright © 2002-2015 SUN - Society for Understanding
Nudism
All Rights Reserved
Powered By: Snitz Forums 2000