https://www.aquaticbiologists.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at various points throughout our website where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on Aquatic Biologists, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, submit questions regarding your lake or pond, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Lake or Pond Address, Basic Information Regarding the Lake or Pond, Billing Address, Shipping Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.). On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide when placing an order, submitting a question, or requesting information to complete that order or respond to your inquires. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Information you submit on our website will be used to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services unless you request via email to opt out.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses unless required by law.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access by request all personally identifiable information calling Aquatic Biologists, Inc. directly and speaking with a representative. Aquatic Biologists, Inc. does not store or grant access to personal information online with the exception of our webstore. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact ABI
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call Aquatic Biologists, Inc at 800-442-6648 or send us an email at info@aquaticbiologists.com.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your email address