http://www.lnwrs.org.uk/privacy.php
Home
Contact Us
Can you help us?
Can we help you?
Glossary
Site Map
Search
London and North Western Railway Society
Privacy Statement
You are here: Home  >  Privacy
Registered Charity L&NWR Society No. 1110210
Background
The Society
The LNWR
Membership
Joining the LNWRS
Newsletter
Journal
Features
Staff History
Mystery Photos
Modelling the LNWR
Press Digest
Publications & Sales
Events
Services
Archive
Drawings
Library
Photos
Photos at zenfolio
Study Centre
Bibliography
The Forum
Webb Site
Search
Glossary
Site News
Links
The London and North Western Railway Society (the Society) does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information.
Each time your browser freshly visits this site, we attempt to send to your browser a session cookie - a long number, generated at the time of your fresh visit. When you close your browser your browser will usually delete this cookie. This session cookie allows us to record information relation to this particular visit, in particular if you have logged into the Member’s area or not. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
We collect and save information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, IP address and previous web address with each query. This is automatically gathered by the Webb server and is only used for system administration and to provide statistics to enable the Society to evaluate use of the site. This information does not identify you personally. This
information is only shared within the Society.
When you complete one of our forms the information you enter is sent via email to the Webb Master who forwards your message to the relevant Officer of the society. The Society would not distribute that email outside of the Society without the sender's foreknowledge. Emails will be temporally stored in computers outside of the UK as part of the process of forwarding to Officers.
This privacy policy only covers the Society’s Webb Site. Links within this site to other Webb sites are not covered by this policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
By using our Webb site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy. LNWRS may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
This Privacy Notice was last revised on 17th July 2003.
top of page
© 2001-11 LNWR Society
This page updated: May 25th 2011
Privacy Notice
Technical
Please pass your comments on this Webb site to Webb Master.
Terms of Use