https://www.friendsofbats.com/privacy-policy-for-friendsofbats-com/
HomeService Areas Wellington Florida Bat RemovalPalm Beach Gardens Bat RemovalSarasota Bat Removal Without ExterminationBat Removal experts in Bradenton FloridaBat Removal in Port St. LucieBat removal in Sebastian, FloridaBat Removal in Vero Beach AreaEasy & Safe Bat Removal in NaplesBat Removal in Fort MyersOur Company About BatsCurrent Work PhotosBlogContact Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy for Friendsofbats.comIntroductionFriendsofbats.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you, that you may provide when you visit our Website, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information, as well as how you can control our use of it.This Policy applies to information we collect including, but not limited to:On this Website;Through your communication with our staff;Through blog comments;In e-mail, text, and other electronic messages between you and this WebsiteThis policy does not apply to information collected by:Us offline, including at service appointments; andAny third party, through any application, content, or advertising that may link to or be accessible from or on the WebsitePlease read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By using this Website, you consent to our collection and use of certain information in the manner we describe in the Policy, and you agree to be bound by this Policy. Please refer to this Policy for changes, as developments on the internet frequently evolve, and we would like to keep you up-to-date. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates.Who May/May Not Use This SiteChildren under the age of 18Our Website is not intended or designed to attract children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information, including but not limited to name, email address, physical address, or birth date. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us by one of the methods listed in the “Contact Us” section below.Information we collect:We may collect personally identifiable information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, birth date, IP address, and credit card or bank account number. Additionally, we may collect information that does not personally identify you, including the type of browser you used to access the Website, the time and date you accessed it, and the pages you accessed during your visit.We collect this information in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you:Visit the WebsitePurchase or request certain information about our services;Contact our staff;Provide us with comments or suggestions; orShare our Website contents with others via email or social media using our “share” capabilities.We promise that we do not sell any of your personal information to third parties.Cookies, tracers, log files, and tracking technology:Our Website utilizes “cookies.” A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. It allows us to recognize you when you return to the Website, provide us with information to personalize our Website, in accordance with your preferences, and improve the overall performance of our Website. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. You may also decide not to receive cookies from this Website (see additional information in the “Opt-Out” section below).We may also utilize “tracers,” “web beacons,” and “log files” to determine which pages you visit, which browser you used to access our Website, the date and time you accessed it, the number of clicks, and other related Website statistics on an individual user and aggregate level.Any usage tracking is for internal use only for further development of friendsobats.com.The Company (including its third party service providers) may inactively collect information from you that is not personally identifiable information. This may include, but is not necessarily limited to, your Internet IP address, browser type, domain name, operating system, and referring website. The Company may also collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Website, the areas or pages of the Website that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Website, the number of times you return to the Website, and other click-stream data. This helps us assist you by allowing us to understand how visitors use our Website. This data also becomes part of your unique profile and allows us to make your experience beneficial. We, or a third party designated by us (such as Google Analytics), may also collect information from your activities on the Website, as well as other sites, for the purpose of providing advertisements and other content that is customized to your interests and preferences. To accomplish all this, and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features, we, as do many Websites, use, and allow our third party advertising companies to use, the technologies listed and other similar technologies (i.e.: “Tracking Technologies”).Protection of Your InformationSecurity of your personal information:We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of your personal information in our custody and control. We also are committed to employing commercially reasonable procedures and technology in order to protect the security of our Website.Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk and friendsofbats.com is not responsible.ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE (AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS, TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER, OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS, SUCH AS HACKERS. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS.Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose information that does not identify any individual without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide us with, as follows:To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to share content from the Website with another person, we will transmit the content of that e-mail and your e-mail address to that recipient;For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;With your consent;To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;To comply with any court order, law or legal process or to respond to any government or regulatory request;If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of friendsofbats.com, our customers, or others; andTo a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Friendsofbats.com assetsChoices About The Use and Disclosure of Your InformationInformation disclosure and correction requests:You may request access to the personal information that we have about you.  You may contact us (see “Contact Us” section below) to request access to, correct ,or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.If you are a California resident, you have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, once per calendar year. To make such a request, please contact us using one of the methods listed in the “Contact Us” section below.Opt-Out:You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website.If you do not wish to have your personal information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request.Contact Us:If you have any questions, feel free to contact us:Electronic: dan@friendsofbats.comCall us toll-free at (888) 758-2287
Friends Of Bats is focused exclusively on delivering safe and humane solutions to Florida’s Bat issues. Bat removal and Bat proofing is our business. We are a Family owned and operated business and for over the past decade, have been providing Florida-wide Bat exclusion services. We have well over 2,000 satisfied customers.