http://www.brtcc.ca/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for BRTCC
At http://www.brtcc.ca, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.brtcc.ca and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@brtcc.ca.
Log Files
http://www.brtcc.ca follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, http://www.brtcc.ca uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners include:
Google
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website. For easier access, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.brtcc.ca.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.brtcc.ca, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.brtcc.ca has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
http://www.brtcc.ca’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
http://www.brtcc.ca does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.brtcc.ca. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Recent Posts
What Benefits Can You Get From Travelling?
Why You Should Bathe Your Dog Frequently
Search for:
Recent Comments Archives
May 2017
April 2017
Adventurous KateAK Monthly Recap: May 2017 June 2, 2017This month I returned to my roots — I took a nice juicy solo trip to some countries I hadn’t visited before. Man, that always feels great. I took long walks. I photographed everything in sight. I drank lots of coffees in lots of cool cafes. Absolute bliss. Since settling down in New York last year, […]The First Step To Quitting Your Job to Travel May 30, 2017I remember back when I was one of few travel bloggers making a full-time living online. Those days are long gone. It’s different now. Simply put, it’s become a lot easier and there are a lot more opportunities out there, so many more people are making a full-time living. And that goes way beyond the […]25 Things I Learned the Hard Way While Traveling May 18, 2017One thing is true about travel — we learn a lot of lessons along the way. And many of those lessons are the result of making major mistakes on the road. Not blogging errors. Not life errors. Just good old-fashioned travel errors. I thought it might be nice to share them with you. 25 mistakes […]Things to Do in Stellenbosch: A Guide to South Africa’s Wine Region May 15, 2017South Africa is one of my top five favorite countries — but it’s easily my #1 favorite wine country in the world. The wines here are extraordinary, shockingly affordable, and they have tastes that I don’t experience in any other country. I don’t know what it is about South African wines. I’m more of a red […]Scenes from Košice, Slovakia May 11, 2017Imagine that you have a week in Europe to spare. Where would you go? There are ten European countries you have yet to visit: Belarus, Cyprus, Estonia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Moldova, Poland, Russia, Slovakia, and Ukraine. And your time is bookended by commitments in Cardiff, Wales, and Leipzig, Germany. Turns out that flying out of Cardiff is largely impractical, […]TBEX Zimbabwe: An Unethical and Irresponsible Choice May 8, 2017My dear readers, today’s post is about the travel blogging industry. I think some of you would find it to be an interesting read, but if that’s not your thing, feel free to check out my Best of the Blog page.  On Saturday at the Travel Blog Exchange (TBEX) conference in Huntsville, Alabama, it was announced […]The Art of the Chilled Out Trip to Paris May 5, 2017Paris is a city that I return to again and again. The city feels like home to me — and for that reason, my more recent visits are less about sightseeing and more about chilling out. For me, what I enjoy most is the feeling of being in Paris. You can’t get that anywhere else. […]AK Monthly Recap: April 2017 May 1, 2017It’s so strange that when I look back at this month, one random little memory comes to mind. I was standing in the CVS on Broadway and 93rd St., fresh from a training session at the gym, picking up a bottle of coconut water, wondering whether I should pay my trainer more for analyzing my love life […]How I Joined Skillshare and Learned Cool New Skills on the Cheap April 28, 2017The following branded content post is brought to you by Skillshare, a site that I tried out and like a lot. They’re a great site for learning and offered two free months for AK readers (click to redeem two months of Skillshare Premium here), so I was delighted to share this with you! I love to […]“Do You Have Any Regrets?” April 18, 2017Dear Kate, There will a come a time when you’re just settling into bed on your friend’s blow-up mattress, tipsy from a night of bar-hopping in a foreign city, browsing Facebook on your phone, when your friend’s good-looking roommate will return home from his own night out. “Hey Kate, you still awake?” You could go either way. […] Categories
Bathe Your Dog
Travelling Benefits
Designed by
Elegant Themes