http://www.oldpulteney.com/privacy-policy
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience whilst viewing our website. We have updated our privacy policy to reflect changes in the law on cookies and tracking technologies used on websites.
Accept
Decline
Old Pulteney - Single Malt Scotch Whisky
To visit our website, you must be of an age at which the purchase and
consumption of alcohol is permitted according to the legislation in your
country of residence. If there are no laws on this matter, then you must
be at least 18 years old.
Accept terms & conditions
Alcohol abuse is dangerous to your health.
Drink Responsibly.
Terms and Conditions
Old Pulteney
Menu
search
WhiskiesRise With The TidePulteney DistilleryBook a TourSoundscapeWhisky Blog
Join our mailing list
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Search
close
Buy
Privacy Policy
1.  Introduction
Old Pulteney takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time and shall indicate on the web site when changes have been made.
2.  The Information we collect
Information is collected from you when you enter a competition, or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features on the site. The information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it. In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them.
You can view our cookie policy here.
3 Why we collect it
We collect information about you so that we can personalise your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve the site generally. Depending upon your selections for our data protection questions we may arrange for you to be sent information about our products.
4 Who we disclose it to
4.1 We will only pass on information about you as an individual (as opposed to aggregate information) to third parties to enable us to perform services requested by you or with your prior consent.
4.2 In certain circumstances we may need to disclose information about you if you breach this privacy policy or if you breach the Terms and Conditions. We may also disclose your details if required to do so by law or by any Governmental body.
5 Data Protection
All data captured on this website will be held in accordance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. Further details of the registration are available at www.gov.uk/data-protection/the-data-protection-act.
6 Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us and certain sections of the site may encrypt data using SSL or a comparable standard. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. As a result, whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.
7 Accessing and updating your personal information
We will always let you have a copy of personal information we have about you, should you request it, and you may correct it if you wish.
8 Questions?
If you have any questions or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact distillery@oldpulteney.com.  We will endeavour to respond to you promptly.
Register and stay up to date with our latest releases, upcoming events and exclusive promotions.
Join our mailing list
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
CONTACT US
SITEMAP
Wish You Were Here
DRINK RESPONSIBLY
ACCESSIBILITY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY AND COOKIES
Tour Terms amd Conditions
© 2020 Old Pulteney