http://www.lexus.co.uk/customer-data/cookie-policy/
Skip to main content
What is a cookie?
"Cookies" are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. They allow the website to recognise your device and remember if you've been to the website before.. Cookies are very common web technology - most websites use cookies and have done for years. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as providing information to the owners of websites.. Cookies are used to measure which parts of the website people visit and to customise your experience. Cookies also provide information that helps us monitor and improve the website's performance.. You can read more about the different types of cookies that we use on this website on this page... To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Why do we collect cookies?
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website and also allows us to make improvements to our site. . However, if you want to find out more on how to disable cookies you can do so here: www.aboutcookies.org.. You can read more about the different types of cookies that we use on this website on this page..
See what types of cookies we use
We use a number of different cookies on our website see explanation of the different types below.
A breakdown of the cookies themselves can be found at the bottom of this page. . 1. Strictly Necessary Cookies Cookies that are essential, also known as ‘strictly necessary’ cookies, enable features without which you would not be able to use the website as intended. . 2. Performance Cookies. These Cookies collect information about how visitors use lexus.co.uk for instance which pages visitors go to most often. These Cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. The data collected is
used to improve how the website works.. 3. Functional Cookies. These Cookies enable a website to save information which has already been entered (such as user names, languages choices, and your location), so that it can offer you improved and more personalised functions. Functional cookies are also used to enable features you request such as playing videos. These cookies collect anonymous information and cannot track your movements on other websites.. 4. Targeting and advertising Cookies. These Cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. We also use them
to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of our digital advertising campaigns. They are placed by third party advertising networks on our behalf and with Toyota’s permission. They remember that you have visited on Lexus.co.uk and this is shared with other organisations such as media owners. . Including Facebook who use a unique ID to make sure that any advertising you see from us on Facebook, is relevant and personalised. To prevent this from happening, you will need to review your Facebook adverting preferences in your Facebook profile settings.
How to manage cookies
You can change your cookie settings on Lexus.co.uk at any time, by changing your choices here and clicking confirm. You will also need to delete the cookies in your browser. www.allaboutcookies.org gives full details of how to manage cookies in different types of web browser. More information about cookies can be found at: www.allaboutcookies.org.www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Strictly necessary Cookies that are essential, also known as ‘strictly necessary’ cookies, enable features without which you would not be able to use the website as intended.
Performance These cookies help us to understand how you use our website so that we can improve it and test new ideas.
Functional These cookies help us to personalise your visit, by remembering your preferences and settings, such as pages you have visited and cars you have explored.
Advertising These are used to tailor our off-site advertising and help to make our advertising and content more relevant and personalised to you.
SAVE AND CONTINUE BROWSING
CONTINUE BROWSING
Thanks. Your cookie preferences have been saved.
MORE INFORMATION ON COOKIES
To enhance your online experience, Lexus and our partners use 'cookies', 'web beacons° or other tracking technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Lexus uses cookies or other tracking technologies to understand Service and Internet usage and to improve or customize the products, content, offerings or services on the Lexus websites.
For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at the Lexus Build 8 Buy services (e.g., to recognise you by name when you return to a service or to remember your configured car), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts.
LEXUS SETS ITS COOKIES IN 4 DIFFERENT CATEGORIES
1. Strictly Necessary Cookies
a. We use these cookies to provide you the minimal services on the Lexus Websites
b. We use these cookies to improve the security on the Lexus websites.
c. These cookies are mandatory and cannot be disabled on this website.
d. In general, you can disable cookies at any time in your browser.
2. Performance Cookies
a. Lexus uses performance cookies to improve the service we are providing online using analytics, survey pop-ups and overall performance and availability monitoring.
b. These cookies are optional and can be deselected on the cookie settings dialog box on top of this page.
3. Functional Cookies
a. Lexus uses functional cookies to remember your login credentials the next time you visit our websites.
b. We also use these cookie to enhance your user experience by remembering certain choices you make, e.g. your choice between monthly or cash payments in the Build & Buy section.
c. These cookies are optional and can be deselected on the cookie settings dialog box on top of this page.
4. Targeting/Tracking Cookies
a. To enable the full experience on the Lexus websites, these cookies are used to keep a log of which pages you visited on the Lexus websites or providing you local services like "nearest Lexus retailer". This may lead to targeted ads when visiting websites other than Lexus websites.
b. These cookies are optional and must be explicitly accepted in the cookie banner or in the dialog box on top of this page.
Lexus, our third party service providers or our partners also may use cookies or other tracking technologies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on other websites you are visiting.
By visiting the Lexus websites, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, and agree that you are giving us your consent to track your activities and your use of the services and functionalities through the technologies described above, as well as similar technologies developed in the future.
Third parties may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies when you visit our Lexus websites and they may have access to information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites or applications when you use the Lexus websites. Their use of such tracking technologies is not in our control and is subject to their own privacy policies.
DISABLING COOKIES
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your web browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features on the Lexus websites may be difficult to use or may not function correctly.
Strictly Necessary - Cookie Provider
Cookie name
Purpose
Lexus
express:sess express:sess.sigconnect.sidTmeEPrivacyTmeEPrivacyAcceptedsc.Statuss3_id_fbp_s3_sessc.ASP.NET_SESSIONIDsc.InTg_gcl_au
Used to remember your privacy settings and serve content.
LexusV11UserPreferences
Supports the centre functionality
Amazon web service
AWSELB AWSALB AWSALBCORS
Helps with load balancing.
Incapsula
incap_*nlbi*visid_incap_*
Used to improve website speed and security
Celebrus
tgbc*
Captures users’ cookie consent choice and stores it for auditing purposes.
Dynatrace
dt*rx*
Helps us track broken functionality and keep the website working
Functional - Cookie Provider
Cookie name
Purpose
Bold 360 by LogMeIn
bc.visitor_token, u, 35EBBB4, Spt, bc.visitor_token, nanorep.float.conversational .product_demo.kb904641352
_bcvm_vid_XXXXXX
_bcvm_vrid_XXXXXX
bc_pv_end
bc-visit-id
bc-visitor-id
_bc-curl
_url-cid
_reboot-cid
Used to enable the functionality and collect non-personally identifiable information related to the use of online chat. We can use this information to improve our visitors' user experience.
LinkedIn
lang
lissc
Used to remember a user's language setting and to ensure there is correct SameSite attribute for all linkedIn cookies in that browser, and to recognise language preferences.
Codeweavers
_CWTC
Enables the functionality of the on-site finance calculator
Performance - Cookie Provider
Cookie name
Purpose
Sophus3
TCSessTCID_pk_uid
These cookies help us asses our website performance. They do this by letting us know when peak visiting times are, how many new visitors we have, and how many conversions our website generates. Using this information, we are able to develop our website to be better optimised to meet user requirements
Google
_ga_gid__gat
Google Universal Analytics help us understand how our customers get to our website, the number of people that visit our site, and how they navigate their way around the site once they’re there. We can use this information to improve our visitors’ user experience. Google’s Privacy policy is available here
Contentsquare
_cs_id
This cookie contains ContentSquare’s user identifier
_cs_s
This cookie contains the number of pageviews within the running session for ContentSquare Solution
_cs_vars
This cookie is used by ContentSquare to record custom variables
_cs_ex
This cookies is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection
_cs_c
This cookies is used by ContentSquare to save the user consent to be tracked
_cs_optout
This cookies is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection
Cloudflare
__cfduid
This cookie is used to verify users with a shared IP address and applies security settings to reduce spam attacks.
Cookie
Cloudflare
cf_bm
Added by Cloudflare when traffic is suspected to be spam.
Cookie
Cloudflare
cf_ob_info & cf_use_ob
These may be set to serve cached data to website visitors.
Cookie
Feefo
feefo.snippets-flag.{uuid}
These combined ensure the correct functionality and interactions with the Feefo Owner Reviews
Local storage
Feefo
feefo.translations
These combined ensure the correct functionality and interactions with the Feefo Owner Reviews
Local storage
Feefo
feefo.translationsUpdatedAt
These combined ensure the correct functionality and interactions with the Feefo Owner Reviews
Local storage
Feefo
feefo.{slug}.helpful_uuid
These combined ensure the correct functionality and interactions with the Feefo Owner Reviews
Local storage
Feefo
feefo.{slug}.problem_uuid
These combined ensure the correct functionality and interactions with the Feefo Owner Reviews
Local storage
Feefo
feefotest
These combined ensure the correct functionality and interactions with the Feefo Owner Reviews
Local storage
Feefo
feefoUserId
Used for anonymised tracking.
Local storage
Feefo
helpful_uuid
Used for rating media & feedbacks as helpful.
Cookie
Feefo
problem_uuid
Used for identifying problems with media.
Cookie
Targeting and advertising - Cookie Provider
Cookie name
Purpose
Bizo (LinkedIn)
bizo_cksm_bizo_np_stats_bizo_bzid_bizo_np_stats_bizo_cksm
Uses a unique ID to make sure that any advertising you see from us on Linked in is relevant and personalised.
Twitter
gtct0guest_id_twitter_sess_slpersonalization_id
Used to help personalise and ensure relevancy of advertising on Twitter
Facebook
leo_auth_tokenlidcbcookie__utma__utmv__utmzbscookie__qca visitfrwdsb
Uses a unique ID to make sure that any advertising you see from us on Facebook, is relevant and personalised. To prevent this from happening, you will need to review your Facebook adverting preferences in your Facebook profile settings. For Facebook's Privacy explanation, see here.
Instagram
urlgenmidig_didcsrftoken__utmvrur
Uses a unique ID to make sure that any advertising you see from us on Instagram, is relevant and personalised. To prevent this from happening, you will need to review your Instagram adverting preferences in your Facebook profile settings. For Instagram's Privacy explanation, see here.
YieldLab
id
Used for serving relevant and personalised advertising to you after you have visited our site.
Google
APISIDSSIDSAPISIDHSIDNIDPREF SIDu2
Used for serving relevant and personalised advertising to you after you have visited our site.
[m]]PLATFORM (mookie1.com)
idmdata
Used for serving relevant advertising to you after you have visited our site, and providing reporting on the effectiveness of the advertising, using demographic information, geography, and visitor actions on the Lexussite.
AppNexus
anjsessuuid2
Used for serving relevant and personalised advertising to you after you have visited our site.
Sizmek (Serving-sys.com)
A6Um2ActivityInfo2C6D3OT2U2eyeblaster
Used for serving relevant advertising to you after you have visited our site.
DoubleClick by Google
id
Used for serving relevant advertising to you after you have visited our site.
Rubicon Project
Put_RpbRpxKhaosC6
Used for serving relevant and personalised advertising to you after you have visited our site.
Force24
Force 24
We use cookies in our emails to gain a greater insight into your online behaviour when visiting the website. They will not capture any information you may input on a form; they just tell us which pages you are browsing.
YouTube
PREF VISITOR_INFO1_LIVEYSCGPS
Uses a unique ID to make sure that any advertising you see from us on YouTube is relevant and personalised.
Instagram
ig_nrcb
Uses a unique ID to make sure that any advertising you see on instagram is relevant and personalised.
QUICK ACTIONS
CONFIGURE YOUR CAR
FIND A CENTRE
BOOK A TEST DRIVE
CONTACT
US
FEEDBACK & HELP
CLOSE
CLOSE