http://www.keele.ac.uk/discover/campuslife/sportatkeele/gymmembershipandfitnessclasses/bookclassesandactivities/privacypolicy/
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Privacy policy
This privacy policy explains how Keele University as the data controller use any information we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and process your data, how long we keep your data and who it is shared with.
Summary of our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us so we only use the information you provide about yourself to help us to manage and improve our service to you. This will include managing your booking and associated payments. Personal data provided through application or enquiry process is used to respond to your requests. We will only collect the data that is necessary to process your membership, enquiry or booking with us.
If you provide us with any written or verbal feedback or testimonials, we will not publish those without your prior written consent.
How we use your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. Including managing the bookings and visits and the payments related to these.
To allow you to access secure areas of our Website (such as ‘On line bookings’) when you choose to do so.
We may ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
If we use any sensitive personal data we will do so only with your consent or in order to protect your vital interests.
Sharing personal data
We will never disclose your data to third parties unless we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Keele University, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We do not share any of your data with other 3rd parties without your consent.
The information we collect will be shared with the Keele Sports Team to enable us to analyse trends for participation in sports and physical activities and inform our planning for delivery and enhancement of our sporting offer.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put into place suitable, physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password or passcode which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password or code confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of data that you transmit to our site; any transmission is therefore at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict internal procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.  We also keep your information confidential.
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to the capture, storage and use of personal information, please contact 01782 733368 or email sport@keele.ac.uk
Data retention
Data will be retained for 6 years after membership expiry date in order to supply legal information.
For any confirmed block booking applications these will be kept 6 years. Any declined requests will be destroyed once you have been notified that the booking isn't available.
Your rights
You have a number of rights with regards to how we process your information including access, correction, erasure and restriction.
Full details of these rights and how to exercise them can be found at https://www.keele.ac.uk/informationgovernance/yourdata-yourrights/
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to oversee compliance with this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact the DPO. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
DPO contact details : dpo@keele.ac.ukICO contact details : www.ico.org.uk
Keep an eye out on our social media channels for online classes, fitness programmes and top tips to stay active from home.