https://www.cmsaevents.com/legal/#panel-privacy
cowboy mounted shooting association
Raw Horse Power - Hard Ridin' - Straight Shootin'
JoinNow
Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Match Fees Policy
Refund Policy
Lost, Stolen or Forgot Cards
Horse Track System Policy
Terms of Use
Welcome to CMSAEVENTS.com CMSA Events Online Registration community (the "Site"). Any person who wants to access the Site (called "Users") to enter a CMSA event or to use the other services we provide (collectively, the "Services") must accept the terms and conditions of this Participation Agreement without change. BY REGISTERING FOR AND USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL POLICIES AND GUIDELINES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
All images and content on this website are property of CMSAEVENTS.com and may not be reproduced without the expressed written permission of an Authorized Agent. All prices and specifications are subject to change without notice. Product depictions, illustration, or pictures are for visualization purposes only. All information contained in this site is believed to be accurate to the best of our ability. However, in the event of an error whether related to product information, pricing, or illustrations of any kind was to occur CMSAEVENTS.com is not responsible. All users will be notified of any errors before your registration is processed. CMSAEVENTS.com, (hereinafter "CMSAEVENTS.com") reserves the right to change any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement or any policies or guidelines governing the Site or Services, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes will be effective upon posting of the revisions on the Site. All notice of changes to this Agreement will be posted on the Site for thirty (30) days. You are responsible for reviewing the notice and any applicable changes. Changes to referenced policies and guidelines may be posted without notice to you. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS SITE AND THE SERVICES FOLLOWING CMSAEVENTS.COM'S POSTING OF ANY CHANGES WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CONTINUE TO USE THE SERVICES OR THIS SITE.
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Googles use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience - your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To improve our website - we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service - your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions - your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails - The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes - Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at /terms/.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Cowboy Mounted Shooting Association512 E. 2nd St.Roswell, NM 88201 USA
Match Fees Policy
All fees as a result of a match, including point fees, membership fees, and event supplies, are due and payable within 7 days of the event date.
Refund Policy
The event registrant may cancel and be issued a credit less applicable processing fees. Cancellations will be subject to a 5% fee - $10 minimum charge.
Please contact our Customer Service department prior to any cancellations or with any questions.
Refunds and/or credits will only be issued for any event related fees if a claim is made at the show office before the completion of the event for which the fees have been collected.
No refund or credit will be issued after the completion of the event.
Lost, Stolen or Forgot Cards
In the event of a member losing their CMSA competition card, failing to register family members or their card was stolen there will be a $15.00 card replacement fee for each card. All family members must be completed at the time of original renewal in order not to be assessed with the card replacement fee.
Horse Track System Policy
Horse Tracking System card enables you to start entering your horse’s information at all events using the CMSA Automation System. This system is honor based; if you do not complete a match on your CMSA tracked horse it is your responsibility to inform the match director.
If you begin a match on a horse you must finish, if you change horses due to injury or other reason, it is your responsibility to notify the scorekeepers.
Anyone caught found to be keeping incorrect records will be fined $50 and the horse information previously recorded will be deleted. To transfer a Horse Tracking from owner to owner will be charged a $35.00 transfer fee. Any card that needs to be replaced for any reason will be charged the $15.00 card replacement fee.