http://www.lawyerment.com.my/info/privacy/
Home
Reference Library
Knowledge Base
Articles
Legislation
Answers
News
Lawyer Directory
Software Download
Law Dictionary
Web Guide
Business
Consumer
Legal Professionals
Government
Students
Others Channels
Legal Humour
Fun Facts
Home » Information Centre » Privacy Policy
LAWYERMENT PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: June 4, 2018
Lawyerment is committed to safeguarding your privacy.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy practices as it describes what information we collect, how we use that information and what options we offer you to control your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to websites, services or technologies, owned and operated by Lawyerment and does not address the practices of third parties.
This privacy policy has been updated to comply with the Malaysian Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) and the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In the event of conflict between the English and other language versions of this Privacy Policy, the English version of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON YOU
This section details the ways in which we collect information from you and how that information is received.
You can use many Lawyerment services without creating an account or provide us with personal information, like reading or viewing content provided by Lawyerment.
Information you provide to us
Account Information: When you create an account with Lawyerment to use our sites or services, you provide us with personal information that may include your name, address, email address, year of birth, and password.
Contact Information: Generally includes your name, designation, business name, address, email address, phone number, fax number and/or other similar contact information.
Payment Information: For services requiring payment, we collect billing name, phone number, email address and transaction details associated with your payment instrument. We do not store your credit card information. If you elect to pay by credit card or PayPal, we engage PayPal to securely process your payment where your card details are vaulted through their payment gateway. If you elect to pay by bank transfer, we retain your bank details.
Service Information: Generally includes email subscriptions, areas of interest, preferences, favorites, and votes.
Location Information: When you use our services, we collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address assigned to your device, for compliance and security, and administering our sites and services.
Public Information: Generally includes your display name, profile content, profile picture or photograph, biographical, articles, question and answer content and other content that are visible publicly. Please be aware that when using Lawyerment Answers, you cannot revoke permission for us to publish the question and answer content once it is made public since such content you contribute is public, in perpetuity and displayed indefinitely by design. If you post personal information about yourself on Lawyerment Answers, you do so at your own risk, including the risk of abandoning any privacy rights you had in such information.
Other Information: Generally includes information and files you provide, input, post or upload when using our sites or services which may include photographs, images, attachments, text, messages, and/or comments.
In each of the above instances, you will know what personal information we collect through our sites and services because you voluntarily and directly provide it to us.
Information from cookies and other technologies
We or our third party service providers may collect and store certain technical information when you visit our sites or use our services. For example:
Cookies: We use commonly-used technologies, like cookies and pixels, to authenticate you when you log in to your account and/or to process information that helps us secure our sites and services, as well as detect fraud and abuse. For more information about our use of cookies, please read our Cookie Policy.
Server Logs: Like other sites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit our sites. This information includes IP address of the device you are using to access the Internet, the type of device you are using, the type and version of your browser, your browser's language preference, the type and version of your device's operating system, the referring website, which pages you request and visit, and the date and time of each request you make to our sites or services.
Analytics and Advertising: We use third party services, including Google, which may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, to display advertising and analyse data about your visits to our sites or services. For more information about how Google uses your data on our sites and how to opt out of data collection, please see https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
By using our sites or services, you consent to the placement of cookies, pixels and/or beacons in your browser and HTML-based emails in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Cookie Policy.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM YOU
We use your information we collect from our sites and services for legitimate purposes, including:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content and services;
Provide personalised services and features, including content and ads;
Meet contractual and legal obligations;
Provide customer support services;
Help secure and troubleshoot our services;
Protect the security of our systems and our customers;
Communicate with you about our sites and services;
Analyse and measure our performance;
Provide you with relevant information regarding our services;
Process payments and carry out your transactions with us;
Deliver promotional communications;
Detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property;
Comply with applicable law.
We do not analyse your private messages and contact messages to target ads to you.
HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM YOU
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations, or individuals outside of Lawyerment except in the following cases:
With Your Consent:
We'll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information.
To Our Service Providers
As hard as we may try, we can't do it all. So sometimes we use third-party service providers who help run or improve our sites and services for you. We may disclose personal information to these providers as needed to perform their services for us or to use their services, in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, when you provide payment information to make a purchase, we will share payment information with banks and other entities that process payment transactions.
For Legal Reasons:
We will share personal information outside of Lawyerment if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Lawyerment, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
You Made It Public:
Any information you expressly posted publicly on our sites or services is just that, public. For example, if you post your mailing address or email address on Lawyerment Answers page, that is public, and not protected by this Privacy Policy. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information on your public profile, question and answer content or elsewhere.
We may share non-personal information with trusted service providers such as Google. For example, we share information with Google Analytics for general research and analytics reporting about the use of our sites and services. We also allow specific service providers to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Lawyerment is involved in a merger, acquisition, consolidation, or sale of assets, we will continue to keep your personal information confidential, except as provided in this Privacy Policy, and provide notice to you before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
YOUR CHOICE AND CONTROL OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON YOU
You may have the rights to request access to, restrict the use of, deletion of, and updates to your personal information under applicable laws, including Malaysian Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA) and the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location.
Lawyerment Account
When you sign up for a particular Lawyerment service that requires registration, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collection, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
You can decline to submit personal information to any of Lawyerment services, in which case Lawyerment may not be able to provide those services to you.
When you are signed in, you can review and update information by visiting the services you use. My Lawyerment allows you to manage information associated with specific services.
Some of our services provide additional controls and privacy practices where certain information we collect is optional and your choice entirely to provide us or not. You may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be publicly displayed, such as your profile photo, or profile content.
And of course, you may also request the deletion of your account, in some case your IP address will be retained for security purposes, site maintenance, and spam protection.
When you are signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device.
If you cannot access and control certain personal information collected by Lawyerment via the tools above or directly through our sites and services, you can always contact us by using our web form. We will respond to requests to control your personal information within 30 days. Please also be aware that we may need to first verify your identity. If we are unable to do so, we reserve the right to refuse such a request in keeping with data privacy and information security principles.
Your Communications Preferences
You may additionally control the receipt of promotional communications from us. If you receive promotional emails from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email by signing in with your My Lawyerment account, and editing your My Account settings where you can opt in or opt out of email subscriptions. This choice does not apply to mandatory service communications that are related to our our services, or legal obligations.
Browser or Device-Based Controls
There are other ways to control the information we collect whether or not you are signed in to a Lawyerment account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Lawyerment has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookie to function properly, like maintaining your session when you log in.
Device settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit your data such as password, over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption.
Unfortunately, there is no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we cannot guarantee that our security will not be breached by technical measures or through violation of our policies or procedures.
You have the responsibility to safeguard the password you use to access our sites and services and to promptly advise us if you ever suspect that your password has been compromised. We will never ask you for your password by email.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
We keep your personal information as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, preventing fraud and abuse, and enforcing our Terms of Service or any other agreements between you and us.
In some cases, even if your account is deleted, we retain data for limited periods at back-end when it needs to be kept for legitimate business (such as to protect information from accidental or malicious deletion), required by mandatory data retention laws, or legal purposes.
Non-personal information may be retained indefinitely.
CHILDREN PRIVACY
Our sites and services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under the age of 18.
DATA TRANSFERS
We are headquartered in Malaysia. Our servers and data centers are located in the United States. If you decide to use our sites or services, whether from inside or outside of the United States, you understand that your personal information will be collected, transferred, stored, processed, disclosed and otherwise used in the United States as described in this Privacy Policy. You also understand that your information may be transferred by us from the United States to other countries, which may have different data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We update this Privacy Policy when necessary from time to time to ensure it accurately reflects our practices and the law. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of this Privacy Policy to learn how Lawyerment is protecting your information. Your continued use of our sites or services after this Privacy Policy becomes effective constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or the information collected under this Privacy Policy, please contact us through our web form. We will respond to questions or concerns within 30 days. Please be sure to identify the specific web page or service about which you have a question or concern.
ABOUT OUR COMPANY
Overview
Advertising
Contact Us
Help
OUR FINE PRINT
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Service
Copyright © 1999-2020 Lawyerment.com. All rights reserved
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Disclaimer | About Us | Help