https://www.rc-airplane-world.com/privacy-policy.html
Planes
Beginner planes
Electric planes
IC (Glow Plug) planes
RTF planes
ARF planes
Micro planes
Foamies
Warbirds
Floatplanes
Other Aircraft
Helicopters
Jets
Gliders
Powered Gliders
Autogyros
Drones
Blimps
Type overview
Training
Beginner's Guide
Best trainers
RC Flight Sims
Ground school
Flight school
Training Methods
RC Plane Controls
RC Club Directory
Basic Aerobatics
RC Flying FAQ
Glossary
Ebooks
Plane Guide
Heli Guide
Combo deal
Heli Ebooks
Other Stuff
RC registration
Magazines
FPV
Free Flying Games
Crash Page
Indoor Flying
How Planes Fly
RC Gear Info
Site Help
About Me
Contact Me
Home
Site Map
Privacy/Cookie Info
Testimonials
Site FAQ
Site search
Privacy Policy forwww.rc-airplane-world.com
At RC Airplane World.com I am dedicated to protecting your data and privacy.
I recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information I receive and collect when you use RC Airplane World.com, as well as some of the steps I take to safeguard information. This will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with me.
RC Airplane World.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all its operations. Likewise, I am dedicated to protecting my customers' and online visitors' privacy on my website.
About My Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that RC Airplane World.com stores on your computer, which your browser provides to RC Airplane World.com each time you return to the site. I use cookies to help identify and track visitors, their use of my website, and their website access preferences.
Google Analytics Cookies
RC Airplane World.com uses Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics collects demographic and interest data, and generates statistical and other information about website use, by means of cookies. These cookies are kept on your computer. I share this information with Google, which will store and use this information on its servers. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
RC Airplane World.com uses information from Google Analytics to track the number of visits to the website, browsers and operating systems. No personally identifiable information is obtained from these cookies. I use the information that Google Analytics generates relating to my website to create reports about the use of the site. These reports allow me to update the site and improve your usage of it.
If you do not wish your data to be collected via Google Analytics, you can install its opt-out browser extension or add-on via this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Advertising Cookies
I use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on my website. These companies use cookies and web beacons in their ads to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. This information is shared with these companies, but does not provide them with any personally identifiable information for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information from my website.
You may opt out of personalized ads for over 125 different ad networks here.
Some third-party advertisements are served by Google. Google's cookie enables it to serve ads to my visitors based on their visits to other sites on the Web. You may opt out of personalized ads by visiting the Google ad opt-out page.
This link from Google provides more information about how Google manages data in its ad products.
Display Ads
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies. Mediavine may collect IP addresses and location to serve personalized ads.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers'; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent - You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.
Centro, Inc. - You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc. - You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant. LLC - You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
Affiliate Products and Services
I receive an affiliate commission for some of the products sold on RC Airplane World.com.
The affiliate services platforms I use are Amazon, eJunkie and eBay.
By clicking on a product or service link, you consent to that platform's use of cookies, as outlined in the links below
Amazon Privacy Policy.
eBay Privacy Policy.
eJunkie Privacy Policy.
Refusing Cookies
You can set your browser to accept or refuse all cookies automatically, or notify you when a cookie is being requested. Taking this action should not cause a problem with the continued use of my site.
Consult the Help section of your browser for guidance on how to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is requested.
If you choose to refuse RC Airplane World.com's cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
Personally Identifiable Information
RC Airplane World.com may collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate my site.
To display content on the site correctly.
To improve customer service.
To help me respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize your user experience.
To understand how my users as a group use the services and resources provided on my site.
To improve my site.
To improve my products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature.
To send information to you that you agreed to receive about topics I think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails, which may include electronic newsletters and/or autoresponder series of emails.
To respond to your enquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
RC Airplane World.com may collect personally identifiable information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit my site, register on the site, or fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources I make available on my site.
If you complete a form, I will require your name and your email address, and will ask for information relevant to the purpose of the form.
You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information and visit my site anonymously. However, it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
If I make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information, I will inform you by placing a notice on my site. I will use personal information received from you for internal purposes only and will not sell it or provide it to third parties.
I also collect each visitor's IP address, which helps to combat spam and fraud. I do not use IP addresses for any other purpose.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
I may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with my site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your method of connecting to my site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider you used, and other similar information.
Children's Privacy Protection
This website is directed to adults. It is not directed to children under the age of 16. I operate my site in compliance with current regulations. Anyone under the age of 16 must provide parental consent to use this site. I do not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from anyone under 16 years of age.
Release of Information
If I sell RC Airplane World.com, the information I have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in my site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale so that the service provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through my website of that change in control and practices, and I will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make.
Data Storage & Reviewing/Modifying Your Data
Personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information collected by this site
is stored on my host's servers. That host is SiteSell Inc., located at 1000 Saint-Jean Boulevard, Suite 702, Pointe-Claire, QC H9R 5P1 Canada.
If you wish to review your information stored on the SiteSell servers for RC Airplane World.com, you can do so here. You can also request a change or deletion of your information from the servers by filling out the short form here.
Updates and Effective Date
RC Airplane World.com reserves the right to make changes to this policy. If there is a material change in my cookie and privacy practices, I will indicate on my site that those practices have changed and provide a link to the updated privacy policy. I encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information I collect and how it is used.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to RC Airplane World.com's privacy policy as posted here on this website, please do not consent to the setting of cookies and the collection and storage of your personally identifiable information.
Your explicit consent indicates acceptance of this privacy policy in its entirety.
Last updated: 30th May 2020.
Related Pages
RC Airplane World Affiliate Disclosure.
New to the hobby?
Get my downloadableRC Beginner's Guide.Updated for 2020!
RC Airplane World Info
Welcome to my website, RC Airplane World.
This is a content-based site, here to introduce you to the thrills and spills of radio control flying. An exhilarating, addictive and highly rewarding hobby indeed, and one that I can highly recommend you try!
So please enjoy your visit, and I wish you many future happy landings! Pete.
SITE SEARCH: