https://www.naxja.org/html/naxjaprivacy.htm
Last Updated 12/5/2003
Why A Privacy Policy?
NAXJA respects your individual privacy. This Privacy Policy embodies our commitment to the protection of your
privacy through adherence to fair electronic information practices. This Policy puts you, the Member, in control
of how your personal information is processed. You have our promise that we will not electronically process your
personal information in any way that is incompatible with this Policy.
This Privacy Policy protects your privacy by:
Informing you about:
The types of personal information NAXJA collects about you through the Membership Application process;
How that information is collected;
The purposes for which the information is collected;
The types of organizations to which the information is disclosed;
The scope of what information is disclosed and for what purpose; and
The choices and means by which members may limit its use and disclosure.
Empowering you to choose:
Whether and how certain personal information you provide is used (where such use is unrelated to the uses for
which you originally disclosed it); and
Whether and the manner in which a third party uses certain personal information you provide (where such use is
unrelated to the uses for which you originally disclosed it).
Assuring you that NAXJA:
Takes reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration or destruction;
Implements reasonable policies and procedures to ensure that personal information is kept only for the purposes
for which it has been gathered;
Uses reasonable measures to ensure that we have accurately and completely recorded the personal information you
have provided;
Provides you reasonable access to your personal information as well as procedures for correcting or modifying that
information where appropriate; and
Ensuring the ability for members to report and hold accountable NAXJA for alleged misuse of that information.
Getting to Know Our Members
NAXJA is in the business of putting XJ / MJ enthusiasts in touch with one another. This website, and its content, serves
as the primary means of accomplishing this goal, though other means of doing so are by:
Providing a regular event schedule for face-to-face meetings;
Informing XJ / MJ enthusiasts of current news, events and products of their interests, and;
Supporting organizations catering to the interests of our members.
All of this requires more than simply offering a website and standard XJ related content. It requires
that we understand you, our Member, and your wants and needs.    NAXJA gets to know you primarily
through the information you provide to us when signing up for a membership. The information you provide is nothing more
than basic contact information along with your birth date to ensure that you are of an age legal to join our club. The reason
we ask your birth date is because persons under the age of 18 cannot enter legal contracts without parental consent thus NAXJA
does not permit persons under this age to join. When you join NAXJA, you agree to provide and maintain accurate, complete and
updated information.    Once you have joined NAXJA we will not contact you without request with the
following exceptions:
Your NAXJA Membership is either approaching, or past expiration (In this case we will only contact you once);
Membership wide NAXJA Newsletter mailings.
In any other case of club announcements regarding Membership benefits, club activities, and/or changes
to membership qualifications, costs or durations the NAXJA Membership Information forum will be used for public dissemination.
How your information is handled by NAXJA
The information we receive from your application is stored on systems designed to prevent the loss,
misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of that information. We also encrypt your transmission of
sensitive information to us (e.g., home address, telephone number, email address) in the interest of heightened privacy
protection and information integrity. The signed paper copies of membership applications are stored in a locked filing system
controlled by the Membership Director.
Information Corrections or Changes
You have the ability to correct or change certain information in our records, such as your address
and contact information. The process for changing your information begins at the member roster. You may change this
information at any time and as often as necessary. If you need assistance or have questions about correcting information,
you can contact the NAXJA Membership Director via e-mail at membership@naxja.org.
How We Put Information to Good Use
We use information about you for purposes of tracking:
Member localities;
New Member Application Rates;
Existing Member Renewal Rates;
Member Tenures; and
NAXJA Club Officer Eligibility.
With Whom We May Share Information and What We Share
The UFWDA
NAXJA uses club funds as a Not-For-Profit organization to support other organizations that cater and
or support the interests of our members. Such organizations include those working for land use rights. NAXJA is a large
supporter of the United Four Wheel Drive Association (UFWDA) and as such we provide
class=GramE>all of our club Members
membership in UFWDA. By joining NAXJA a portion of your membership costs are applied directly to your membership in UFWDA.
On a bi-annual basis NAXJA is required to provide UFWDA an updated roster of members so that they may
be joined to UFWDA. In this process your information will be provided to UFWDA. The information we provide to UFWDA includes
the following:
First Name
Last Name
Street Address
City
State
Zip Code
Country
Email address
As a joining or existing member of NAXJA there is no option to decline this membership at this time.
NAXJA Sponsor and Non-Sponsoring Vendors Providing Discounts
NAXJA is supported financially by several vendors who provide services and products of a nature
targeted to our members. Many of our sponsoring members provide discounts to club members when purchasing these services
and or products. Occasionally Non-Sponsoring vendors offer discounts for members of 4x4 clubs on their products and services
as either a time period or permanent offer.
Why this is important is that some vendors require the club to provide them a member list to validate
membership in NAXJA for elegibility of the discount.
NAXJA provides these sponsors with a roster list which includes ONLY the following information:
NAXJA Membership Number
First Name
Last Name
State of Residence
NAXJA Membership Expiration
The NAXJA Membership Roster
NAXJA provides to the membership an online roster of members. The reason for providing this roster is
so that members may find and others in their region and for current members to view and or edit their personal information.
The NAXJA roster is designed to only provide the following items for display to all members:
NAXJA Membership Number
First Name
Last Name
City
State of Residence
Nickname
Join Date
Expiration Date
All other personal information will only be available from the roster to you, the member. The roster
will provide you with the means to update and or alter your and ONLY your personal information.
The NAXJA Board of Directors (BoD)
The sole person with access to the personal information provided in your membership application is
the NAXJA Membership Director. At no time will the membership director provide your personal information to the NAXJA Board
of Directors with the following exceptions:
In the event of nomination of a member for election the Membership Director will provide the BoD with eligibility information.
In the event a member is suspected of either breaking NAXJA bylaws or providing NAXJA with invalid information.
State and or Federal Authorities
In the event that a State or Federal Authority provides NAXJA with a warrant for collection of personal
information regarding a NAXJA member, NAXJA will comply and provide the desired information to the validated authority.
About Message Boards
Please be aware that disclosing personally identifiable information online through Message Boards makes the information that is
submitted public information. Such disclosure may increase your chance of receiving 'spam' or unsolicited e-mail. NAXJA strongly
cautions you to be extra careful and use your discretion when disclosing information online.
NAXJA is not responsible for personally identifiable information posted in the Message Boards.
Our Accountability to You
By joining NAXJA, you obtain the protections of, and consent to the data processing practices described
in, this Privacy Policy. By joining NAXJA, you also represent to us that you have provided notice of and agree to abide by this
policy.
NAXJA sponsors, supported organizations and the NAXJA BoD, that have a legitimate business purpose for
accessing and handling personal information obtained by us and are given authorization to do so. The unauthorized access or use
of such information by a NAXJA sponsor, supported organization or BoD member is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary
action.
Additionally, our information management systems are configured in such a way as to block or inhibit
employees from accessing information that they have no authority to access.
If you feel that NAXJA, or any of our sponsors, supported organizations or BoD members is violating
this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@naxja.org, or by postal mail at:
NAXJA: Privacy
PO Box 3602
Pinehurst, NC 28374
Notification of Changes
Changes to this Privacy Policy can be made without notice. You are responsible for periodically checking
our web site for changes to this Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of your NAXJA membership at the time of a change within 30 days
of that change for a partial or full refund of your dues by sending an e-mail to
privacy@naxja.org.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact
privacy@naxja.org.
North American XJ Association2003