http://www.cryingwhileeating.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Crying While Eating collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.cryingwhileeating.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Crying While Eating.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Crying While Eating may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
Crying While Eating has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact our account manager at: Crying While Eating
This document was last updated on August 1, 2018
Search for:
Recent Posts
Is the Paleo Food Good for Me?
The Advantages and Disadvantages of Leasing a Car
6 Ways to Stay Healthy Whilst Remote Working
3 Tips to Improved Health
What You Need To Know About Premium Coworking Spaces Across The UK
Categories
Beauty
Business
DIY
Entertainment
Experiences
Fashion
Finance
Food
Health
Home
Investments
Sports
Style
Tech
Travel
Trends
Wellness
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
February 2020
January 2020
September 2019
August 2019
July 2019
April 2019
March 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018