https://www.redoak.com.au/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutAwardsBeerFoodGroup EventsGift CertificatesBeer ClassContact UsBOOK NOW
Privacy Policy
Redoak Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information that we collect through this website www.redoak.com.au or directly from you. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Please contact us if you have any questions.
You providing us with personal information indicates that you have had sufficient opportunity to access this Privacy Policy and that you have read and accepted it. If you do not wish to provide personal infomration to us, then you do not have to do so, however, it may affect your use of this Site or any products and services offered on it.
Redoak is committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience. Redoak is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Crh), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to future Redoak customer support features you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include but not limited to a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally engage other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Redoak takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Redoak reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the Site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Redoak reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Changing Your Personal Information
If you believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us info@redoak.com.au. We rely on part upon customers advising us when their personal information changes. We will respond to any request within a reasonable time. We will endeavour to promptly correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.
Complaints about breach
If you believe that we have breached the Australian Privacy Principles and wish to make a complaint about that breach, please contact us on info@redoak.com.au
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe from our email database, or opt of our communications, please contact us at the details below.
Storage and Security
We are committed to ensuring that the information you provide is secure.
For any questions or notice, please contact us
Please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Call: 02 9262 3303
Post: Attn: Privacy Policy Redoak Pty Ltd
201 Clarence StreetSydney
NSW 2000 AUSTRALIA
E-mail: info@redoak.com.au
Last updated 6 September 2016
Bookings
Book Now
(phone) 02 9262 3303
info@redoak.com.au
Google Maps
Venue
201 Clarence Street
Sydney, NSW,
Australia, 2000
OPEN (during Covid19 times)
Tuesday to Saturday
Lunch and Dinner
12pm till late
CLOSED
Sunday -Monday & Public Holidays
Closed
Follow us
Facebook
Instagram
Tripadvisor
Subscribe
HomeAboutAwardsBeerFoodGroup EventsGift CertificatesBeer ClassContact UsBOOK NOW