https://www.midlandhamsterclub.co.uk/about-the-mhc/privacy-policy/
What information we collect and how we use it?
To join the Midland Hamster Club we collect details about you such as your name, address and email address. These are collected to provide you with the benefits of your membership such as your monthly journal.
Who holds this information?
Your information is stored safely by our club secretary who does not share this information with any third parties.
I am a breeder, will you still be able to give my details to those interested in rehoming hamsters?
If you wish for the details of your hamstery to be given to interested parties, you will need to opt in on your membership form or contact the club secrety in writing or via email to let her know that you are happy to be contacted with rehoming enquiries.
Breeders may opt in to being featured on the ‘MHC Breeders’ page on the website by contacting the PRO.
Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies for the purpose of analysing site visitors to make sure that we are tailoring our content appropriately.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to ‘remember’ you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a ’session cookie’) or for multiple repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing registered users to remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting, or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website.
Can I restrict what cookies are being set?
Visitors may wish to restrict the use of cookies, or completely prevent them from being set. Most browsers provide for ways to control cookie behaviour such as the length of time they are stored – either through built-in functionality or by utilizing third party plugins. Please check your browser’s settings to change your preferences.
Next Show All shows are currently cancelled until further notice.
Previous Show Our previous show was held on 30th November  2019 in Coventry.
Find Us on Facebook
Find Us on Facebook
Copyright © Midland Hamster Club.
Home | Contact Us | Privacy