http://www.islandsailing.gr/privacy_note.asp
Privacy note
YOU ARE HERE
HOME - Privacy Note
Declaration on data protection
At Islandsailing GR we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This statement explains when and why we collect personal information about people, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
In general, you can visit and use our website without being personally identifiable and without needing to disclose any personal information. As a user you remain fully anonymous.
However, charter inquiries and the contact form require further information, such as your name, telephone number, email address or details of your postal address. Without these we cannot contact you in response to your inquiry.
By completing and sending an inquiry of this type you agree with the use of your data in accordance with this statement.
The information you provide through our contact forms are not stored in a database.
The personal data you give us will only be used to reply to your inquiry or for further referral.
Your personal data will not be sold, let, or given to third parties. Personal data will only be released if you instruct us to do so, or if we are required by law. Personal data include all data which enable you to be identified.
Information about Google Analytics
This website uses Google
Analytics, a web analytics service provide by Google, which uses cookies.
Cookies are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website [including your IP address] will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Google
will not associate your IP address with any other data held. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
More information
information on Google Analytics cookies policy at the following link:
Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
Policy amendments
We reserve the right to change or amend these website terms and conditions without prior notice.
This Policy was last updated in May 2018.