http://www.rogersrescues.com/privacy_policy
Privacy policy
Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us and we want to make your experience satisfying and safe.
This site is owned and operated by Rogers’ Rescues. You can visit most portions of rogersrescues.com without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information.
Personal Information Collected
In general, when you visit our site and access information you remain anonymous. We do not require you to register or provide personal information to view our site. There are occasions, however, when we will ask for additional information. We do this to better understand and respond to your needs and provide you with services that may be valuable to you.
Rogers’ Rescues collects email addresses and other personally identifiable data about you when such data is voluntarily submitted. For example, personally identifiable information will be collected in order for you to become a member of the Rogers’ Rescues mailing list or to apply to adopt a dog or become a member of our organization. All such information is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data. Rogers’ Rescues makes every effort to ensure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information using industry accepted data collection and encryption methodologies.
You may decide to send Rogers’ Rescues personally identifying information in a message containing a request for help. We will only use this information to identify you and to determine how to respond. We will not use this information for any purpose other than to resolve the matter identified in the email.
Rogers’ Rescues Use of Information
We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
Links to Third Party Sites
We provide links to third party sites. Because we do not control those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third party sites. That another web site is linked to our site does not constitute an endorsement by Rogers’ Rescues of the owner of the other site, the content of its site, or its products or services.
How to Unsubscribe from a Mailing list or our Email List
If at any time you wish to be removed from our email list, you can unsubscribe from that list by clicking on the link in the email.
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Rogers’ Rescues. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.