https://www.bma.bm/policy-guidance
Your web browser is out of date. Update your browser for more security, speed and the best experience on the Bermuda Monetary Authority.
BMA
AML / ATF
Policy & Guidance
Share
Print
Email
POLICY & GUIDANCE
On the 30th January 1998 the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) Regulations 1998 came into effect and implemented an anti-money laundering framework for institutions such as banks, trust companies, insurance entities carrying out long-term insurance (not reinsurance), persons processing subscriptions or redemptions relating to collective investment schemes and trading members of the Bermuda Stock Exchange. Under the regulations these entities were defined as Regulated Institutions.
On the 1st January 2009, those Regulations were superseded by the Proceeds of Crime (Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist Financing) Regulations 2008. These Regulations impose a significantly detailed set of obligations on affected AML/ATF regulated financial institutions relating to customer due diligence, record keeping, systems and staff training. They also cover obligations in relation to internal reporting procedures, including the appointment of a reporting officer.
In order to assist AML/ATF regulated financial institutions to comply with the provisions of the Proceeds of Crime Act and Regulations the Bermuda Monetary Authority has issued Guidance Notes with the approval of the Minister. In addition the Authority has published a Statement of Principles relating to how it will exercise of a number of the powers created by the Supervision Act.
Copies of the Guidance Notes and Statement of Principles are available in Regulatory Legislative Documents under Policy and Guidance/AML/ATF.
Feedback
×
We would like your feedback to improve our website.
Your overall satisfaction
Horrible
Bad
Just Ok
Good
Super!
Not satisfied
Really satisfied
Name*
Phone
Email*
Reason for visit?*
Please select your feedback category below.
Suggestions
Issues/Bugs
Others
Please leave your feedback below:
By clicking "Submit" you agree to the Bermuda Monetary Authority Privacy Policy.
Submit
Email to Friend
×
Name*
Email*
Friend's Name*
Friend's Email*
Message
By clicking "Submit" you agree to the Bermuda Monetary Authority Privacy Policy.
Submit
This site uses cookies to serve our services. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read
and understand our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy. Your use of Bermuda Monetary Authority
is subject to these policies.