https://www.valleyfair.com/help/frequently-asked-questions
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Next Section
Frequently Asked Questions
This is fun. Any questions?
Skip to Next Section
The Answer is Fun!
Have some questions about all the fun you can have at Valleyfair? Well, you've come to the right place. Here's a list of some of the most common questions we hear from our guests. Take a look and see if you find what you're looking for.
Skip to Next Section
Season Pass and Payment Plan Questions
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
How do I process my Season Pass?
You can process your Season Pass any day the park is open to the general public. Simply bring your E-ticket to the Admissions Building, located outside the front gate, or any Front Gate Turnstile to obtain your Season Pass ID card. The guest must be present at the time of activation.
Pre-K Season Passes will be required to show proof of age (original birth certificate or travel passport) and the child must be present at the time of activation.
How can I add a Season Pass to my order?
Unfortunately once an order is processed, another pass cannot be added at a later date. Please ensure you purchase the appropriate number of passes with your transaction. Each order will be subject to the current pricing.
How does the Easy Pay Payment Plan work?
Guests may purchase their Season Passes through our Easy Pay Plan. This plan allows guests to divide their purchases into payments that are automatically withdrawn from the credit card on file. The processing fee will apply to the first payment only. You can continue to use your Season Pass even if not all payments are made, however, if one payment does not go through the passes will become deactivated.
View more information and Season Pass pricing.
Can I purchase Add-Ons to my season pass later?
You can purchase All Season Dining or Drink Plans, as well as All Season Fast Lane at a later date either online or at our Admissions Building. Please note that add-ons can only be part of an Easy Pay payment plan if purchased at the same time as your Season Pass. They are not able to be added to an Easy Payment plan after a Season Pass has been purchased, and the full price will be charged at the time of purchase. Pricing is also subject to change and increases as the year progresses.
How do I change my payment information?
If you purchased Season Passes using our Easy Pay plan, you can update your credit card information by going to www.valleyfair.com/payments. Please provide your confirmation number and the e-mail address used to make the purchase.
Why does PayPal say my billing agreement was canceled?
"Valleyfair has canceled a Billing Agreement with you."
This is an automated message from PayPal and simply means that your Easy Pay Payment Plan has been fulfilled with Valleyfair and your last payment has been made. If you have any questions about your order, feel free to call Guest Services at 952-445-7600.
What locations are included in the Dining Plans?
View a list of participating locations and meal options for the Single Meal Deal, All Day Dining, and All Season Dining, please.
What if I lost my Season Pass?
If you forget to bring your Season Pass, please proceed to our Admissions Building, located outside the front gate. With proper identification, a temporary pass will be issued. The temporary pass is valid for the day it is printed. This can be done a maximum of three times per season per guest.
If you have lost your Season Pass card, please proceed to our Admissions Building, located outside the front gate. With proper identification, a $5 fee (plus applicable tax) will be charged for a replacement card.
If you do not have your card when entering the parking lot, you will be required to pay for parking. Please keep your receipt for reimbursement once you are issued your temporary or replacement Season Pass.
What is Valleyfair’s refund policy on Season Passes?
Valleyfair does not issue refunds or exchanges on Season Passes or Season Pass Add-ons. All the preceding products are non-refundable and non-exchangeable for any reason after the order transaction has been complete at the front gate, online, on the Valleyfair mobile app, or other authorized ticket seller.
Skip to Next Section
General Ticket Questions
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Where can I find the best deals on tickets?
Valleyfair offers a variety of online discount options throughout the season.  Save on Regular single-day admission by visiting the TICKETS page for the best online deals.
What's the difference between a Regular and Junior/Senior ticket?
Regular admission tickets are valid for any guest age 3 to 61 who is 48" and taller.
Junior/Senior admission tickets are valid for any guest age 3 years and over who is under 48" taller, or any guest age 62 years and over.
Guests 2 and under are free and do not need an admission ticket.
Buy Tickets.
Does Valleyfair offer a non-rider discount?
Valleyfair does not offer a non-rider discount. Valleyfair has a one-price admission as it is a multi-faceted park - not just a ride park. Live entertainment abounds at the park with fun-filled shows and roving characters and performers. There are also a number of non-active rides, restaurants, shopping and Soak City Waterpark for guests to enjoy.
Is there a discounted rate for Military members?
Yes, Valleyfair offers discounted admission to members of the Military; active, reserve or retired. Tickets can be purchased online and military affiliation is verified by signing into ID.me. Military discount tickets also may be purchased at any Valleyfair ticket booth on the day of your visit. Proof of service must be presented at the time of purchase.
Valleyfair offers special Military Appreciation Days during Memorial and Fourth of July holidays. During this time, members of the Military receive free admission to Valleyfair plus discounted tickets to up to six family members.
What if I am unable to print my tickets?
You can have your tickets printed for you at any window of our Admissions Building prior to passing through the security screening. Please present your order confirmation number and a photo ID.
We are also able to scan the tickets directly off your mobile device as long as each ticket is presented. If you take screenshots of the tickets, be sure that each ticket on the order is saved.
What if I purchased the wrong ticket type/date?
If you made a mistake while purchasing tickets from valleyfair.com, we are typically able to refund the order (Exceptions include tickets for special events). Please repurchase the correct tickets and email the confirmation number that needs to be refunded and the new confirmation number to guestservices@valleyfair.com. If the tickets were not purchased directly from valleyfair.com we are unable to refund or replace them. Please contact the company you purchased the tickets from for more information about their refund policy and instructions.
What do I do if my tickets have expired?
Tickets from the current season that have expired are typically eligible to be surcharged. A nominal fee will be assessed, and the ticket will be made valid for a general public operating day during the same season. Please visit the Admissions Building, located outside the front gate, to apply the surcharge. We are unable to surcharge complimentary tickets.
Where do I find my order confirmation number?
Your order confirmation number is contained in the email receipt that is sent to you after your purchase. If you are unable to locate that email or did not receive that email, please contact our Guest Services team at guestservices@valleyfair.com or by phone at 952-445-7600.
Does Valleyfair sell Gift Cards?
Valleyfair does not sell gift cards, but season passes or daily admission tickets make great gifts!
What is Valleyfair’s refund policy?
Valleyfair does not issue refunds or exchanges on Daily Admission Tickets, Fast Lane/Fast Lane Plus, or drink and dining products. All the preceding products are non-refundable and non-exchangeable for any reason after the order transaction has been complete at the front gate, online, on the Valleyfair mobile app, or other authorized ticket seller. This includes weather-related events. We do not issue rainchecks. Please check the local weather conditions prior to planning your visit.
How do I book a group visit to the park?
We encourage you to visit the Group Sales Ticket section of this website to learn more about our programs. Feel free to submit a Group Sales Information request or call us at 952.496.5331.
Skip to Next Section
General Park Information
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Is there a charge for parking?
Yes, there is a charge for parking at Valleyfair. Buy a Parking Pass online.
Valleyfair also offers Preferred Parking which gives you access to prime parking near the admission gate. Only 100 spots are available daily and spots are taken on a first-come, first-serve basis.
There is NO CHARGE for parking if you dropping someone off or picking them up from the park. If you are dropping someone off or picking people up and will be in the parking lot for 30 minutes or less, you will not have to pay for parking. When you enter the parking lot a toll gate employee will take down your license plate number and record it with the make and model of your car and the time you came through the gate. This information will then be given to Valleyfair security, who will be patrolling the parking lot and making sure guests are not staying and parking without payment.
What is Valleyfair’s weather policy?
Some attractions may close in bad weather until conditions permit safe operation. Please enjoy a show, meal or shopping until such weather passes.
Valleyfair does not offer rainchecks or refunds in the event of inclement weather.
Can I leave the parking lot and reenter later on the same day?
Reentry is permitted into the parking lot by presenting your original parking ticket, or Gold/Platinum season pass.
Is Valleyfair admission required for additional charge attractions?
Yes, Valleyfair admission is required to participate in the following additional charge attractions:
RipCord
What security procedures are implemented at Valleyfair?
The safety of our guests and associates is our number one priority, and we have implemented several enhanced security procedures at all entrance gates. As part of the process:
Guests arriving at the park will go through metal detection every public operating day.
All bags, purses, backpacks, waist packs, etc. will be examined before entering.
Sharp objects (including pocket knives and metal chains), firearms, or other items that could be considered a weapon are strictly prohibited and should be left at home or secured in your vehicle.
Please see our separate FAQ on outside food and beverages.
We use a variety of methods in securing our parks, including uniformed and plainclothes officers, and video surveillance monitoring.
Valleyfair does not tolerate guests who fight and/or harass other guests while on our property. People who engage this behavior are subject to being ejected and potentially banned from the park, and may be subject to arrest by local police.
Can I leave the park and re-enter later?
If you leave the park and plan to return that day, please retain your ticket stub or receipt and get your hand stamped at the re-admission turnstile before exiting. You must be able to present a ticket stub or receipt AND hand stamp to gain re-entry to the park. Season Passes no longer work for reentry into the park and passholders wishing to renter must obtain a stamp. Valleyfair only allows same-day re-entry to the park.
Readmission is not allowed after 7 pm during Halloween Haunt.
Are there lockers available for guests?
Yes, we have a limited number of lockers available throughout the park that vary in size.
Regular: 1-2 backpacks for $15
Large: 3-4 backpacks for $20
Jumbo: 5+ backpacks for $25
All-day rentals. Lockers in the waterpark must be cleared out by the time the waterpark closes for the day.
Locations: Waterpark, General Store, Thunder Canyon, SuperCat, and Front Gate Rental Building. Now Accepting Cash & Credit Cards.
Are there ATMs available in the park?
Yes. ATM machines are located in the following locations:
Outside the park near Guest Services
Inside of Sweet!
Inside of General Store
Inside Hi-Test Arcade
In the games area across from Supercat
In Soak City Waterpark near Beach Bites
What credit cards does Valleyfair accept?
We welcome VISA, MASTERCARD, DISCOVER and AMERICAN EXPRESS at Ticket Booths, most merchandise shops, and at most food locations. Midway Game locations ONLY accept cash.
Does Valleyfair accept personal checks or foreign currency?
Valleyfair does not accept personal checks or foreign currency anywhere in the park.
Can I wear a costume or dress-up during ValleySCARE?
Guests in Halloween make-up or costumes are not permitted during the Halloween Haunt. Kids may wear a costume during the day at The Great Pumpkin Fest.
Can we bring our own food to Valleyfair?
No outside food, beverages or coolers are allowed to be brought into Valleyfair or the Soak City Waterpark. Exceptions are made for Guests with special dietary needs to include food allergies and baby food and formula. Guests with special dietary needs should stop at Guest Services located at the Front Gate when they arrive at the Park.
Valleyfair offers a wide variety of dining options at various restaurants and food vendors throughout the park. Groups looking for catering may contact Group Sales at 952.496.5331 or groupsales@valleyfair.com for delicious meal options available at our catered event location, Picnic Point, located near Steel Venom.
What else can I bring?
Wagons used as strollers are allowed, and Segways are allowed into the park after stopping into our Guest Services office and signing a waiver. All guests, bags, parcels and other items are subject to inspection, including metal detection or other screening measures.
Is Wi-Fi available in the park?
Yes, free Wi-Fi is available throughout the park.
Can I bring my pet?
Sorry, pets are not allowed except for service animals. Kennels are not provided.
Do you have hotel information?
Valleyfair works with a number of local hotels throughout the Southwest Metro.  View Hotels.
Is smoking allowed?
Smoking, including the use of e-cigarettes and vapes, is permitted in designated smoking areas only. Each smoking area will be marked on our park map and are found at the following locations:
Between Picnic Point and Northern Lights
Across from Extreme Swing
Outside of The General Store near the back of the park
In Soak City Waterpark across from Barefoot Beach
Do you have first aid available?
The First Aid Station offers the convenience of warming bottles and provides privacy for nursing. Medications that need refrigeration can also be stored there.
How much does it cost to rent a wheelchair or stroller?
We have a limited number of wheelchairs, electronic wheelchairs, and strollers available to rent for a fee. All rentals are on a first-come, first-serve basis and are located at the front of the park to the right of the entrance fountain. A limited number of wheelchairs are available to rent ahead of time online. Guests are welcome to use their own wheelchairs and strollers in the park.
Stroller (Single) - $15.00
Stroller (Double) - $18.00
Wheelchair - $16.00
Motorized Scooter/EVC - $50.00
What procedures do you have in place to minimize the spread of illness amongst your guests?
We are strict and thorough in the steps we take and the processes we use to keep our properties safe and promote a healthy environment. To protect our guests and associates and prevent the spread of illness, we employ rigorous sanitation standards and robust cleaning procedures, including:
Extensive training for associates on maintaining a safe and hygienic workplace and environment for our guests
Appropriate personal protective clothing and gear for associates who are assigned for cleaning duties
Specified intervals for frequent cleaning and disinfection of targeted areas throughout the day
Procedures for cleaning and disinfection of areas throughout the day and where illness has been suspected or reported
Quick response to spills, trash, and other situations
Daily sanitation procedures, for everything from bathroom faucets and sinks to kitchen and dining surfaces, benches and trash cans
Daily cleaning and “wash down” of outdoors locations, including walkways and queue lines
Guest and associate first aid locations to assist with minor health issues.
We maintain close relationships with local, state, national, and international public health authorities, and take their guidance when additional preventive measures are needed.
Skip to Next Section
Miscellaneous Information
Skip to Next Section
Expand All
Hiring Information
Come join the Valleyfair team! We are hiring for a variety of professional and seasonal job opportunities. With so many jobs to choose from, we are sure to have one that is right for you! Visit our Job Portal at https://jobs.cedarfair.com/our-parks/valleyfair/ to learn more.
Media and PR
Valleyfair is happy to assist credentialed members of the media in producing superior news stories, programs and features that contain timely and up-to-date information. Please visit the Valleyfair’s Media Center at https://www.valleyfair.com/media-center for more information.
Donations
Please visit https://www.valleyfair.com/community/donations for information about donations.
Valleyfair Drone Policy
All drones (Unmanned Aerial Systems) are prohibited at (in) all Cedar Fair parks, including Valleyfair, and any unauthorized drone(s) observed over Valleyfair will be reported to the FAA and local law enforcement, regardless of its point of origin or operation. Drones may pose a potential safety risk and may violate Federal Aviation Administration guidelines.