http://www.naiaonline.org/about-us/privacy-policy/
Please do not fill-in this field
Home   |  Blog  |   Store   |  Contact Us
ABOUT US
Board Members
Mission Statements
Position Statements
Our Logos
Contact Us
ISSUES & PROGRAMS
NAIA Position Statements
NAIA Campaigns
Homes For Animal Heroes
NAIA Shelter Project
NAIA Advocacy Center
Advocacy Center's Mission
The Advocates
The Position Statements
NAIA Rescue
Discover Animals
Consider The Source
GET INVOLVED
Events Calendar
NAIA Videos
Volunteer
Press Center
NAIA Rescue
NAIA Trust
Animal Heroes 2020 Virtual 5K
Donate your car to NAIA
RESOURCES
NAIA Brochures and Handouts
Legal and Legislative Resources
The Case Against Animal Rights and Environmental Extremism
NAIA Trust
Sites of Interest
NAIA LIBRARY
NAIA Articles
Press Releases
Heroes, Winners and Success Stories
White Papers
Guest Editorials and Commentary
Donate Now!
Protect your rights as a responsible pet owner!
Learn More About NAIA
Read our history and position statements
Join & Participate
Sign up to volunteer and receive NAIA news alerts
Privacy Policy
Home > About Us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
National Animal Interest Alliance (NAIA) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all donors and visitors to our website. The following information details NAIA’s collection, protection, and use of the data we receive from donors and visitors to this website.
NAIA reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our website. Any such change will be effective immediately on posting. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to NAIA by sending an email.
Donor Privacy
NAIA recognizes the importance of protecting information we may collect from donors and visitors to our site. We maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private. Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, address, interests, and similar information. We do not store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card numbers.
We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to a third party, and we will not send mailings on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all information received by NAIA, both online and offline, as well as any electronic, written, or oral communication.
NAIA may acknowledge supporters by gift range in quarterly publications. If supporters prefer to remain anonymous, they may inform NAIA of their desire to have their name withheld from supporter lists.
Opt-Out
NAIA will remove your name from our mailing list, email list, or telephone solicitation list at any time, at your request. You may opt out of receiving communications from us by sending an email with your complete name, address, and email address.
Use of Information
NAIA respects your privacy and will ensure your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. We may use this information to deliver information to you about NAIA and our activities, as well as for trend analysis, pattern detection, and website administration.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information to third parties unless (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to do so; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the website (i.e. to process credit card information); and (iii) we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on NAIA or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of NAIA, the website or the visitors to the website, and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of visitors to the website or the public.
Online Donations
Our online donation processor meets the highest industry standards and guidelines for Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance, utilizing high-grade encryption to ensure secure transactions. Independent external and internal audits ensure the privacy, security, and appropriate processing.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an Internet Protocol (IP) address from all visitors to our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of Cookies
Our site may use browser cookies to enhance your experience while using our website. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.
Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can change the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
Third Party Advertising
We do not use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit other websites.
Security
All information provided to NAIA is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of NAIA. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which NAIA has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Disclaimer
Any information posted on NAIA’s website is for general information purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice, medical opinion, diagnosis, or treatment. Any information provided is not a substitute for medical attention. See your licensed veterinary health-care professional for your pet’s medical advice and treatment.
Although our board members and staff have expertise in a broad range of areas including law, veterinary medicine, neither NAIA nor any of its subsidiaries gives advice in these areas.
This website and all the materials on or referenced by the site are provided on an “as is” basis. In no event shall NAIA be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever with respect to the use of this website.
Questions and Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
National Animal Interest Alliance 111 SW Fifth Avenue, Ste. 2660  Portland, OR 97204
Board Members
Mission Statements
Position Statements
Our Logos
Contact Us
Writers and Volunteer Staff
Privacy Policy
Latest Articles
USDA Releases Key Report on Canine…
Please Comment on Proposed Changes…
Order Your Tickets to the NAIA…
2018 Farm Bill Signed Into Law
View Our Articles >>
NAIA Blog
Visit Our Blog >>
National Animal Interest Alliance
PO Box 66579
Portland, Oregon 97290-6579
Phone:(503)761-8962
(503)227-8450
Email: naia@naiaonline.org
About Us
Board Members
Mission Statement
Postion Statement
Privacy Policy
Our Logos
Issues and Programs
NAIA Campaigns
NAIA Shelter Project
NAIA Advocacy Center
NAIA Rescue
NAIA Library
NAIA Articles
White Papers
Press Releases
Guest Editorial and Commentary
Heroes, Winners and Sucess Stories
Get Involved & Resources
Events Calender
Volunteer
Legislative & Legal Resources
Sites of Interest
Copyright © 2018 National Animal Interest Alliance. All rights reserved.
Website by  DoDynamic.com