https://www.trollingbatteryadvisor.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Trolling Battery Advisor ("Trolling Battery Advisor")
operates trollingbatteryadvisor.com and may operate other websites. It
is Trolling Battery Advisor's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Trolling Battery Advisor collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Trolling Battery Advisor's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Trolling Battery Advisor's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Trolling Battery Advisor may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Trolling Battery Advisor also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on trollingbatteryadvisor.com
blogs/sites. Trolling Battery Advisor only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Trolling Battery Advisor's websites choose to interact
with Trolling Battery Advisor in ways that require Trolling Battery Advisor to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Trolling Battery Advisor gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at trollingbatteryadvisor.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Trolling Battery Advisor are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Trolling Battery Advisor collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Trolling Battery Advisor. Trolling Battery Advisor does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Trolling Battery Advisor may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Trolling Battery Advisor may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Trolling Battery Advisor does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Trolling Battery Advisor discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Trolling Battery Advisor's behalf or to provide services available
at Trolling Battery Advisor's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Trolling Battery Advisor's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Trolling Battery Advisor will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Trolling Battery Advisor discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Trolling Battery Advisor believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Trolling Battery Advisor, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Trolling Battery Advisor website and have supplied your email address, Trolling Battery Advisor
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Trolling Battery Advisor and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Trolling Battery Advisor takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Trolling Battery Advisor uses cookies to
help Trolling Battery Advisor identify and track visitors, their usage of Trolling Battery Advisor
website, and their website access preferences. Trolling Battery Advisor visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Trolling Battery Advisor's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Trolling Battery Advisor's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Trolling Battery Advisor, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Trolling Battery Advisor goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Trolling Battery Advisor may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Trolling Battery Advisor and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Trolling Battery Advisor may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Trolling Battery Advisor's sole
discretion. Trolling Battery Advisor encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a trollingbatteryadvisor.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
navy0001
Share UsPopular On Amazon
Categories
Battery Reviews
Blog
Boating and Marine Reviews
About Trolling Battery Advisor Trolling Battery Advisor is an Auto Lover's blog where we have tried our best to give a easy snapshot of the best Trolling motor batteries Available in the US market based on Price, Best selling and Customer Reviews at Amazon.
AMAZON DISCLAIMER Trolling Battery Advisor is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
CONTACT US Trolling Battery Advisor
786 Howard Street South East, Grand Rapids
Michigan, 49507
Phone: 616-379-3791
Search