http://www.omnicoin.com/base/static/privacy
Home
Search Database
Discussion Forum
Top 25 Coins
Top 25 Collections
Numismatic News
Numismatic Links
BankNoteBank.com
SearchCoins Go!
SearchMembers Go!
Privacy Policy
The following discloses our information gathering and usage practices for the OmniCoin website. The OmniCoin site offers an opportunity for visitors to register for extended use of the site. We use this contact information to send users information about our company and its products and services. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time.
OmniCoin is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. OmniCoin collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Information Tracked
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. We also track browser types to help us understand our visitors' needs related to our web site design. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Our site's optional information request forms require your name, e-mail address, as well as information to help us determine your needs related to our solution. We use this information to send updates about our company and contact you if requested or necessary. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. When you receive an updated profile form, that information comes from our database.
Cookies
Client-side cookies are used to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website. Client-side cookies are also used to track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our affiliate signup programs or to track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. All set cookies are temporary; once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site; however, the user may be limited to the access of some areas within our website.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based on your request for information.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. OmniCoin takes care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors' security and privacy among our employees. We are constantly re-evaluating and deploying new technologies to enhance our security.
Choice/Opt-out
OmniCoin provides users the opportunity to opt-in and opt-out of receiving communications from us. This is made available during sign-up for our e-mail lists and in all e-mail messages delivered from our company, or you can email us at support@omnicoin.com. Once a user opts-out, the user will no longer receive future communications.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on www.omnicoin.com so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
© Copyright 2004-2013 OmniCoin Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Help