http://www.cornishlight.co.uk/privacy.htm
Home |
Explore |
Stay |
Traditions |
Eat |
Plan |
Be active |
Walk |
Beach |
Coast |
More +
|
Menu
Cornish Light- Privacy Policy
Cookies.
Like most other large web sites, in order for you to make full use of the personalised content available to our users, it is necessary to set cookies.
For example advertisers from affiliate networks, via their banner advertising or text ad links will set cookies.
Our visitor analytics will also set cookies.  It is important for us to know, for example, which are our most popular pages, and where our visitors come from, so we can continually improve our site visitors experience- we must stress that analytics tracks
visitors anonymously.
If you visit a page provided by others and embedded onto our site, they may set cookies- for example during the
brochure request process when you order a tourist guide.
When you "like" our site and share it with others on Facebook, or similar sites, they too might set cookies.
We have no influence over those third parties, so please visit their own
websites on how to control their cookie settings, and for details of
their cookie policies.
If you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from
Cornishlight, or any other website, you can use your browser to do
this.
We take your privacy very seriously.
The only personally identifiable information we collect is that which you choose to share with Cornishlight
when submitting an enquiry form. This information is
solely for the purposes of allowing your enquiry to be processed.
Where you choose to share
your email address and other personally identifying
information when submitting an accommodation enquiry it is for the sole use of the hotel or guest house or tourist board or other establishment that you wish
to contact. Without this information they would not be able to offer you
accommodation, send you those brochures you requested, or otherwise reply to you.
We will not give, sell, or rent your name, e-mail address,
mailing address, phone number,
or any other personally identifiable fact we learn about you to a third party.
We have put significant effort into ensuring the safety of your personal information.
If you have any questions about our policies on privacy please contact us via our
enquiry
form.
Copyright 1998-2016 Cornish Light
Revised: May 2012