http://www.chateaupotelle.com/privacy
About
Our VisionJean-Noel FourmeauxTeam VGS
Vineyards
Wines
VGS
Terroir Collection
Fourmeaux
Authenticate
Experience
Tasting House & GardenTravel VGS StyleWinemaker Weekend
Membership
OverviewHost a Tour de AmericaRelease CalendarGems of the Napa & Sonoma
News & Events
VGS Happens!Calendar of Events
We Recommend
Contact
Shop |
Login
Follow
|
Share
Home/Privacy
Privacy Policy
We have created this statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website .
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like an email address) and demographic information (like zip code, or age). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and announcements or alerts from some of our partners. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing content that might be of interest, and displaying content according to preferences. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We may contract with third party marketing companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect non-personal information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on other websites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of technology such as Cookies and Web Beacons, which ar industry standard. No Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") is collected in this process.
We may share your PII and non-personal information, including your name, address, email address and any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us with a third party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver tailored advertising to you that match your interests when you visit our website as well as other websites. Our advertising partner will make the data that we provide anonymous so that no one else will receive your PII.
You may opt-out of the use of your information for tailored advertising purposes. To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database so they will not receive future communications or receive our service.
To Opt-Out form our e-mailing list click here: Opt-Out now
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Contact Us
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please visit our contact page.