http://www.iatn.net/privacy-policy
×
Auto Repair Pros
Member Benefits
TechHelp
Knowledge Base
Forums
Resources
My iATN
Marketplace
Chat
Pricing
About Us
Join
Industry Sponsors
Video
Members Only
Repair Shops
Auto Pro Careers
Auto Pro Reviews
Privacy Policy of
International Automotive Technicians’ Network, Inc.
Effective December 31, 2019
Introduction
This policy of International Automotive Technicians’ Network, Inc.(referred to as “iATN", “we”, “us” or “our”) explains our policy
concerning the collection and processing of personal data, and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
iATN respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data.
Our websites and services are not intended for use by minors under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect data relating
to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with privacy and other notices we may provide on specific occasions when
we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. For example,
there are separate privacy notices for employees and job candidates.
Those privacy notices supplement this policy.
iATN is part of the
Solera group of companies.
Other companies in the group may have their own privacy policy.
Important Summary for Members:
We do not sell your personal information.
We do not share your personal information with advertisers or sponsors.
We have zero tolerance for unsolicited commercial email.
We display member names, company, position, and city, state, country and zip code in our public member directory, and possibly
other areas of our site, including areas showing who is "online" on our network and in content created by a member.
We may display the company name, phone number and street address of a business premium member on their iATN web page if the
company has indicated that they do business with the general public. This information can be turned off through the Account Settings.
Any content posted to or sent through the network, such as through forum posts, is not considered personal data.
You may cancel your membership at any time if you do not wish your information to be listed in our public member directory.
You can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Important Information and Who We Are
The Data We Collect About You
How is Your Personal Data Collected
How We Use Your Personal Data
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
Our Actions Over The Past Twelve Months
Data Security
Your Legal Rights
Rights Requests
Privacy Notice about Use of this Website
1. Important Information and Who We Are
Contact Details
International Automotive Technicians' Network, Inc.
Attn: Data Privacy Champion
1301 Solana Blvd, Bldg. 2, Suite 2100
Westlake, TX 76262
1-800-745-9649
Email address: privacy@solera.com
Our Data Privacy Champion has been appointed to ensure that personal data is processed according to law and this notice.
In many jurisdictions,
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to a supervisory authority for data protection issues.
We would, however, appreciate the
chance to deal with your concerns so please contact us first.
iATN is the controller of personal data collected and processed.
For questions relevant to the EU, our data privacy champion, Marco Iriarte.
You may have a right to make a complaint to regulatory agencies about collection and use of personal data but we would appreciate your contacting
us first.
Changes. This privacy policy may be updated by us from time to time.
We will provide the updated notice on our website and a summary of
material changes.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
We realize that it is important that
the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Third-Party Links. Some of our websites and services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on
those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites
and are not responsible for how they process personal data.
We encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The Data We Collect
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data
where the identity has been removed, such as de-identified or anonymous data.
We follow the law in each applicable jurisdiction in determining what
constitutes personal data.
We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of data which we have grouped together as follows:
Identification Data such as a name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, email address, account
name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Vehicle Data such as vehicle registration and licensure, vehicle identification number, vehicle pictures, damage info and repair
and maintenance records.
Biometric Data such as pictures of people.
Technical Data such as internet protocol address, login data, browser type and version, time zone setting, data on devices used
to access a website, service or application, browsing history, search history, and information regarding interaction with an internet website,
application, or advertisement.
Usage Data Data such as how you use our website or service.
Geolocation Data such as latitude and longitude for your location.
Employment Information such as information about employment or a profession.
Education Data such as information about education.
Marketing and Communications Data such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your
communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be
derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as it does not directly or indirectly identify you. For example, we may
aggregate Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with
your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance
with this privacy notice.
We collect Special Categories of Personal Data about you, such as race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life,
sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, criminal convictions and offences only where required to provide services to you or
our customers.
We offer members the ability to post free text comments.
Any information in those comments is stored in our system.
If You Fail To Provide Personal Data. Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and
you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example,
to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is
the case at the time.
3. How is Data Collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or otherwise.
This includes data you provide when you:
apply for, inquire about, or purchase our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our websites, we may automatically collect Technical, and Usage
Data among others about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We may collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and
other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical and Usage Data among others about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Customers. Customers who use our tools and services may provide us personal data for use in those services.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from third parties and public sources.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override
those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct
marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes For Which We Will Use Your Personal Data. We use personal data when necessary to perform contracts, provide you services
and to comply with our legal obligations or form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we
decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you
provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving
that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Solera group of companies
for marketing purposes.
We may provide additional notices to you of the purpose of and basis for collecting the data. In general, we collect information for purposes and
on the basis shown below:
Purpose of Collection
Lawful basis for processing
To provide services to you or your employer
Performance of a contract with you
Our legitimate business interests (provide requested services)
To manage payments and recover money owed to us
Performance of a contract with you
Our legitimate business interests (to recover debts due to us)
To display Interactive Content
Performance of a contract wth you
To provide customer service
Performance of a contract wth you
Our legitimate business interests (recording service provided)
Comply with legal obligations
To enable you to participate in competitions and other marketing activity
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
Administer and protect our business
Our legitimate business intersts
Comply with legal obligations
Data analytics
Our legitimate business interests (to improve our products and services)
To make recommendations to you about goods and services that may be of interest
Our legitimate business interests (to develop our products and services and grow our business)
To provide promotional offers
To fulfil your requests
Legitimate business interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to
give you and the market place the best service and products and the best and most secure experience. We make sure to consider and balance
any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests.
We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are
otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential
impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you or your
employer are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation means processing your data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory
obligation that we are subject to.
Opting Out. You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these
marketing messages, this will not affect our processing of your personal data for other non-marketing purposes such as providing a product or service
to you, warranty registration, the product or service experience, or other transactions.
Cookies. You can make choices about what cookies collect information on our websites.
You may be able to set your browser to refuse all or
some browser cookies. If you disable or refuse certain cookies, some parts of the website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of Purpose. We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need
to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the
new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please
note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted
by law.
5. Disclosures of your Personal Data
We may share your personal data with:
Other companies in the Solera group of companies who are involved in providing the service or product or provide IT and system administration
services and undertake information reporting.
Our customers who are providing services to you.
Our service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Our professional advisers such as our lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers.
Government agencies that require reporting of processing, financial, or transaction activities, but only as required by law.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire
other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set
out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party
service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in
accordance with our instructions.
6. Our Actions Over The Past Twelve Months
The following table provides additional information on the personal information collected in the last twelve months:
Categories of Personal Information collected
Categories of Sources of such Personal Information
Purpose for which the Personal Information was collected
Categories of third parties with whom the Personal Information is shared
Identification Data
Direct interaction with you
Customers for whom we provide services, and their agents
Venders who provide us services
Other companies in the Solera group
Provide you or our customers with services
Comply with legal obligations
Customers for whom we are a service provider
Vendors who provided us services
Vendors who provided an element of our services
Other companies in the Solera group
Industry organizations who required it to provide information used in our services
Vehicle Data
Direct Interaction
Customers who used our services
Other companies in the Solera group
Venders who provide us services
Provide services to our customers
Comply with legal obligations
Analytics
Customers for whom we are a service provider
Vendors who provided us services
Vendors who provided an element of our services
Other companies in the Solera group
Government agencies who provide information required for our services or for legal compliance
Biometric Data
Direct Interaction
Customers who used our services
Profile picture uploaded were displayed on the service
Vendors providing the software or service that collects the data
Technical Data
Interaction with devices that accessed our services
Other companies in the Solera group
Vendors who provide analytics and other services
Security and troubleshooting
To perform services
To improve our products and services
Vendors who provide us services
Customers of our services
Other companies in the Solera group
Usage Data
Interaction with our services
Vendors who provide analytics and other services
Security and troubleshooting
To improve our products and services
Other companies in the Solera group
Vendors who provide us services including analytics
Geolocation Data
Direct interaction through our services
Through content uploaded in our services
From devices used by our employees and dedicated contractors
Security and fraud detection
To provide services
To improve our products and services
To provide analytics
Vendors who provide an element of our services
Vendors who provide professional services such as security and fraud detection
Other companies in the Solera group
Employment Data
Direct interaction with our services
Direct interaction with you
Vendors who provide us services
To provide services
Security and fraud detection
To comply with legal obligations
Vendors who provide us professional services
Customers of our services
Other companies in the Solera group
Government and regulatory agencies
Education Data
Direct interaction with you
Vendors who provide us services
Provide you with the service
Security and fraud detection
To comply with legal obligations
Vendors who provide us professional services
Other companies in the Solera group
Government and regulatory agencies (where required)
Marketing and Communications Data
Direct interaction with you
Customers for whom we provide services, and their agents
Other companies in the Solera group
Provide you or our customers with services and information requested
Comply with legal obligations
Vendors who provide us services
Other companies in the Solera group
7. Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way,
altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business
need-to-know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are
legally required to do so.
8. Your Legal Rights
CALIFORNIA
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request disclosure of what personal information the business collects, uses, discloses, or sells.
Request deletion of personal information collected or maintained by us.
You must make this type of request through the webform
(Exercise Your Rights link) in the footer of this website.
We will ask you to verify that you have requested deletion of all or certain personal information.
Non-discrimination. Your exercise of privacy rights conferred under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) will not result in
discriminatory treatment.
Use an authorized agent. California law allows you to use an authorized agent to make a request under CCPA on your behalf.
You must provide us
with written documentation that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf or a power of attorney.
We may also contact you directly to verify your identity.
NOTICE TO CA RESIDENTS: Where we receive valuable consideration for the provision of personal data to third parties, we do so as a service provider
for a third party.
We do not sell information that identifies a person to other businesses. We have not sold personal information within the last twelve months.
NEVADA
Nevada residents have the right to opt out of the sale of their personally identifiable information.
While we do not intend to sell personal information, Nevada
customers have the legal right to opt out even if their information is not currently being sold.
Use the webform at www.iatn.net to make a request.
European Union
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal
data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you
corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us
continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object
to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local
law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable,
at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about
your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have
the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate
grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following
scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to
hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data, but we
need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data
in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use
or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any
processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise
you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
DATA RETENTION: HOW LONG WILL YOU USEMY PERSONAL DATA?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting,
or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential
risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through
other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us. More specifically,
and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, by law we have to keep basic information about our customers for at least 5 years after they cease being customers for tax,
financial auditing, and record keeping purposes.
We may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely
without further notice to you.
NOTICE RE: INTERATIONAL TRANSFERS: Personal Data is transferred from the EU and Switzerland to the United States, Mexico, and India.
OTHER JURISDICTIONS
You may have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Contact us for more information.
9. Rights Requests
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us via the webform (Exercise Your Rights link) in the footer of this website or
through the contact information set out above.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise
any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
If your
request provides an email address, or our records contain your email address, we may ask you to verify your identity through such address.
Where additional
information is required, we try to ask only information that can be corroborated through our records.
We may also ask you for further information in relation
to your request to speed up our response.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is
clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within forty-five days (or thirty days for residents in the EU).
Occasionally it may take us longer. If so, we will
notify you and keep you updated.
If we deny your request, we will explain the basis for such denial.
We will keep a record of rights requests and responses for
at least twenty-four months in a log that will not be used for any purpose other than for record-keeping and analytics.
10. Privacy Notice about Use of this Website, www.iatn.net
This notice provides additional information about how we collect and process personal data through your use of this website, www.iatn.net.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
This website collects personal information from interaction with visitors to the website through direct interaction with the user and devices that access the
website.
We collect the information to provide information requested by the user and to improve our products and services. We share the personal information with
our vendors who assist us in providing the website and service requested by the user and other companies in the Solera group of companies.
Connecting With Members Through Other Services. We may advertise on other social networks, such as Facebook and Twitter, to connect with past and
current members. These networks typically provide a mechanism for us to target our members by matching email address, phone number and similar information. No third
party is permitted to use our members' information in ANY way other than to help us target our advertisements. For Facebook and Twitter, those services never receive
the email or phone number. For Twitter advertisements, we use MailChimp to securely exchange the targeting information.
Industry Sponsors.
iATN has industry sponsors that subsidize the network and provide support to members. At no time do we share personal data with
these companies without your express consent.
Business Sponsor Pages.
Business or Business+ premium members receive a web page on iATN to advertise their services to the public. These members
control what information they wish to share although the default web page includes the phone number and street address of the business, if it is represented as doing
business with the general public.
Member Directory. Members agree as part of registration to allow display of their full name, company name, position, city, state, and country in our
member directory that is viewable to anyone browsing the iATN web site. Members who do not wish to have their information displayed can cancel their iATN membership.
The directory will be updated within one week.
Interactive Content. Some personal information is displayed with all interactive content created on iATN including but not limited to messages posted
to the forums, TechHelp help request system, chat rooms, etc. Do not submit content if you do not wish personal information to be displayed.
Private Email from Members: iATN does not reveal your email address to other members. Your email address may be visible with content you submitted on
the network. We also enable communication with you through the use of a form on our website but this does not display your email address.
This website collects the following types of personal information for the purpose shown below:
Categories of Personal Information collected
Purpose for which the Personal Information will be used
Identification Data
Provide the service requested
Comply with legal obligations
Vehicle Data
Provide services to our customers
Comply with legal obligations
Analytics
Biometric Data
Profile pictures uploaded by you may be displayed on the service
Technical Data
Provide the website
Security and troubleshooting
Analytics
To improve our products and services
Usage Data
Provide the website
Security and troubleshooting
Analytics
To improve our products and services
Geolocation Data
Security and fraud detection
To provide services
Analytics
Marketing and Communications Data
Provide the service requested
Comply with legal obligations
Employment Data
To provide services
Security and fraud detection
To comply with legal obligations
Education Data
Provide you with the service
Security and fraud detection
To comply with legal obligations
Aggregated Data, such as statistical or demographic data, may be derived from your personal data but is not
considered personal data in law as it does not directly or indirectly identify you.
Member Benefits
Members Only
Repair Shops
Careers
Reviews
Join iATN
Video Help
About Us
Contact Us
Sitemap
Press Kit
Terms
Privacy
Exercise Your Rights
FAQ
Copyright ©1995-2020 iATN. All rights reserved.iATN® is a registered trademark of the International Automotive Technicians Network.
iATN
International Automotive Technicians Network
Auto Repair Professionals
Members Only
Repair Shops
Auto Pro Careers
Auto Pro Reviews
Member Benefits
About Us
Join
Industry Sponsors
Video