http://www.rotax-owner.com/privacy-legal-disclaimer
Select Language
English
Afrikaans
Albanian
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Haitian Creole
Hebrew
Hindi
Hungarian
Icelandic
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Latvian
Lithuanian
Macedonian
Malay
Maltese
Norwegian
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swahili
Swedish
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Vietnamese
Welsh
Yiddish
Subscribe
Login
Home
Forum
Videos
2-Stroke Videos
912 Videos
914 Videos
912 iS Videos
Builder Series
Rotax Minute
Expanded Instruction Videos
E-Learning Videos
Product Review Videos
Free Videos
Training
ROTAX Training
L.S.R. Training
LAA Courses (UK)
BMAA Training (UK)
Find A Flight School
Support / Bulletins
Find Service
Dealer Locator
ROTAX iRMT Service
L.S.R. Service
UK Inspectors
Ireland Inspectors
Australian Rotorcraft TA
MD-RA Inspectors (Canada)
SERVICE BULLETINS
ENGINE MANUALS
Engine Configuration Search
Engine Registration
Customer Service Information Report (CSIR)
Government Assistance
OEM Support
TECHNICAL INFORMATION
FAQ - 4 Stroke
Engine Specifications
Technical Articles
Registration Info
Using The Rotax-Owner Website (FAQ)
Search Entire Site
Blog
Classifieds
Browse Classifieds
Search Classifieds
Post an Ad
Classifieds Dashboard
Using the Classifieds
FLIGHTSAFETY
Home
Forum
Videos
— 2-Stroke Videos
— 912 Videos
— 914 Videos
— 912 iS Videos
— Builder Series
— Rotax Minute
— Expanded Instruction Videos
— E-Learning Videos
— Product Review Videos
— Free Videos
Training
— ROTAX Training
— L.S.R. Training
— LAA Courses (UK)
— BMAA Training (UK)
— Find A Flight School
Support / Bulletins
— Find Service
—— Dealer Locator
—— ROTAX iRMT Service
—— L.S.R. Service
—— UK Inspectors
—— Ireland Inspectors
—— Australian Rotorcraft TA
—— MD-RA Inspectors (Canada)
— SERVICE BULLETINS
— ENGINE MANUALS
— Engine Configuration Search
— Engine Registration
— Customer Service Information Report (CSIR)
— Government Assistance
— OEM Support
— TECHNICAL INFORMATION
—— FAQ - 4 Stroke
—— Engine Specifications
—— Technical Articles
—— Registration Info
— Using The Rotax-Owner Website (FAQ)
— Search Entire Site
Blog
Classifieds
— Browse Classifieds
— Search Classifieds
— Post an Ad
— Classifieds Dashboard
— Using the Classifieds
FLIGHTSAFETY
Privacy / Legal
This Web site is provided by Rotax-Owner.com, subject to the following Privacy/Legal policy ("Privacy/Legal Policy").
BY USING THIS WEB SITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THE PRIVACY/LEGAL POLICY.
Rotax-Owner.com may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. By using our Web site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Rotax-owner.com Web Site Privacy/Legal Policy to which you are bound. By using our Classified Ads section, you further agree to the additional terms of the Classifieds service, posted here, and Rotax-Owner.com may at any time revise those additional terms and conditions by updating that posting. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THIS WEB SITE AFTER ANY CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY/LEGAL POLICY CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE REVISED PRIVACY/LEGAL POLICY.
Privacy Policy ( last updated on 25-May-2018 )
Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of ROTAX-OWNER.COM. The use of the Internet pages of ROTAX-OWNER.COM is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to ROTAX-OWNER.COM. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, ROTAX-OWNER.COM has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by postal mail or courier.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of ROTAX-OWNER.COM is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)    Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)    Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)    Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e)    Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f)     Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)    Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h)    Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)      Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j)      Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k)    Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
ROTAX-OWNER.COM
3009 – 28 Street
Vernon, British Columbia
V1T 4Z7 Canada
Email: info@rotaxowner.com
Website: www.rotax-owner.com
3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:
Privacy Officer
ROTAX-OWNER.COM
3009 – 28 Street
Vernon, British Columbia
V1T 4Z7 Canada
Email: dpo@rotaxowner.com
Website: www.rotax-owner.com
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
4. Cookies
The Internet pages of ROTAX-OWNER.COM use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.
Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, ROTAX-OWNER.COM can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. So please always accept our site cookies if you wish to log in with a Rotax-Owner user account.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Our website ONLY uses cookies for its own internal navigating and user function processing. It does NOT place any 'marketing' cookies on your web browser - in other words, after visiting our site you won't suddenly start seeing ads for ROTAX engine parts following you around as you browse other sites.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable. Refer to our SITE FAQ for more information on enabling cookies.
5. Collection of general data and information
The website of ROTAX-OWNER.COM collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, ROTAX-OWNER.COM does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, ROTAX-OWNER.COM analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a payment service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. The entirety of the controller’s employees are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons.
7. Subscription to our newsletters
On the website of ROTAX-OWNER.COM, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our enterprise's newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.
ROTAX-OWNER.COM informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter about ROTAX Aircraft Engines. The enterprise's newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for a Free or Paid Membership. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject for the first time for newsletter shipping, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. This confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorized to receive the newsletter.
During the registration for the Rotax-Owner membership, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.
The personal data collected as part of a registration for the Rotax-Owner membership will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time using the contact form found directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way.
8. Newsletter-Tracking
The newsletter of ROTAX-OWNER.COM contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online mailing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, ROTAX-OWNER.COM may potentially see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject. (Email client software which prevents the display of embedded images will defeat the functionality of the tracking pixels.)
Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Data subjects are at any time entitled to request the deletion of their email delivery statistical data by contacting any employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM
9. Contact possibility via the website
The website of ROTAX-OWNER.COM contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
10. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
11. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by ROTAX-OWNER.COM, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. An employees of ROTAX-OWNER.COM will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by ROTAX-OWNER.COM, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
ROTAX-OWNER.COM shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If ROTAX-OWNER.COM processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to ROTAX-OWNER.COM to the processing for direct marketing purposes, ROTAX-OWNER.COM will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by ROTAX-OWNER.COM for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, ROTAX-OWNER.COM shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of ROTAX-OWNER.COM.
12. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For the web analytics through Google Analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeIp". By means of this application the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/.
13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, the controller has NOT integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.
The "Facebook" icon present on our pages
()
does NOT collect or transmit any information from the data subject. It only provides a link to the ROTAX-OWNER page located on the Facebook website, which will open in a new window.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to Facebook.
14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Twitter
On this website, the controller has NOT integrated components of Twitter. Twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 280 characters. These short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to Twitter. The tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. Followers are other Twitter users who follow a user's tweets. Furthermore, Twitter allows you to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
The "Twitter" icon present on our pages
()
does NOT collect or transmit any information from the data subject. It only provides a link to the ROTAX-OWNER page located on the Twitter website, which will open in a new window.
The applicable data protection provisions of Twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of YouTube
On this website, the controller has integrated components of YouTube. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full movies and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal.
The operating company of YouTube is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, UNITED STATES. The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
The "YouTube" icon present on our pages
()
does NOT collect or transmit any information from the data subject. It only provides a link to the ROTAX-OWNER page located on the YouTube website, which will open in a new window.
Some of the article pages hosted on our website contain links to YouTube videos, or contain embedded Youtube videos. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a YouTube component (YouTube video) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding YouTube component. Further information about YouTube may be obtained under https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in on YouTube, YouTube recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a YouTube video, which specific sub-page of our Internet site was visited by the data subject. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and assigned to the respective YouTube account of the data subject.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on YouTube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If such a transmission of this information to YouTube and Google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own YouTube account before a visit to our website is made.
YouTube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
16. Payment Method: Data protection provisions about the use of PayPal as a payment processor
On this website, the controller has integrated components of PayPal. PayPal is an online payment service provider. Payments are processed via so-called PayPal accounts, which represent virtual private or business accounts. PayPal is also able to process virtual payments through credit cards when a user does not have a PayPal account. A PayPal account is managed via an e-mail address, which is why there are no classic account numbers. PayPal makes it possible to trigger online payments to third parties or to receive payments. PayPal also accepts trustee functions and offers buyer protection services.
The European operating company of PayPal is PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
If the data subject chooses "PayPal" as the payment option in the online shop during the ordering process, we automatically transmit the data of the data subject to PayPal. By selecting this payment option, the data subject agrees to the transfer of personal data required for payment processing.
The personal data transmitted to PayPal is usually first name, last name, address, email address, IP address, telephone number, mobile phone number, or other data necessary for payment processing. The processing of the purchase contract also requires such personal data, which are in connection with the respective order.
The transmission of the data is aimed at payment processing and fraud prevention. The controller will transfer personal data to PayPal, in particular, if a legitimate interest in the transmission is given. The personal data exchanged between PayPal and the controller for the processing of the data will be transmitted by PayPal to economic credit agencies. This transmission is intended for identity and creditworthiness checks.
PayPal will, if necessary, pass on personal data to affiliates and service providers or subcontractors to the extent that this is necessary to fulfill contractual obligations or for data to be processed in the order.
The data subject has the possibility to revoke consent for the handling of personal data at any time from PayPal. A revocation shall not have any effect on personal data which must be processed, used or transmitted in accordance with (contractual) payment processing.
The applicable data protection provisions of PayPal may be retrieved under https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
17. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
18. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
19. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
20. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
21. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USAGE
Type of Information Collected
Rotax-Owner.com may collect from and use information about the users of this Web site. This information falls into a number of different categories:
When a user fills in an electronic form on the Web site, Rotax-Owner.com may collect a user's name, position, business address, telephone number, fax number, business e-mail and financial information (including credit card information) required to process orders of goods and services.
A user may provide information which personally identifies a user ("Personal Information") to Rotax-Owner.com when completing a registration or placing an order. Unless a user provides the minimum information noted on the Rotax-Owner.com Web site, the user may be unable to complete transactions.
Rotax-Owner.com may collect the e-mail addresses of users who communicate with Rotax-Owner.com via e-mail and who wish to receive information from Rotax-Owner.com, such as member notices, Rotax-Owner.com's electronic newsletters, Rotax Service Bulletins etc.
Rotax-Owner.com may collect business information volunteered by users, for uses such as survey information. This information is kept confidential by Rotax-Owner.com and is not used for any purposes outside of the stated intent of the survey without the express consent of the participant. Aggregated or anonymized survey results that do not identify individual users may be used and disclosed by Rotax-Owner.com.
The Rotax-Owner.com Web site may use "Cookies", which are small data files that are placed on an individual user's computer. The Cookie identifies your web browser and not personal information about you, such as your name.
The Rotax-Owner.com Web site automatically collects certain user information which is customarily logged by Internet servers, including the Internet Protocol address ("IP address") through which users access the Internet, the date and time of access, and the Internet address of the Web site from which a user linked to this Web site ("User IP Information").
How Information is Used
The reason for the collection of information on the Web site and uses which are made of the information which is collected depends on the nature of the information.
Rotax-Owner.com may use Personal Information collected on and through this Web site only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for additional purposes which are disclosed at the time the Personal Information is collected. Rotax-Owner.com uses Personal Information when users order goods and services from Rotax-Owner.com.
Rotax-Owner.com may use contact information (i.e. name, job title, business address, telephone number, fax number, and business e-mail) to inform users on a periodic basis by electronic newsletters, correspondence, phone calls, faxes and e-mails about industry issues, events, products and services of interest to your business or person. Members may also receive from time to time, phone calls, correspondence or e-mails from Rotax-Owner.com affiliated trade associations and select sponsors associated with Rotax-Owner.com who provide information about industry issues, events, products and services of interest to your business.
The Rotax-Owner.com Web site may use Cookies to monitor Web site usage, measure aggregate user traffic and demographic statistics such as number of users, average time spent, and similar statistics. Any user may disallow receiving Cookies at any time through their Web browser settings.
User IP information may be used to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of this Web site, and to help make the Rotax-Owner.com Web site more useful to users.
Rotax-Owner.com may use User IP Information or Cookie information collected on and through the Rotax-Owner.com Web site to improve the design and content of the Web site. User IP Information and Cookie information may also be used for statistical purposes or to evaluate what portions of the Web site are more popular than others, determine where visitors came from, and where they go within the Web site, and how long visitors stay on a particular page, or on the Web site in general.
In certain limited circumstances, Rotax-Owner.com may be required or permitted by law to disclose Personal Information, such as to the police in the course of a criminal investigation.
How Your Information is Protected
Rotax-Owner.com uses commercially reasonable steps to keep any Personal Information which it collects about users secure from unauthorized access, deletion or alteration, but, as with any communication of information over the Internet, there is a risk that data will be intercepted or otherwise interfered with by third parties. Rotax-Owner.com will have no liability to users if Personal Information is intercepted or otherwise interfered with by third parties. Users should take precautions to ensure that others do not access their Personal Information; such precautions include the use of passwords and encryption and turning off the computer when finished using it.
Rotax-Owner.com treats all information collected on our Web site as securely as possible. Rotax-Owner.com's payment processor Web site uses SSL or "Secure Sockets Layer", an industry-standard security protocol, to process credit card transactions for the purpose of membership registration and membership subscriptions. When users connect with Rotax-Owner.com's payment processor secure server, the communication between the browser and the secure server is encrypted. Our web-hosting providers certify that their equipment and facilities comply with the following standards: SSAE 16, ISO 27002, PIPEDA, PHIPA, GDPR.
Although Rotax-Owner.com uses commercially reasonable steps to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, Rotax-Owner.com cannot assure that information it collects will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
Transferring of Personal Information
Rotax-Owner.com may use third parties to provide services or functionality relating to the Rotax-Owner.com Web site. As a result, Personal Information may be transferred to one or more third parties, such as a data processor or fulfillment agency for processing relating to these services or functionality. Rotax-Owner.com will ensure that any such third parties do not use such Personal Information for their own purposes and that Personal Information is safeguarded to the same standards as are used by Rotax-Owner.com.
Sharing of Contact Information
Rotax-Owner.com may share contact information with its affiliated trade associations so that users can be informed about industry issues, events, products and services of interest to your business. Contact information that is limited to name, job title, business address and telephone number may also be shared with select sponsors of Rotax-Owner.com events. Contact fax numbers and e-mail addresses will not be provided to sponsors.
Access to Personal Information
Upon request, Rotax-Owner.com will provide an individual with details of any Personal Information about him or her, which Rotax-Owner.com has in its possession or control. Rotax-Owner.com can be contacted at dpo@rotaxowner.com (Attention: Privacy Officer).
Opting Out and Correcting Your Information
If you would like to remove your name from Rotax-Owner.com's electronic participation lists please let us know by (first) contacting us at dpo@rotaxowner.com (Attention: Privacy Officer) and (second) by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in our electronic newsletter e-mails.
If you wish to correct the information that we have about you, please contact us at dpo@rotaxowner.com (Attention: Privacy Officer).
Collection of Information by Third Parties
This Web site may contain links to Web sites which may be operated by third parties whose information and privacy practices may be different than Rotax-Owner.com's. These links are provided solely for convenience. Users should consult the privacy notices on such other sites. Rotax-Owner.com may have no control over any information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties and is not responsible for the content of any such third party Web sites. Accessing and viewing of any such third party Web site is conducted at the user's own risk.
Legal disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Rotax-Owner.com and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, videos or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Neither Rotax-owner.com nor its contributors shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall the Rotax-owner.com or its contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to: procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, tort (including negligence or otherwise), or any other theory arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, whether based on alleged breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or any other cause of action, including but not limited to damages or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, and/or theft, destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of any record.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Privacy/Legal Policy shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this Privacy/Legal Policy. We may assign our rights and duties under this Privacy/Legal Policy to any party at any time without notice to you.
All Service Bulletins and their accompanying tools and instructions are provided for distribution by the manufacturer of your engine, BRP-Powertrain GmbH & Co, KG.  Rotax-Owner.com hereby disclaims all liability for the use and function thereof, including all express and implied warranties to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Every effort is made to ensure that the information provided is accurate and up to date. However, there is an inherent risk in the use of ROTAX® engines in aircraft and in the operation of aircraft generally. The operator of any type of aircraft powered by ROTAX® engines assumes any and all risk relating to such use. Accordingly, use of the information herein is at the user's risk and Rotax-Owner.com disclaims any responsibility for any errors or omissions. In the event that you have any questions or concerns whatsoever with regard to any information herein, further assistance is available from your nearest ROTAX Authorized Independent Service Centre.
In no event will we be liable for any loss, personal injury, death or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss, personal injury, death or damage, or any loss, personal injury, death or damage whatsoever arising from information on this website, loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Rotax-Owner.com. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Rotax-Owner.com takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Rotax-owner.com does not warrant the quality, accuracy, or completeness of any information, data or product from these web pages. It is provided 'AS IS' without warranty or condition of any nature. Rotax-owner.com disclaims all other warranties, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to the information, data, product or accompanying materials retrieved from this web site. In no event will Rotax-owner.com or its employees, servants or agents have any obligation to the user for any reason including claims arising from contract or tort, or for loss of revenue or profit, or for indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising from the use of this information.
Indemnification
By your use of this site you agree to indemnify and hold harmless, Rotax-Owner.com, its contributors, any entity jointly created by them, their respective affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use of the website by you or your account. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Rotax-Owner.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to us from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this Privacy/Legal Policy by you.
Jurisdictional Issues
This Privacy/Legal Policy is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the province of British Columbia (Canada) without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. The parties have designated British Columbia, Canada, as the jurisdiction for any litigation arising in connection herewith. If any provision of this Privacy/Legal Policy is unlawful, void, or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this Privacy/Legal Policy and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions. This Privacy/Legal Policy constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and shall not be modified except in a writing signed by both parties.
Special notice for all Rotax-Owner Members.
Rotax-Owner.com is in full compliance with CASL (Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation) and by your use of this site you agree that (sometime prior to July 1st, 2017) Rotax-Owner.com has already obtained your express consent to send you Email Communications; and that consent under our existing business relationship hasn’t expired (and that you have not opted out). By creating a new user account with Rotax-Owner.com on or after July 1st, 2017, you agree that  Rotax-Owner.com has now obtained your express consent to send you Email Communications; and that your express consent to receive our email communications is extended for perpetuity, (until such time as you advise us of your desire to opt out of future email communications).  If you would like to remove your name from Rotax-Owner.com's electronic participation lists please let us know by (first) contacting us at dpo@rotaxowner.com (Attention: Privacy Officer) and (second) by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in our electronic newsletter e-mails.
Follow Us
Recent Videos
2-Stroke Engines
ROTAX 2-Stroke Fuel System - Part 1
912 Series
Rotax 912ULS powered Kitfox V Pre-Buy Inspection
914 Series
Rotax-powered Kitfox V Pre-Buy Inspection
E-Learning Videos
ROTAX 2-Stroke Fuel System - Part 1
Free Videos
ROTAX AIRCRAFT ENGINES on EAC
SI-912 i-002_SI-915 i-002 B.U.D.S. Aircraft Installation Instructions
SI-912 i-004, SI-912-018, SI-914-020, SI-915 i-003 Purging of lubrication system
SI-PAC-016 and SI-912i-025 Optional Fuel Pump Assy
ROTALK NEWS Episode 5
Intro to SI PAC 020 Fuel Pressure Damper Assy
ASB-915 i A-006, ASB-912 i-010 Inspection and/or replacement of fuel pump assy.
ROTALK NEWS Episode 4
SB-912-073/ SB-914-055 Replacement of Carburetor Circlip
ASB on Exchange of Exhaust Valves on ROTAX 915iA, 915iB and 914 (Series)
SB-915 i A-004/SB-915 i B-004 Replacement of Oil Pump Housing
SB-915 i A-005, SB-915 i B-005 Inspection of turbocharger assy.
915 iS (Series) Turbocharger Heat Shield Inspection
ROTALK NEWS Episode 1
ROTALK NEWS Episode 2
ROTALK NEWS Episode 3
Safety First!
To receive critical-to-safety information on your ROTAX Engine, please subscribe toROTAX-OWNER.COM
Recent Forum Posts
Carb ice query
Hi all
Today I was ground running a 912ULS on a very cold and damp day in the...
New fuel standard for 912iS?
Rotax issued a new Service Bullitin for fluids.
As I recall the previous fuel...
912iSc Cylinder Not firing
We have some doubts regarding the engine start response in the ground test...
CAN bit definition- warning lamps
Sir,
What is the difference between warning lamp bit and state in CAN...
912ULS new roughness around 3000rpm - temperature effect?
My 912ULS with Airmaster CS prop (WarpDrive blades) was stripped and rebuilt...
Low Oil pressure
I have a Kitfox model 6 powered by a 100 hp Rotax 912ULS.  The engine has...
ROTALK News
ROTALK NEWS Episode 5Rotax-powered Sling aircraft from The Aircraft Factory, the AVMAP Navigation and engine monitoring system, and the Rotax powered Tucano Experimental and Light-Sport Aircraft.
ROTALK NEWS Episode 4ROTAX's 915iS-powered Aquila A211 test aircraft, the Scheibe SF-25C Falke (first-ever 912-equipped aircraft!) and ROTAX factory in Gunskirchen, Austria.
ROTALK NEWS Episode 3Michael Smith's Rotax-Powered Searey Circumnavigation, the amazing Rotax-Powered Lockwood Aircam and Anthony Caere's chimpanzee rescue operations.
Recent Classified Ads
1
Garmin GTN750
The GTN 750 is a fully...
PARTS
North America
1
Rotax 914T...
California Power...
ENGINES
North America
4
EP912STi (155HP)...
We offer our proven...
ENGINES
Europe
1
Constant speed kit
Maximize your power at...
PARTS
North America
1
914 muffler
Upgrade your old, big...
PARTS
North America
1
914 airbox
Get rid of your old...
PARTS
North America
4
Builders Assist...
Midwest Skysports...
SERVICES
North America
3
Complete Rotax...
Midwest Skysports...
SERVICES
North America
4
Rotax Engine Repair
Brian G....
SERVICES
North America
3
Rotax Repair Center
Brian G....
ENGINES
North America
1
Rotax Service in...
Inland Aviation...
SERVICES
North America
Wanted soft...
I also have a new 6...
ENGINES
North America
Subscribe
Contact Us
Privacy / Legal Disclaimer
About Us
FAQ
Log In/Out
Log in
Forgot Login?
Sign up
Top
© Rotax-Owner.com
This website uses cookies to manage authentication, navigation, and other functions.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
View Privacy Policy
View e-Privacy Directive Documents
View GDPR Documents
I agree
I decline
Reconsider Cookies
You have declined cookies.
This decision can be reversed.
Change Cookie Consent
Remove Cookies
You have allowed cookies to be placed on your computer.
This decision can be reversed.
Login
Log in
Forgot Login?
Sign up
This website uses cookies to manage authentication, navigation, and other functions.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
View Privacy Policy
View e-Privacy Directive Documents
View GDPR Documents
I decline
I agree