http://www.acpa.ca/privacy-policy-terms-of-use.aspx
Skip navigation
Home
Contact Us
Search
Sign inFRANÇAIS
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Please read this Privacy Policy very carefully before using this site. By accessing and using this site, you signify your consent to these terms, as well as our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. Please check the Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
At ACPA we understand the importance of privacy to the individual. We know that earning the trust of our members is a permanent and ongoing endeavour. With the growth of electronic media, it is necessary to take further steps in protecting the privacy of the individual.
ACPA will work to protect the privacy, accuracy and reliability of your personal information and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, the personal information entrusted with us is secure and will not be used for purposes other than what is necessary to offer the service our members deserve or as may be required by law.
Non-personally identifiable information
When visitors come to our Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of the IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to our Site. We use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout ACPA's Site. Such information is not correlated with any personal information.
Cookies
We use cookies to save your member password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. A cookie is a file written to your computer's hard drive that records certain technical information about your Internet usage, such as your IP address, browser type, or domain name. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance of our website.
Members Area
You must be a retired Air Canada pilot or a current ACPA member (non management), in good standing, if you want to enter Members Area of this website. We also require that members keep their e-mail address updated with ACPA.
Links
This website contains links to third party sites. ACPA is not responsible for the collection of personal information nor the privacy of such information on third-party sites. If you have any questions or concerns with respect to this privacy statement, please send an email through the Contact Us page.
© 2020 Air Canada Pilots Association. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use