https://www.cohencamps.org/privacy-policy/
JUST FOR GIRLS
Meet your summer sisters: New England’s
only all-girls Jewish cultural camp
Pembroke, MA, near Cape Cod
OUR SMALLER CO-ED CAMP
2-week option • Nut-Aware
Close-knit, Jewish community
Hampstead, in southern NH
OUR LARGER CO-ED CAMP
Spirited Jewish summers on the
shores of Lake Potanipo
Brookline, in southern NH
Just like our campers, each Cohen Camp shines with its own personality. Let us help you choose!
Learn More.
Explore THE
(781) 489-2070 • CONTACT US
ENROLL NOW
DONATE NOW
QUESTIONS?
ABOUT US
CAMPS & PROGRAMS
WAYS TO SUPPORT
WORK HERE
Main Menu
About Us
Camps & Programs
Ways to Support
Work Here
Contact the Office
Give 2 Camp
Enroll Now
Contact Us
Camp Pembroke
Camp Tel Noar
Camp Tevya
Contact Us
Camp Pembroke
Camp Tel Noar
Camp Tevya
Enroll Now
Request S’more Info
Give 2 Camp
Privacy Policy
The web sites are comprised of various web pages operated by Eli & Bessie Cohen Camps and the Eli & Bessie Cohen Camps of Massachusetts, Inc., Camp Pembroke®, Camp Tel Noar®, Camp Tevya®, and Dor L’Dor (hereafter collectively the “Cohen Camps”). The web sites are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy (collectively, this “Policy”). Your use of the Cohen Camps’ web sites constitutes your agreement to this Policy.
The Cohen Camps is committed to protecting the personal information and respecting the privacy of all visitors to our web sites. It is important that you understand the information collected from you and what we do with it.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
You can visit this web site without revealing information about yourself; however, in the course of operations, our servers may automatically collect information about your web browser and other relevant information about your browsing session on our sites. We have a strict “opt-in” policy and personally identifiable information about visitors to the web site is collected only when voluntarily submitted, for example when a user requests information via a web form.
The Cohen Camps reserves the right to track non-personal information about users of its web sites, including the number of users visiting the web site, the Internet browser being used, and the type of operating system being used. This information is used solely to give us a better understanding of how the web site is being used, and to better tailor the content to our visitors.
Alumni of any Cohen Camps camp may register on their respective camp’s Alumni Site and create a user profile for database searches, take part in Communication Services (as defined in the Terms of Use), register for events, make donations, or take advantage of other features offered. In so doing, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information, or information about your interests and activities. If your personal information changes and you wish to update it, or if you wish to delete your information, you can make changes by sending an email to us at the following address: WebM@CohenCamps.org.
CHILDREN
If you are under the age of 13, we ask that you only access our site when accompanied by your parent or guardian.  In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.), the Cohen Camps will not knowingly accept personal information from a child younger than age 13 for any purpose. The year of birth is required as part of registration for the Alumni Sites in order to verify age and attendance at one of the Cohen Camps. Under no circumstances will the Cohen Camps accept registration of an Alumni profile from a child under the age of 16.
HOW COLLECTED INFORMATION IS USED
We may use the information you give us to provide services to you, at your request. We may use it to communicate with you through periodic messages regarding events, and other information and notices we believe you may find interesting or useful. We may use it for confirmation of donations, registrations, or other actions you take on our site, and for related customer service needs.
We do not sell, rent, swap or otherwise share our mailing lists with external organizations. Any personal information you provide to the Cohen Camps will not be disseminated to outside parties, excepted as disclosed here.
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf in relation to the Cohen Camps operations. Examples include web hosting companies and fulfillment companies. Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
The Cohen Camps will disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
COOKIES
In an effort to provide you with a better experience through our web site, we may store small amounts of information on your computer through the use of cookies. A “cookie” is a small file deposited on your computer by a web site you visit. When connecting to the Cohen Camps’ Alumni Sites, session cookies are offered to your computer. In order to use the Alumni Directory and its services, your browser must accept these cookies.
OTHER WEB SITES
The Terms of Use and Privacy Policy apply only to the Cohen Camps’ web sites and not to any additional web sites that may be linked to or from our web sites. Although our web sites may include links to other web sites as a convenience to users, the Cohen Camps do not endorse any such web sites or the information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through such web sites. Users access and use such web sites, including information, material, products, and services therein, solely at the users’ own risk. The Cohen Camps are not responsible for the privacy practices and content of such other Internet sites. We encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy policies of all such sites.
E-MAIL MESSAGES
If you send us e-mail, we may share your e-mail address and message content with others at the Cohen Camps, and with persons and organizations outside the Cohen Camps who may be called on to assist you.
SECURITY
The Cohen Camps takes the protection of our users’ information seriously, both on-line and off-line. When users are asked to enter sensitive information, such as credit card number, that information is encrypted using SSL software before it is sent to us. Furthermore, we take steps to protect the information we collect from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.  We believe in enforcement of this policy and if you believe your information has been used in violation of this policy or in any unlawful manner, please contact us by email at WebM@CohenCamps.org.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS (CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY ACT)
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the web sites who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail, call or write us using the contact information provided at the end of this Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice by updating this page and such revisions will be effective upon posting to this page. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this web site following the posting of any revisions to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
QUESTIONS
If you have questions about this Policy please contact us in one of the following ways:
Email: info@cohencamps.org
Phone: 781.489.2070
U.S. mail:  The Cohen Camps, 888 Worcester Street, Suite 350, Wellesley, MA  02482
Effective Date: October 1, 2013
Copyright © 2014 Eli and Bessie Cohen Camps.  All rights reserved.
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Let us help you choose!
Learn More
Save
Year-Round Office
888 Worcester Street, Suite 350
Wellesley, MA 02482
781.489.2070
info@cohencamps.org
Save
About UsPresident’s Welcome
Meet the Leadership
At Every Cohen Camp
Jewish Life & Values
Our Founding Vision
Alumni/ae Connections
Contact the Office
Camps & Programs3 Camps. Which is YOURS?
Tour / Try Camp for a Day
Camp Pembroke for girls
Camp Tel Noar
Camp Tevya
Let Us Help You Choose
Dor L’Dor Israel Experience
Kadima Teen Leadership
Tuition Offers
Ways to SupportYour Gift Matters
FY2020 Donor Honor Roll
Impact Reports
Support Kadima Teen Leadership
Join the Legacy Society
Stock, Monthly & Matching Gifts
Fundraise for Camp
Volunteer
Work HereJoin Our Staff
Hiring Approach & Process
Staff Life & FAQ
About Us
Camps & Programs
Ways to Support
Work Here
Contact the Office
Give 2 Camp
Enroll Now
linkedin
© 2014-2020 The Cohen Camps. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Website by 829 Studios.
Give by Check
Mailing a donation? Thank you!
Please make your check payable to “The Cohen Camps”
OR make it payable to your camp’s name if you prefer to direct your gift to that camp alone.
Please mail it to:
Barbara Stevens, Development Director
The Cohen Camps
888 Worcester Street, Suite 350
Wellesley, MA 02482
×