http://www.caravanparkphotos.com.au/privacy.htm
Toggle navigation
Caravan Park Photos
Contact us
Caravan Parks
Help
Sign in
Privacy Policy
This web site is managed and maintained by Townsend International Pty Ltd (ACN: 003 189 240) (townsendinternational.com.au). When you visit this web site, we record anonymous information about your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes - your server address, your top level domain name (for example, .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc), the date and time of visit to the site, the pages accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site visited and the type of browser used. This information is not specific to you and is used for system administration purposes, as well as statistical analysis. While anonymous information does not tell us anything about you specifically, it tells us about how you use our site.
Another type of anonymous information shared between your browser and our server is a cookie. A cookie is a small text file that a server places on your hard drive to identify that subsequent requests to a site have come from the same user. caravanparkphotos.com.au uses cookies to 'remember' your browser between page visits. In this situation, the cookie identifies your browser, not you personally. caravanparkphotos.com.au uses cookies on this web site to develop patterns of site usage.
No personal information is stored within caravanparkphotos.com.au's cookies. Click here for more information on Cookies.
No attempt is made by caravanparkphotos.com.au to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect caravanparkphotos.com.au's logs. This site collects some personally identifiable information, such as your name, address or gender. This information is not displayed on the site (without your express permission) and your identity is protected, and the onus is on you to disclose any relevant personal details. Any personal information collected by this site will not be sold or divulged to any third party without your permission. caravanparkphotos.com.au will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message or if you are required to enter an e-mail address to enable you to use the services provided by this site. This information will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose and will not disclose it without your consent.
External sites that are linked to or from caravanparkphotos.com.au's Internet site are not under our control and you are advised to review their privacy statement. Users should note there are inherent risks associated with transmission of information via the Internet. Therefore users should make their own assessment of the potential risks to the security of their information when making a decision as to whether or not they should utilise external sites that are linked to or from caravanparkphotos.com.au's Internet site.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Home
About Us
Advertise With Us
Author Profile
Blog
Business Listings
Caravan Parks
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Campgrounds
Free Camping
Get Listed
Golf Courses
Gold Awards
Privacy
Search
Tourist Attractions
User Feedback
Permission is granted to use copyright photos on this website subject to the following terms and conditions.