https://www.wynns.com.au/en-au/terms-and-conditions.html
Delivery included for members. Join now!
Country
Wishlist
Account
My Account
Logout
Log In
Terms & Conditions
The use of this website is governed by these terms and conditions, which may be amended by us from time to time. Every time you use this website, you acknowledge to us that you have read these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by them.
Age requirement
You may only use this website if you are aged 18 years or over or otherwise over the legal drinking age in your country of residence. You must immediately exit the website if you do not meet these requirements.
Intellectual property and restrictions on use of content
Unless expressly stated otherwise, all intellectual property rights appearing on this website (such as names, trademarks, logos and copyright material) are owned by us and/or our related companies. You must not use that intellectual property in any way whatsoever, except as expressly permitted by us in writing (or in the case of copyright material, as permitted by Australian and international copyright laws).
Transactions on our website
If you use this website to purchase goods from us, we may require that you open an account and that you create a username and password. You must keep your account username and password details confidential and secure at all times. You must not allow any other person to use your account, including any person under the age of 18. You are solely responsible for all activity that occurs on your account and must notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised access to or use of your account. Our  Conditions of Sale  govern any purchases you make from this website.
User content
You acknowledge that you have full responsibility for any content (including any remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or any other material) you send or post to this site. Such user content will not be treated as confidential and may be used by us in any way whatsoever in the future, including in any advertising. By submitting content, you grant us a licence to use that content in any way without payment or reference to you. You agree not to use this website to:
post content that you do not have the right to post, or that violates the intellectual property, confidentiality, privacy or other rights of any person or entity;
post content that is offensive, abusive, defamatory, discriminatory or false or misleading;
post advertising or promotional materials of any kind; or
post content that contains software viruses or anything harmful to this website or its content.
We reserve the right to edit or remove any user content at any time.
Privacy and Personal information
Any personal information submitted by you on this website is governed by our  Privacy Policy .
Items for download
Occasionally certain materials may be expressly made available by us for downloading from the website. Any use of such items are entirely at your own risk. Unless stated otherwise, we grant to you a personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive license to use the relevant items for your own personal use. You must not copy, communicate to the public, modify, reverse engineer, or otherwise transfer any right in them.
Links to Third Party Sites
There may be links to other websites or advertisements of goods and services available from other parties on our website. We are not responsible for those websites, their content or the goods and services available on them.
Saved Credit Cards
You can choose to make shopping with us more convenient by securely saving your credit card. Your credit card details will be saved using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology and encryption to increase safety. We don't display your full credit card details for your protection and you can update or remove your credit card at any time.
Competitions and promotions
This website may contain promotions in relation to our products or those of third parties. The terms and conditions for those promotions will be specified on the relevant part of the website. By participating in the relevant promotion you agree to be bound by the relevant terms and conditions.
Disclaimer
While we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that this website is accurate, the website and its contents are provided on an "as is" basis. To the maximum extent permitted by law, all warranties in respect of this website and the information contained in it (including the content of or use of this site, the security of your computer in accessing this site, computer viruses, the availability, uptime and security of this site, and the integrity of data accessed through this site) are excluded. We (including our related companies) are not liable for any loss or damage which you may suffer as a result of using this website. We reserve the right to revise the content of, or withdraw access to this website at any time without notice or liability to you.
The laws of Victoria, Australia, govern these Terms and Conditions. This website and its contents are owned by
Treasury Wine Estates Vintners Limited
ABN 55 004 094 599, of Level 8, 161 Collins Street Melbourne VIC 3000.
×
Log In
Member Log in
If you are a returning member visiting the new webste for the first time, click Forgot Password to reset your password.
Hi there,
In order to subscribe to a Wynns Wine Plan, you first need to log in, or register for an account with us.
Member Log in
Email Address
Password
Forgot password?
Log In
Or
Continue with Facebook
Not a member?
Join Gables Club to get at least 10% off online purchases, add wine plans, and much more!
Sign Up
Sign Up
Get 10% off online orders from Wynns
Create an account to receive 10% off your order and get free shipping on all orders Australia-wide.
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Date of Birth
DD/MM/YYYY
Post Code
Password
Back to Log In
Welcome, !
Thank you for creating an account with Wynns
You'll now receive 10% off your online orders and get free shipping on all online purchases Australia-wide.
Done
Forgotten your password?
Please enter your account email address below to reset your password.
Email Address
Reset Password
Back to Log In
Request received.
Back to Log In
Sorry about this...
To access our great new site we require you to reset your password.
Please check your email for your password reset instructions and you'll be back browsing in no time!
Having difficulty?
Contact us on 1300 768 074 between 9am-5pm AEST Monday to Friday. Read our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Terms of Sale.
You will be logged-out on changing the country.
Do you wish to continue?
Your cart will be emptied on changing the country.
Do you wish to continue?
Cancel
Yes