http://www.ratzrus.co.uk/privacy-policy.htm
Home
Rat
Guides
Community
Shop
Links
FAQ
Search
Contact
Current location: Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how 'Ratz R Us' uses and protects any information
that you give 'Ratz R Us' when you use this website.
'Ratz R Us' is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should
we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when
using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance
with this privacy statement.
'Ratz R Us' may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with
any changes. This policy is effective from 09/06/2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
contact information including email address
I.P. address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Replying to when you contact us.
Recording how many people are online at any one time, as well as the
maximum ever online.
To improve our products and services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent
unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic
and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect
online.
How we use cookies
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline
cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the
website. We will only place one cookie on your computer or mobile phone, and
this one only gets placed after you click the "Continue" button,
found at the top of every web page, to show your acceptance in the use of cookies.
This is a small cookie, which tells your browser that you have read our cookie
policy and agreed to it, and is meant to prevent your browser from showing
the banner again after acceptance. This cookie can be deleted through your
browser; it is set to expire after 999 days, whereupon the banner will be shown
again. The cookie itself does not store any information about you.
Affiliate Ads
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email
address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to
you.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest
easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should
note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we
cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which
you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this
privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement
applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties
unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete,
please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information
found to be incorrect.
Stats
Bookmark Us
Affiliates
YouTube Pet Rat Videos
Copyright © Ratz R Us 2001 - 2020. All rights reserved
. Terms
of Use | Privacy
Policy | Site
Map.
Designed by Manic
Web
Cookies
in Use