http://www.fountainpennetwork.com/forum/privacypolicy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
The Fountain Pen Network Messages
Dearest Visitors of the Fountain Pen Nuthouse,
Registration with automated checks is working again, with the introduction of our upgraded site!
You may do so here: https://www.fountainpennetwork.com/forum/?_fromLogout=1
Warm regards, The FPN Admin Team
Privacy Policy
We are The Fountain Pen Network, hereafter referred to as FPN, we, us and FPN’s or our. We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
Information we may hold about you
Data we collect and process include:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as completed fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You create an account in our store.
You browse this site. See our "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields in your profile.
Use of your personal information
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site. Your email address is never publicly visible.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Your profile info is only visible to registered members, who are logged in. IOW, bots cannot see your personal information.
Other uses of your personal information
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, and which you have indicated you’d like to receive, we may occasionally wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Log files
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web server(s). Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web server(s).
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie Policy
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. These cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set further down below our Contact Info.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data from public view, or completely as long as this is compliant with laws and regulations. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you may contact the site owner:
Wim Geeraets
The Fountain Pen Network
Email: fpnadmin@gmail.com
Detailed Cookie Policy
This section discusses how cookies are used by this site. If you continue to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your web browser at the request of a site you're viewing. This allows the site you're viewing to remember things about you, such as your preferences and history or to keep you logged in.
Cookies may be stored on your computer for a short time (such as only while your browser is open) or for an extended period of time, even years. Cookies not set by this site will not be accessible to us.
Our cookie usage
This site uses cookies for numerous things, including:
Registration and maintaining your preferences. This includes ensuring that you can stay logged in and keeping the site in the language or appearance that you requested.
Analytics. This allows us to determine how people are using the site and improve it.
Advertising cookies (possibly third-party). If this site displays advertising, cookies may be set by the advertisers to determine who has viewed an ad or similar things. These cookies may be set by third parties, in which case this site has no ability to read or write these cookies.
Other third-party cookies for things like Facebook or Twitter sharing. These cookies will generally be set by the third-party independently, so this site will have no ability to access them.
Standard cookies we set
The main cookies we set during normal operation of the software stores the current ID of your session and stores a key, unique to you, which allows us to keep you logged in to the software as you navigate from page to page.
Additional cookies and those set by third parties
Additional cookies may be set during the use of the site to remember information as certain actions are being performed, or remembering certain preferences.
Other cookies may be set by third party service providers which may provide information such as tracking anonymously which users are visiting the site, or set by content embedded into some pages, such as YouTube or other media service providers.
Removing/disabling cookies
Managing your cookies and cookie preferences must be done from within your browser's options/preferences. Here is a list of guides on how to do this for popular browser software:
• Microsoft Internet Explorer
• Microsoft Edge
• Mozilla Firefox
• Google Chrome
• Safari for macOS
• Safari for iOS
More information about cookies
To learn more about cookies, and find more information about blocking certain types of cookies, please visit the ICO website Cookies page.
The Fountain Pen Network, Bornedaal 25, Maastricht, Limburg, 6228 GZ
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
Calendar
Blogs
Downloads
Gallery
Guidelines
Staff
Activity
Back
All Activity
Search
Store
Back
Store
Support
Back
Pages
Chatbox
Classifieds
Back
×
Create New...