http://www.tonyentwistlesflyfishing.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Tony
Blog
Our Fishing
Guiding
Guided Options
Guiding Rates
Available Dates
Photos & Videos
Photo Gallery 2018-19 Season
Photo Gallery 2017-18 Season
Photo Gallery 2016-17 Season
Sabbatical Year 2015-16
Photo Gallery 2014-15 Season
Photo Gallery 2013-14 Season
Photos Gallery 2012-13 Season
Trophy Trout Photo Gallery
Videos
Links
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing, we understand and respect the importance of your privacy. This privacy policy explains how Rod and Gun Shop Ltd, a New Zealand registered company that trades as Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing (‘we’ or ‘us’) collects, stores, uses, and discloses any personal information that you provide to us when using this website.
Information we collect
Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing requires your personal information only in limited circumstances when you:
Make an enquiry or reservation from our website, by email, by telephone or via a third party,
Subscribe to our newsletter,
Provide feedback or report a problem with this website.
You may decide not to provide your personal information to us. However, if you do not provide it, we may not be able to provide you with certain information or services.
Automated collection
When you visit, navigate through and interact with this website, cookies collect and store certain information about your visit. Please see the Cookie Use Statement for more information on the types of such technology that we use and the purposes we use them for. If you disable cookies it may limit your access to some of the website’s content and features. You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our website, but your experience may be affected.
Social Media
Our website includes social media features such as the Facebook, YouTube, Instagram. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you visit on our site, and how long for. If you’re a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other personal information. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it and to the maximum extent permitted by law we are not responsible for the actions of those third parties.
How your information is used:
We will not use or disclose your personal information except in accordance with applicable privacy laws.  We may use your personal information to:
Verify your identity and to assist you fulfil the bookings you have made through our website,
Manage any other requests we receive from you,
Assist with any of the services we provide to you via the Internet; e.g. secure payment options,
Communicate with you on any offers or information which are likely to interest you.
We must have a legal basis to process your personal information. Having obtained your consent to collect and use certain types of personal information you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details at the end of this privacy notice or using any other specific mechanism we notify you of.
We will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties. Your personal information will be made available internally for the above purposes and we may also disclose your personal information to trusted third parties or subcontractors, who have agreed to treat your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy, for similar purposes. Because we operate internationally, the recipients referred to above may be located outside the jurisdiction in which you are located. Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in New Zealand and other countries that are regarded as ensuring an adequate level of protection for personal information under European Union law. To the extent we transfer your information to any other country we will put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. Contact us using the details at the end of this privacy notice if you would like a copy of our safeguards in such circumstance.
We will only use or disclose personal information that you have provided to us, or which we have obtained about you for the above-mentioned purposes, or:
If you have authorised us to do so,
If we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for national security in the performance of their functions,
If we believe that the use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce any legal rights we may have, or is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of us, our customers, or others,
If we are authorised, required or permitted by law to disclose the information.
We will not disclose your data to any other third parties except where it is necessary for the purposes of fulfilling any bookings, purchases or requests that you make on the telephone, website, or through one of our team members or as otherwise described in this policy. We may be required to disclose your information if required by any applicable law or regulation. We may also disclose your data to third parties and professional advisers acting on our behalf and who are obliged to keep that data confidential.
Storage and security
Personal information collected on this website is collected and held by Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing. We will take reasonable efforts to protect personal information that is held by us from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.  We will keep your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you. Once our relationship with you has come to an end, we will retain your personal information for a period of time that enables us to maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes.  We will delete your personal information when it is no longer required for these purposes. If there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of the data.
Third party advertising and links to websites
This website contains hyperlinks to third party websites. Some of these links may request or record information from users or use cookies or other methods to collect information from you. We have no control over and are not responsible for the content of such websites, or for the manner in which those websites collect, hold, use, and distribute any personal information you provide. When visiting a third party website from hyperlinks displayed on this website, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of those websites so that you can understand how the personal information you provide will be will collected, held, used and distributed.
Your Rights
You have certain rights regarding your personal information, subject to applicable law. These include rights in certain circumstances to:
access your personal information
have inaccurate personal data rectified, blocked, erased or destroyed
erase your personal information (right to be forgotten)
restrict our use of your personal information (including prevent processing for the purpose of direct marketing)
object to our use of your personal information (including objecting to decisions being taken by automated means)
receive your personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability)
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
If you would like to discuss or exercise such rights, please contact us at enty@gmail.com
To ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current, please notify us of any changes to your personal information as soon as possible.
If you have a complaint or concern regarding your personal information and privacy, we would like to work with you to obtain a fair resolution. Please contact us using the details at the end of this privacy notice.  But if you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to make a complaint to your local data protection authority.
Angler Data
Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing collects personal information about anglers when a booking is made. This information is only used to fulfil booking and other requests and for administrative purposes and internal analyses.
Collecting and Sharing Messages, Content and Information
Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing will not sell any of your information to any external company or person.
Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing reserves the right to store any of your information on local servers or via cloud services (e.g. MailChimp). We are not responsible for encrypting any of your information for any reason or responsible if your information is leaked due to a cyber attack or due to errors made by its employees.
Credit Card Information
Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing recommends only sharing your credit card information over media which are not likely to result in the information being digitally stored.
The use of the GetPaid app for secure credit card payments does not result in your credit card details being stored by Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing or Westpac Bank.
If you share your credit card information over email, or any other media that may cause it to be stored on local or cloud based servers, Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing is not obligated to destroy the credit card information. If you wish us to destroy any credit card information that you believe may be stored on a local or cloud server that Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing uses, please inform us of the information you would like destroyed and where it is being stored.
Tony Entwistle’s Fly Fishing exercises a moral duty of care to ensure your credit card information is stored, shared and used carefully, however, we are not responsible if your credit card information is leaked due to a cyber attack or due to errors made by its employees.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update or revise this privacy policy at any time. Changes to this privacy policy will take effect immediately once published on this website.  Please check this privacy policy regularly for modifications and updates.
Contact Details
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or any other related matter, please feel free to contact us.
If you wish us to stop sending you newsletters or details of other offers and promotions please email us; you can reach us by contacting us at enty10@gmail.com
This privacy policy was last updated on 26 June 2018.
Scroll
Copyright © 2020 Tony Entwistle's New Zealand Fly Fishing | Privacy Policy | Cookie Use | Website by baby-e | Log in
We use cookies to provide you with a better experience on this site. Keep browsing if you're happy with this. We also use cookies to show you the best of New Zealand on other platforms.
See our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy to understand how you can manage cookies.Ok