http://www.mvsurfcasters.org/privacy.aspx
You are here:
Home
Search
|  Login
Martha's Vineyard
Surfcasters Association
P.O. Box 3053
Edgartown, MA 02539
designed by:
Home
Our Blog
The Club
MVSA Derby Accomplishments2020 In-House Derby2019 In-House Derby2018 In-House Derby2017 In-House Derby2016 In-House Derby2015 In-House Derby2014 In-House Derby2013 In-House Derby2012 In-House Derby2011 In-House Derby2010 In-House Derby
Fishing InfoIsland InfoConservationAdvocacyPhotosContact Us
Privacy Statement
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing). This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing)
does not read any of your private online communications.
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing)
and Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) collects and uses your personal information to operate the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing)
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) and its affiliates. Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing)
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing), and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing), in order to determine what Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing); and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing), or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) pages, or
register with Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) site or services, a cookie helps Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing)
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing)
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Martha's Vineyard Surfcasters Association (Martha's Vineyard Fishing) at support@kbtechnical.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Home   |   The Club   |   Fishing Info   |   Island Info   |   Conservation   |   Advocacy   |   Photos   |   Contact Us
Privacy Statement
|  Terms Of Use
|  powered by: KB Technical, LLC
Copyright 2010 - 2019 by MVSA