https://www.fikardoswines.com.cy/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Awards
Wines
Classic Wines
Medium Sweet Wines
Premium Wines
Limited Edition Premium Wines
Winery Tour
Vineyards
Winemaking in Cyprus
Cyprus Wine History
Indigenous grape varieties of Cyprus
International grape varieties
Blog
Gallery
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE:
1.1 Purpose of this privacy policy:
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how we collect and processes your personal data through your use of www.fikardoswines.com.cy including any data you may provide through this website when you register as a user and/or purchase a product.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
This privacy policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use of the Site
1.2 Controller:
FIKARDOS DISTILLERIES LTD is the controller and responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have not appointed a data protection officer (DPO) responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us using the details set out below.
1.3 Contact Details:
Trade Name: Fikardos Winery
Email: info@fikardoswines.com.cy
Postal address: 22 Michalaki Savvidi, Mesoyi. P.C 8280
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection (CPDP), the Cyprus supervisory authority for data protection issues. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the CPDP so please contact us in the first instance.
1.4 Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes:
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we may unilaterally change it from time to time.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
1.5 Third-Party links:
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU:
2.1 Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of the services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses where applicable.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
2.2 Failure to provide your personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods). In this case, we may have to cancel an order you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through direct interaction where you provide us with your personal data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise or via automated technologies or interactions or through third parties such as analytics providers, advertising networks, search information providers or publicly available sources. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
We will use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Your consent will be requested before providing any third party your information for direct marketing communications via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data.
MARKETING:
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We may use the personal data you provided us to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, if you have registered as a user and/or purchased products from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
OPTING OUT:
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE:
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
We may share your personal data with the internal or external parties including service providers, professional advisers, regulators and/or other authorities.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS:
We do not intend to transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
In the case that we deem necessary to do so, we ensure a similar degree of protection to the one applicable in the EEA is afforded to it.
DATA SECURITY:
Appropriate security measures are in place to safeguard your personal data. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
DATA RETENTION:
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS:
Appropriate security measures are in place to safeguard your personal data. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
12.1 Your rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data, request correction of the personal data that we hold about you, request erasure of your personal data, object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) but for some reason you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms, request restriction of processing of your personal data, request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party, withdraw consent at any time.
12.2 No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
12.3 What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
12.4 Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Opening Hours Monday – Friday 08:00-13:00 and 14:30-17:00 Saturday 08:00-13:00
Bookings are recommended to avoid overcrowding (COVID-19 measures)
Connect P:+357-26949814
E:info@fikardoswines.com.cy
Official sales and distribution representative in Cyprus,  Senaga Trading LTD
Information
Cancellation & Return
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Supply
© 2020. Fikardos All Rights Reserved.
Website Design by G.K Progress I.T.C Services Ltd
MENU
Home
About Us
Awards
Wines
Classic Wines
Medium Sweet Wines
Premium Wines
Limited Edition Premium Wines
Winery Tour
Vineyards
Winemaking in Cyprus
Cyprus Wine History
Indigenous grape varieties of Cyprus
International grape varieties
Blog
Gallery
Contact