https://www.rahapaja.fi/en/legal-notice/
Services for central banks and mints
Coins and blanks
Security enhancement
Specification and materials analysis
Design
Vendor managed inventory
Services for coin collectors
List of Finnish Collector coins
Finnish 2 € special coins
Stories of commemorative coins
Corporate responsibility
Corporate responsibility report 2019
Previous annual reports and CSR reports
Ethical Guidelines
Mint of Finland
Mint of Finland’s blog
Newsroom
Corporate Governance
Mint of Finland’s story
Mint of Finland GmbH
Working in Mint of Finland
Privacy
Contact us
Legal notice
Front page / Legal notice
Thank you for visiting www.suomenrahapaja.fi (the “Site”). These terms and conditions apply to the entire content and use of the Site.
The Site is operated by Mint of Finland Ltd., P.O. Box 100/Suokallionkuja 4, FI-01741 Vantaa, Finland, hereinafter referred to as “Mint of Finland“. By accessing the Site you agree to the following terms and conditions. You must not access this Site if you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions.
Intellectual Property Rights
All right, title and interest (including without limitation copyright and other intellectual property rights) in and to all materials on the Site (including without limitation logos, trademarks, designs, text, photographs and graphical images) are owned by Suomen Rahapaja Oy. Neither title or license to use intellectual property rights are transferred to you by access to or use of the Site. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Modification of site
Mint of Finland reserves the right to change or modify this Site or withdraw access to it at any time with or without notice.
Disclaimer
The contents of this Site are provided on “as is” and “as available” basis. The use of any information, tools and services on this Site shall be executed on the user’s sole responsibility and Mint of Finland makes no representations or warranties to the accuracy or functionality of such information, tools or services. Except as required by applicable law no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, is made in relation to the availability, accuracy, reliability or content of the Site.
Limitation of liability
Except as required by applicable law Mint of Finland shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, lost profits or for business interruption arising out of the use of or inability to use this service, even if Mint of Finland has been advised of such damages. Mint of Finland shall not be liable for any inaccuracies, delays or failures contained in this Site, and shall not be obligated to notify users when information has been updated. Mint of Finland is not responsible for any loss or damage that is caused by your reliance on any data or services contained in this Site or data that the user has input into this Site.
Links
Mint of Finland assumes no responsibility and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever for material created or published by third parties that this Site has a link to.
Submissions
The Mint of Finland Privacy Policy web page discloses how Mint of Finland will maintain and use any personal data provided by you when visiting this Site (link to Privacy Policy page). For all other submission of information or content by you, the following terms apply.
By submitting information or material (such as feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, orders, requests or the like) to Mint of Finland, for example by e-mail or via this Site, you agree that Suomen Rahapaja Oy will not be required to treat such material as confidential, and will not be liable for any use whatsoever or disclosure of the material, and need not provide any compensation, consideration or acknowledgement for the material. You agree not to submit any material that is, or may be regarded as, infringing, unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or that may constitute or encourage criminal or unlawful conduct, or material containing spam or advertising content. You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you send, and you have full responsibility for such material, including its legality, reliability, and originality.
The user shall take all reasonable measures to ensure that any material submitted by him/her does not contain viruses or other destructive features.
7. Governing law
These terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Finland. Disputes arising in connection with these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Finnish courts.