http://www.handplane.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Handplane Central
Hand planes, Stanley planes, infill planes & planemaking
Menu
Home
Hand Plane Events
Library Resources
Advertisements & Brochures
Catalog Reproductions
General Handplane Information
Hand Plane Patents
Magazine & Newspaper Articles
Stat Sheets
Planemaking
Making Hand Planes
Plans & Diagrams
Planemaking Tips & Tricks
Restoring & Repairing Planes
Tutorials
Collecting Hand Planes
Reviews
Book Reviews
DVD & Video Reviews
Handplane Accessories
Handplane Reviews
Website Reviews
Using Planes
Aids, Jigs & Devices
General Handplane Use
Handplane Basics
Interviews & Profiles
Interviews
Profiles
DID YOU KNOW…Need help in identifying a particular hand plane or just want to ask a general question about planemaking, collecting or using handplanes? Sign up to our Handplane Forum and we’ll do our best to help you out. You can even find us on Twitter and Facebook too.
Privacy Policy For Handplane Central
The privacy of our visitors to Handplane Central is important to us.
At Handplane Central, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit Handplane Central, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on Handplane Central to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program and Google’s DART cookie) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). It should be added that you can easily opt out of Google’s DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Share this:FacebookTwitterPinterestTumblr
Site Last Updated
Wednesday, July 29, 2020
POLL
What would you like to see more of on Handplane Central?
Reviews
Tutorials
Tips & Tricks
Plans
Interviews
View Results
Loading ...
NAVIGATION LINKS Home
Site Index
Stanley Planes
Forums
Planemaker Gallery
Handplane Marketplace
Links
Most Popular Pages
The Ancient Roman Plane Of Yorkshire Wolds
The Ancient Roman Plane Of Yorkshire Wolds - Plane…
Stanley 1902 Catalog
Stanley No. 5-1/2 Jack Plane
Stanley No. 71 Router Plane
A Brief History Of The Woodworking Plane
Stanley No. 8 Jointer Plane
Stanley No. 110 Block Plane
Stanley No. 45 Combination Plane
Stanley No. 3 Smooth Plane
FEATURED BOOKS
Search for:
Beeline DesignSTAY INFORMED
FEATURED SITE RECORD-PLANES.COMIncluding price guides on allRecord Planes & Spokeshaves
FEATURED BOOKS
Copyright © 1998 -
Handplane Central
Home | Contact | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Log in