https://www.sailingdirections.com/privacy-policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Sailing Directions website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive information via email or phone. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing a booking only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that reservation.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to send the requested information. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
Google Adwords
We use Google Adwords and other services to show ads on sites across the Internet.
Google can use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 877 669 2248 or send us an email at info@sailingdirections.com