https://www.beavers-uniform.co.uk/privacy
This page contains information about our privacy policy
0333 355 4008
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Beavers Uniform
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Categories
Customer Service
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Gift Vouchers
Newsletter
Returns
Affiliates
Specials
Information
About Us
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Billing and Payments
Terms & Conditions
Returns Policy
GDPR Request
GDPR Forget
Brands
Site Map
Contact Us
Beavers Uniform
iBlog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SECURITY / PCI COMPLIANCE
A&N Trading Limited complies with PCI regulations governing the storing and handling of credit card and customer sensitive materials.
All data captured via the website is encrypted with SSL encryption to pass it to our payment processors.
All credit card information is not stored at A&N Trading Limited premises. Our staff do not have access to your credit card information.
Our payment processors are themselves PCI compliant.
DATA PROCESSING
Personal information will only be collected with your consent. Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details you provide to us which identify you as an individual) will be processed by us.
We will use your information for the purpose of administering our relationship with you, such as; fulfilling orders placed by you; processing any other transactions authorised by you; informing you of special offers; undertaking product or customer research/development and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest. If you do not wish to receive any marketing information you may request that your details are excluded from any promotional activity by sending an e-mail to enquiries@localschooluniform.co.uk. Your personal information shall not be used for any other purposes and shall not be disclosed to any other organisations.Business privacy policy – A&N Trading LimitedThis privacy policy sets out how A&N Trading Limited uses and protects
any information that you give. The websites operated by A&N Trading Limited
are -www.rainbows-uniform.co.ukwww.brownies-uniform.co.ukwww.beavers-uniform.co.ukwww.cubs-uniform.co.ukwww.guides-uniform.co.uk.A&N Trading Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is
protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only
be used in accordance with this privacy statement.A&N Trading Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating
this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are
happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.What we collectWe may collect the following
information:name and jobtitlecontact
information including email addressdemographic
information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother
information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the
information we gatherWe require this information to
understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular
for the following reasons:Internal
record keeping.We
may use the information to improve our products and services.We
may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other
information which we think you may find interesting using the email address
which you have provided. From
time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market
research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use
the information to customise the website according to your interests.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that
your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or
disclosure, we
have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which
asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the
file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when
you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you
as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs,
likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to
identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page
traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We
only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data
is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide
you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find
useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share
with us. You can choose to accept or
decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to
other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave
our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other
website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of
any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are
not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at
the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal
informationYou may choose to restrict the
collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:·
whenever
you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can
click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody
for direct marketing purposes·
if
you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct
marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or
emailing us at enquiries@localschooluniform.co.ukWe will not sell, distribute or
lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission
or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send
you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find
interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of
personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act
1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information
held on you please write to A&N Trading Limited, PO Box 12165,
Sawbridgeworth. CM21 1AWIf you believe
that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please
write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will
promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Information
About Us
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Billing and Payments
Terms & Conditions
Returns Policy
GDPR Request
GDPR Forget
Customer Service
Contact Us
GDPR / Privacy Tools
Returns
Site Map
Extras
Brands
Gift Vouchers
Affiliates
Specials
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Newsletter
© A&N Trading 2020