https://www.gliding.co.uk/terms-conditions
Club Finder
Sailplane & Gliding
Junior Gliding
Shop
Gallery
Contact
British Gliding Team
Club Login
Try Gliding
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, together with our privacy policy which governs the British Gliding Association’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘British Gliding Association’, ‘BGA’, ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website, the British Gliding Association Limited, whose registered office is 8 Merus Court, Meridian Business Park, Leicester, LE19 1RJ. Our company registration number is 422605 England. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
1. General
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by the British Gliding Association Limited (‘the BGA’) and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the BGA. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the BGA takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
2. Copyright
This website and its content is copyright of the BGA – © British Gliding Association Limited, 2002-2012. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
Individuals and BGA member clubs may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for their personal and non-commercial use only
Individuals and BGA member clubs may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Payment
Orders will not be despatched until paid in full and will be deleted if not paid within 10 days.
Payment may be made online using a debit or credit card (Visa and Mastercard). Details of your credit or debit card account will be passed to the appropriate banking service but will not be held on our servers.If you would prefer to pay by cheque or would prefer not to pay online by card, you can post your cheque to the British Gliding Association, 8 Merus Court, Meridian Business Park, Leicester, LE19 1RJ or telephone your card details to 0116 289 2956.
Once any work has been carried out (i.e. products despatched or services rendered), no refund will be given except where the goods or services are not as described, of satisfactory quality or fit for purpose.
About Gliding
What is gliding?
What does it cost?
When can you glide?
Where can you glide?
Who can glide?
Try Gliding
Buy a Voucher
Become a pilot
Redeem a Voucher
Member Area
BGA
About the BGA
Organisation
Executive Committee
Awards
Past Chairmen
Club Finder
Sailplane & Gliding
Junior Gliding
Shop
Press
Gallery
Contact
British Gliding Team
Login
Our website uses cookies to provide insights and to ensure you get the best experience whilst visiting.
Learn more
Accept & Close
Newsletter Signup
Members
Email
We respect your privacy. Please see our privacy policy for further details.