http://www.state.nj.us/transportation/legal/
Back
to top
Department of Transportation
NJDOT
NJDOT
About NJDOT
About - Home
Contact Us (NJDOT)
Asset Management
Commissioner of Transportation
Commitment to Communities
Directions
Directory
Employment Opportunities
Executive Staff
Highway Safety
Inspector General
Mission Statement
Organization Chart
News Releases
NJDOT 50th Anniversary
Publications
Statutory Authority/Rules & Regulations
Videos, YouTube
Winter Readiness
NJCommuter
Traveler Info - Home
511 NJ Travel Info
Aviation
Biking in New Jersey
Bus & Train Schedules
Cameras
Complete Streets
Construction Updates
Drawbridge Schedules
Motorist Assistance
Pedestrian Safety
Pothole / Maintenance Reporting
Ridesharing
Community Programs
Community Programs - Home
Clean Up NJ!
Context Sensitive Design
Local Aid and Economic Development/Grants
NJFIT: Future In Transportation
Public Meetings
Safe Routes to School/Grants
Scenic Byways
Transit Village Initiative
In the Works
In the Works - Home
Freight Planning
Liberty Corridor
Long Range Transportation Plan
Maritime Pilot & Docking Commission
Maritime Resources
NJFIT: Future In Transportation
Our Projects & the Environment
Engineering
Engineering - Home
Announcements
Construction and Materials
Design
Drawings
Electrical
Forms
Markout Requests
Manuals
Operations
Permits and Licenses
Policy
Procedures
Projects
Specifications
Superseded
Vendor/Contractor Assistance
Capital Program
Capital Program - Home
Annual Obligation Reports
Annual Transportation Capital Program (Public Law 2013, Chapter 252)
Capital Program Documents
Capital Project Delivery
Electronic Statewide Transportation Improvement Program 2020 - 2029
Statewide Transportation Improvement Program 2020 - 2029
Transportation Capital Program 2021
Transportation Trust Fund Authority
Multimodal/Freight
Freight, Air and Water - Home
Aviation
Fixed Guideway
Freight Planning
Liberty Corridor
Maritime Pilot & Docking Commission
Maritime Resources
Multimodal Grants and Programs
Rail
Trucking
Doing Business
Doing Business - HOME
AASHTOWare Project Software
Americans with Disabilities / Section 504
Audit
Awarded Projects
Before You Dig
Capital Project Delivery
Civil Rights Affirmative Action
Design Services
Directory
Inspector General
Intelligent Transportation Systems
Local Aid & EconomicDevelopment / Grants
Mobility and Systems Engineering
NonProfit Information
Outdoor Advertising
Permits Information
Highway Access Permits
Wireless Permits
Planned Advertisements(six-months)
Procurement
Research
Right of Way
Food, Gas, Lodging and Tourism Signs
Traffic Camera Video Log Request
Vendor Help
References
Reference - Home
Crash Records
CADD Support
County Road Sidewalk Inventory
Geographic Information Systems
Long Range Transportation Plan
Open Public Records Act
Research
Research Library
Roadway Information & Traffic Monitoring System Program
Roadway Videolog
Soil Borings
Statutory Authority/Rules & Regulations
Straight Line Diagrams
Traffic Camera Video Log Request
Traffic Regulations
Helpful Links
Community Links
Commuter Links
Construction Links
Engineering Links
Planning Links
Reference Links
Neogov
Legal Statement
Conditions of Use Notice
Thank you for visiting New Jersey Department of Transportation's Web
site and reviewing our Use Policy. You should also be aware that the Department
of Transportation has a Privacy Notice,
also available on this Web site. By visiting this Web site, you are accepting
the policies and practices described in this Notice. This Notice covers
the following topics:
Section A. Information Disclaimer
Section B. Links to Other Sites
Section C. Endorsement Disclaimer
Section D. Intrusion Detection
Disclosure
Section E. Copyright and Trademark
Limitations
Section F. Seal of the State of New
Jersey
Section G. Unauthorized Modifications
Please note that this
Use Policy is subject to change without notice, and that it reflects the
state's current business practices.
Section A. Information Disclaimer
The New Jersey Department of Transportation makes great effort to provide
secure, accurate and complete information on this Web site. However, portions
of the information contained in this site may be incorrect or not current.
Any errors or omissions should be reported for investigation.
The Department of Transportation, its officers, employees or agents
shall not be liable for damages or losses of any kind arising out of or
in connection with the use or performance of information, including but
not limited to, damages or losses caused by reliance upon the accuracy
or timeliness of any such information, or damages incurred from the viewing,
distributing, or copying of those materials.
The materials and information provided on this Web site are provided
"as is." No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory,
including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third
party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents
of this Web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources.
Section B. Links to Other Sites
The Department of Transportation's Web site and materials may contain hypertext
or links to other Internet computer sites, which are not owned, operated,
controlled or reviewed by the department. These links are provided solely
as a courtesy and convenience to you, the visitor.
The New Jersey Department of Transportation, its officers or employees,
exercise no control over the organizations, views, accuracy, copyright
or trademark, compliance or the legality of the material contained on
those servers and do not sponsor, endorse, or approve the information,
content, proceeds, materials, opinions or services contained on such external
sites. The visitor proceeds to those external sites at their own risk.
The Department of Transportation specifically disclaims any and all liability
from damages, which may result from the accessing of a third-party site,
which is linked to the Department of Transportation's Web site, or from
reliance upon only such information.
Section C. Endorsement Disclaimer
Reference in this Web site to any specific commercial products, processes,
or services, or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation name is for the
information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement,
recommendation, or favoring by the department, or it's officers, employees
or agents.
Section D. Intrusion Detection Disclosure
All State of New Jersey computer systems are subject to monitoring at all
times to assure proper functioning of the systems, to provide security for
the computer system's operation and information contained therein, to prevent
unauthorized use, and to deter and investigate violations of law. There
is no reasonable expectation of privacy in the use of this Web site.
Section E. Copyright and Trademark Limitations
The Department of Transportation has made the content of these pages available
to the public and anyone may view, copy or distribute department information
found here without obligation to the department, unless otherwise stated
on particular material or information to which a restriction on free use
may apply. However, the Department of Transportation makes no warranty that
materials contained herein are free of Copyright or Trademark claims or
other restrictions or limitations on free use or display. Making a copy
of such material may be subject to the copyright of trademark laws.
Section F. Seal of the State of New Jersey
Use and display of the Seal of the State of New Jersey and the seals and
logos of the Department of Transportation are restricted by law and may
be used only as authorized by the law of the State of New Jersey.
Section G. Unauthorized Modifications
Unauthorized attempts to modify or modifications of any information stored
on the New Jersey Department of Transportation's Web pages may result in
criminal prosecution.
Last updated date:
June 5, 2020 1:50 PM