http://www.lappavalley.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Your browser is no longer supported. Please
upgrade your browser
to improve your experience.
down-arrowfacebookinstagram“Group 4Group 2Group 5tripadvisortwitter
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors. This policy sets out how Lappa Valley Steam Railway (company number 1139390) will treat your personal information.
How we use and protect your data (our privacy policy)
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@lappavalley.co.uk
How we use your data
We will only use personal data in one of three ways:
To respond to queries, as submitted through our contact email address;
To maintain an updated list of customers;
To maintain and use an updated mailing list addresses, for the dissemination of Lappa Valley related information such as forthcoming events, etc
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you complete a purchase, visit our attraction, attend an event, contact us and visit our website.
What type of information is collected from you?
In running and operating this website, we may collect and process certain data and information relating to you and your use of this site. Your privacy is important to us and we confirm that we will never release your personal details to any third party for their mailing or marketing purposes.
If you make a payment to us, your card information is not held by us, it is collected by our third-party payment processors, who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including but not limited to (where available), your IP address, operating system and browser type for administration purposes and to produce internal reports. This is statistical data relating to a web user’s browsing actions and patterns and does not specifically identify you as an individual.
How is your information used?
We may use your information:
To ensure that the content on the site is presented in the most efficient way for you and the computer that you are using.
To notify you about any changes to our website, including improvements, and service or product changes.
To send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
For our internal purposes including statistical or survey purposes, quality control, site performance and evaluation in order to improve our website.
If you consent, to notify you of updates or events that may be of interest to you.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties. We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process payments and sending you email).
How do I opt out?
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. We will not contact you unless you have opted in. If then, you no longer want to receive direct marketing communications from us, then you can change your preferences or completely unsubscribe in the following ways:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘change preferences’ link at the bottom of marketing emails sent to you.
Email info@lappavalley.co.ukand we will process your request within 10 working days.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. Consent is inferred by either selecting the tick box on a form or entering your email address into our newsletter email capture on our website.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the Lappa Valley Steam Railway websites uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. Cookies are sometimes used to improve the website experience of a visitor to a website.
It is possible to switch off cookies by adjusting your browser preferences or using a dedicated browser extension.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
Third party processing
Where your data is processed by any third party on behalf of Lappa Valley Steam Railway that third party is a processor under the GDPR. We confirm that we take steps in order to ensure that this data is processed lawfully under the law in accordance with each agreement that we have in place with each processor.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Privacy Policy is v1.0 and was last updated 10 May 2018.
Sign up to our Newsletter
We’d love to keep in touch with you about our news, events and special offers. If you’re interested in hearing from us on email, please sign up to receive our newsletter below. We promise you will only receive information from Lappa Valley, and we will only send you an email every few weeks.
Please sign me up to your newsletter and treat my details with respect in line with your privacy policy.