https://www.carpoolworld.com/legal.html
Individuals
Organizations
Businesses
Hospitals
Universities
Schools
Military Bases
Municipalities
Clubs
Events
Sign Up
Login
Safety, privacy, and terms of use agreement
Our website is made possible by displaying online advertisements to our visitors.Please consider supporting us by disabling your ad blocker.
This web site will introduce you to new people.You must ensure your own personal safety.
1. Overview
CarpoolWorld.com provides a service that enables you to contact and meet new people who may have similar transportation needs.
This is a legal agreement between you, the user,
and Planète Covoiturage inc. / CarpoolWorld inc. doing business as CarpoolWorld (CPW).
By using this web site you agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and accept that we have no responsibility for your safety.
By using this web site you acknowledge your acceptance of all of the terms of use described herein.
If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, do not use this site or any of its services.
The terms and conditions of use are subject to change at any time.
Your use of the services after such changes constitutes acceptance of the changes.
Please read below for details.
2. Eligibility
You must be 18 years of age or older to use
CarpoolWorld.
You may not use CarpoolWorld where it is prohibited.
By using this site, you consent to have us provide your information to the other users of
CarpoolWorld, as described below, to help you find people to share your transportation.
CarpoolWorld confirms email addresses with a confirmation code. If your email address is registered on
CarpoolWorld, it means that you or someone else with access to your email account has confirmed your trip information.
By using this web site you acknowledge that
CarpoolWorld is not responsible for ascertaining who actually controls the email accounts used in our system.
By using this site and accepting the Agreement and the Terms of Use, you represent and warrant that you have not been convicted of a felony and are not required to register as such or as a sex offender with any governmental agency.
CPW does not conduct criminal background screenings on its users.If another person has posted your personal information, such as address, phone#, email address, or other, on this web site, then please contact us immediately and we will remove the offending information. There is nothing more we can do and we do not accept any liability whatsoever for this type of problem.
3. Availability
Carpoolworld.com uses standard Internet technology and practices to ensure the availability and reliability of its web site and to protect the security of the information stored in it.
Unfortunately however, disruptions are always possible as a result of accidents or intentional interference.
In no event are
CarpoolWorld or its operators liable for any injuries or losses by any party related to the use of this web site.
By using the services offered in this site, you agree to assume the risk when using the services described herein including, but not limited to, all of the risks associated with any online or offline interactions or associations with other users.
You agree to take all precautions necessary prior to and while utilizing the services offered herein.
You also agree to read the safety section below which offers safety suggestions.
4. Safety
CarpoolWorld cannot and does not ensure the lawful behavior of the people exchanging information through its web site. You take full responsibility for ensuring your personal safety when interacting with other people whom you meet through
CarpoolWorld. Although we have no specific qualifications to advise you on issues of personal safety, the following practices are suggested as examples and illustrations of actions you could take to ensure your personal safety:
You do not have to disclose your actual home address, work address, or phone numbers, and you do not even have to disclose your permanent email address to other users of
CarpoolWorld.
Your initial face-to-face contact with new people should be in a common, populated, public location.
Record the driver's license and car registration information of the other person's car. Obtain a copy of the driver’s insurance card or record the driver’s automobile insurance carrier and policy information.
Carry a mobile or cell phone while driving or being driven in case of an emergency.
If you are the driver, record the personal information of your riders.
Maybe you can take a few pictures of your carpool partners and their cars. Give this information to your friends or family.
5. Privacy
Privacy policy
6. Disclaimer of Warranty
CPW grants no warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise with respect to the services provided on the site and the information contained herein.
CPW does not warrant that your use of the services will be secure, uninterrupted, error free, or will meet your requirement.
CPW disclaims liability for the conduct of any of the users of this site or its services and assumes no responsibility for any errors, omissions, interruptions, delays, defects, communications, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to or alteration of the site or user or member communications.
7. Limitation of Liability
CPW will not be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, incidental exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profits arising from the use of this site or its services.
CPW will not be responsible or liable for any damages arising out of your conduct or conduct toward you, either directly or indirectly, including without limitation, bodily injury, emotional distress or property damage arising from the use of this site or its services.
8. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless
CPW, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties for any losses, costs, liabilities, expenses and damages or against any claims by third parties, including reasonable attorneys fees relating to or arising out of your use of this site, its services, your violation of this Agreement or your violation of applicable laws so long as they do not result from any negligence on the part of
CPW.
9. Acceptable Use
Carpoolworld.com reserves the ultimate right to judge acceptable use.
CarpoolWorld may change, delete or de-activate any user's information as required to ensure acceptable use without any liability whatsoever to any party.
Your specific freedoms and restrictions are as follows:
You may create, change, de-activate or delete trip information in this web site at any time as needed to help you find other people to share your transportation.
You may create multiple trips, but please do not create more than one record for a single trip (do not enter the same trip twice under two different names) because this will clutter the system with duplicate information. If you create a second trip temporarily to 'test' our matching function, please delete one of the trips after your test is completed. If you have more than one trip to match, or if you have one 'standing' trip for your daily commute plus additional trips for one-time events such as cross-country trips, you may create as many trip records as you need.
You must communicate with other users in a civil, polite manner.
No abusive language will be tolerated.
CarpoolWorld reserves the right to remove the information for any user who does not comply with the spirit of the
CarpoolWorld community, as judged by the operators of
CarpoolWorld, without any liability whatsoever to any party.CarpoolWorld welcomes commercial and/or governmental use of the system by employers, private or public institutions or regional transportation authorities. We also welcome use of our system by transportation companies and organizations including bus services, vanpool services, taxi companies, limousine services, passenger van rental companies, etc.
Please read more about our
CarpoolWorld Groups.
10- Additional Information
Please
contact
CarpoolWorld for additional information, questions or concerns.