http://www.divingdirect.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Click here to see our COVID-19 update
Read Our Reviews On Trust Pilot
Follow Us On Twitter For News & Updates
We Will Match Any Genuine Price
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyUpdated 24/5/18This privacy policy sets out how Denney Diving / divingdirect.co.uk uses and protects any information that you give Denney Diving / divingdirect.co.uk or has been used for mailing previously.Denney Diving / divingdirect.co.uk is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected.  Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Denney Diving / divingdirect.co.uk may change this policy from time to time by updating this web page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.  This policy is effective from 24/05/18.Who we are ?www.divingdirect.co.uk- Denney Diving, 54 Esplanade, Redcar, TS10 3AG. 01642 485485 / 01642 486666Contact Chris or Mark for any questions you may have regarding your data.What we collect We only collect data provided by you during the order process or via our contact us form and newsletter subscribe form.            • Customer Name            • Customer Address and Post Code            • Contact information including email address and telephone number            • Your order history with us All financial data via online purchases is processed using either SagePay or Paypal and no sensitive card or account information is ever kept on file by ourselves. What we do with the information we gather: We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: •  We keep the data provided from orders for any warranty or return / recall / audit purposes •  We may use the information to improve our range of products or services.•  We may periodically send emails about new products, special offers / product recalls or other information which we think you may find interesting using your email address you provided •  We will never pass on or sell any of your data to a third party  SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.We will never pass on or sell any of your data to a third party2 forms of backups are in place to prevent against accidental lossThe latest electronic security is in place both on server and terminals used to process. How long do we keep your personal information? The length of time that we retain, and store data depends on the purpose for which it was collected.We will only store data for as long as is required to fulfil that purpose, or for the purpose of satisfying legal requirements.It is a legal requirement that we keep certain data about our customers for at least six years. The type of data includes Contact, Identity and Transaction Data.Where you have requested that we provide you with marketing materials we will retain your data until such time as consent is withdrawn by you. Use of cookiesWe use cookies to gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our Website. Such information will not identify you personally - it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our Website. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.We may also gather information about your general Internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer, as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our Website and the service that we provide to you.All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our Website.   Your rights in relation to personal data The GDPR gives you a range of rights in relation to the personal data that we collect from.You have the right to:a.   Access your personal data. This right is commonly known as the ‘data subject access request’ and enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you. You will not need to pay a fee to access your personal data unless we can justifiably demonstrate that the request is repetitive or excessive. We will respond to all legitimate data access requests within one month, but we may need to obtain further information from you in order to confirm your identity and the legitimacy of the request.b.   Request update of the personal data. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data corrected.c.    Erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete personal data where there is no justifiable reason for us continuing to retain and process it. We may not always be able to delete the data such as if there is an ongoing contractual relationship between us or if we are legally required to retain the data.d.   Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on consent or our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) as the justification for processing the data.e.   Restrict the processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to change the processing of your personal data. For example, you may wish to vary the basis on which we contact you.f.     Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, machine-readable format.g.   Withdraw consent. Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data you may withdraw that consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.You can exercise these rights at any time by writing to us at the address given above, or email to info@divingdirect.co.uk Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: •   Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, we use a strict opt-in policy, you will not be contacted for marketing by us unless requested.•   If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us or emailing us at info@divingdirect.co.uk We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to any third parties, all information collected and held is purely for order processing and or email / contactYou may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Denney Diving, 54 Esplanade, Redcar, TS10 3AGIf you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible at the above address.  We will promptly correct any information that is found to be incorrect.
x
Join
Top