https://www.gofishingworldwide.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Expand/collapse navigation
HomeDestinations Saltwater FishingBig Game FishingFreshwater FishingContact UsRequest a BrochureTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy
HomeDestinationsContact UsRequest a BrochureTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Go Fishing Worldwide respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We want to maintain your trust and will not share your personal information that you provide when signing up to our
newsletter or requesting our brochure, with any other third parties. Our Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
TYPES OF DATA WE MAY COLLECT
Information Provided by You
We collect information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, through our Brochure Request Form, Holiday Enquiry Form or through our Sign Up to Our Newsletter form. If you contact us by
phone or email, we may keep a record of that correspondence. If you make a holiday booking with us, we will store the personal information necessary to fulfil your booking.
Cookies
Like most websites, Go Fishing Worldwide's website uses cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or
‘tablets’) as you browse our websites. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. Our websites use cookies to collect information, which includes information
about browsing behaviour by people who access our website, such as about pages viewed and the customer journey around our websites. It does not identify individual users.
We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details. You can refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you
to do this. However if you do this, you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.
Google Analytics
When someone visits our websites we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things
such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any
attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. We may use this information to further enhance or develop our website, or to refine our advertising.
Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to the Go Fishing Worldwide website. It could mean that we
advertise to previous visitors to certain parts of our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or
a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our websites. Any data collected will be used in accordance
with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. Again, this does not include personal information that would identify individual users.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences Page
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
• To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you’ve consented to be contacted for such purposes.
• To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
We will only do this, if you have consented to it through one of the tick-boxes on our website form, or if you have made a holiday booking with us.
In extremely rare situations we may be under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions,
or to protect the rights, property or safety of Go Fishing Worldwide, our customers, staff or others. This includes exchanging information where necessary with other organisations or companies for
the purposes of fraud protection or credit risk reduction.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold at any time. Please email us at info@gofishingworldwide.co.uk If you wish to unsubscribe to our email marketing, you can do so at any time by replying to the newsletter with the word ‘Unsubscribe’, or by emailing us
at   info@gofishingworldwide.co.uk
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you will be stored on our premises. It will be processed by our own staff for the purposes of, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your
payment details and the provision of services.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We’ll take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this
privacy policy. Once we have received your information, we will use all reasonable endeavours to try to prevent unauthorised access.
May 2018
Print
|
Sitemap
© Go Fishing Worldwide 2016
Web ViewMobile View
Logout |
Edit page