http://www.arranwhisky.com/privacy-policy
Find out how we are responding to the COVID-19 outbreak.More information
Isle of Arran
To visit our website, you must be of an age at which the purchase and consumption of alcohol is permitted according to the legislation in your country of residence. If there are no laws on this matter then you must be at least 18 years old.
Accept terms and conditions
Alcohol abuse is dangerous to your health. Drink responsibly.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
With GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) at the front of everyone's mind due to new regulations being enforced from 25th May 2018, we would like to take this opportunity to remind everyone of our commitment to looking after the data of all of our White Stags and customers.
Last Updated: 16th April 2019
Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is collected and used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us at info@arranwhisky.com
Information Collected
Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd collects your First Name, Last Name, e-mail address and country of residence when you sign up to join our White Stag online community. Mandatory information to be provided is identified as such by an asterisk or other clear indication.
Through Google Analytics we also monitor customer traffic patterns and Site use which enables us to improve the service we provide. In this way, we can monitor the popularity of our site, understand what pages visitors are looking at and how often visitors come to our site, and identify the source of new business. This data is entirely anonymous and doesn't identify individual users. This means that there is no reasonable way for us to identify the individual person this data was collected from.
Any personal data collected by Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd (“Your Information”) from you for the use of the purposes listed in the Privacy Policy is governed by Scottish law, specifically the provisions of the Data Protect Act 1998.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Scotland and any disputes will be decided only by Scottish Courts. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is held by any court of competent authority to be unlawful, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Use Of Your Information Your Preferences
We will use Your information to manage our relationship with you, to provide and personalise our service and communications, including for customer segmentation and profiling. We may use Your information to conduct marketing and promotional campaigns surrounding our White Stag community, contact you (via email, regular mail, phone, mobile or otherwise) about products and services of Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd and other special offers and events that may be of interest to you.
You may choose not to receive any marketing from us or wish to review your preference regarding receiving marketing material and contact. To notify your choice or change your preference, please click on the unsubscribe link at the end of one of our e-mails or contact us to let us know that you wish to be removed from our mailing list.
Disclosures Of Your Information
Please note that Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd will never pass your information to anyone else, except:
when you have given your prior consent to such communication to a third party.
to service providers and suppliers that process data on our behalf both in the UK and abroad (including hosting and IT service providers, email service providers) to manage or support our business operations and to assist us with our marketing operations,
when we are required by a judicial authority or any other administrative authority to provide it with such information
Retention Of Data
Please note that:
when you unsubscribe to our newsletter, we will remove you from our mailing list and not include you in any future mailings.
Security
Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd have made every reasonable effort to put in place suitable precautions to safeguard the security and privacy of personal data, and to prevent it from being altered, corrupted, destroyed or accessed by unauthorized third parties. However and despite our implemented technical and organizational security measures, Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd do not control each and every risk related to the use of the Internet, and therefore warns the users of the Site of the potential risks involved in the functioning and use of the Internet.
Other Websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Your Rights
You have a right to access the personal data that is held about you, to obtain a copy of the personal information Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd holds about you, to correct any mistakes or to object to the processing of such data.
You also have the right to ask in writing not to receive direct marketing material from us. At any time you can click on the"unsubscribe email" link to opt-out of personalised emails.
White Stag
When you sign up to join our online White Stag community, you provide us with your e-mail address to contact you with our regular White Stag Gazette newsletters. We also ask for your country of residence in order to inform you of any White Stag events taking place in your part of the world. We take your privacy seriously, and will not share your details with any third parties.  We will only use it to contact you with news about Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd and our White Stag community.
Contact us
By Email
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights to access data held about you, please contact us at: info@arranwhisky.com
Write to
Isle of Arran Distillers Ltd, Offices 4 & 5, Touch Business Centre, Touch Estate, Stirling FK8 3AQ.
Close popup
Added to your basket
Sorry, we couldn't add that item.
View & Checkout
Or continue shopping