http://www.heinekeninternational.com/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
COOKIE POLICY
[Heineken International B.V. located at Tweede Weteringplantsoen 21, 1017 ZD Amsterdam, the Netherlands] (‘HEINEKEN’ or ‘we’ or ‘us’) uses cookies to give you a better online experience. In order to make full use of the HEINEKEN website (‘Website’), your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies. We feel that it is important that you know what cookies our Website uses and for what purposes. This will help to protect your privacy, while at the same time providing you with the best online experience.
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
Cookies are small text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded and may be stored on your user device e.g. your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet). At HEINEKEN we may use similar techniques, such as pixels, web beacons and device fingerprints. For the sake of consistency, all these techniques combined will be hereafter referred to as ‘cookies’.
This Cookie Policy provides you with information about the cookies we use and why. Our Privacy Policy sets out full details of the other information we may collect and how we may use your personal information.
COOKIES USED ON THE WEBSITE
By clicking ‘Yes’ on the cookie banner, you give your consent to HEINEKEN to place and/or read cookies from the Website you are visiting. HEINEKEN uses several different types of cookies. Some of these are session cookies which are temporary and allow us to link your actions during a browser session. Session cookies are erased when you close the browser. Other cookies are persistent cookies which remain on your device for the period of time specified in the cookie. The Website uses cookies for the following purposes:
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
Functional cookies are essential and help you navigate the Website. They enhance the user friendliness of the Website for visitors. These cookies make sure that you only have to pass the age-gate once and that your basket is saved during all the steps of your checkout process. These cookies also help to support website security and basic functionality.
ANALYTICS COOKIES
Analytics cookies help us to understand the behaviour of our visitors and the usage of the Website in an aggregated manner. For instance, we can use these cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use our Website. This means we can find out what works and what doesn’t, it allows us to continuously improve the Website, and measure how effective our advertising and communication is.
ADVERTISING COOKIES
Advertising cookies will remember your product and page preferences and in general that you visited the Website. We strive to provide you with advertisements relevant to you and your interests on other online platforms, where available on the basis of your visits and surfing behaviour on our Website and other third party websites. Based on these interests, we develop a segmented profile and then adapt the content and the advertisements on our website for various groups of customers.
Third party social networks (e.g. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn) may also place cookies. This enables you to share content of the Website on social networks. These third parties may use cookies for their own purposes. HEINEKEN has no influence over how these social media networks make use of your data. For more information regarding the cookies set by the social media networks please refer to their own privacy and cookie policies.
Third parties that set cookies via our website may also try to find out what your interests are in this way, and this information may also be used to present you with content or advertisements that appear more likely to be of interest to you on other, non-HEINEKEN websites. In this case, the information about your current website visit may be combined with information from previous visits to websites other than ours.
These advertising cookies are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
Even if these advertising cookies are not used, please note that you will be provided with advertisements on our site; however, these advertisements will not be tailored to your interests. These advertisements can, for instance, be modified according to the content of the website. You can compare this type of content-related Internet advertisements with advertising on television. If, say, you are watching a cookery programme on TV, you will often see an advertisement about cooking products during the advert breaks while this programme is on.
CONTROL YOUR COOKIE SETTINGS
Heineken International B.V. may also offer you the possibility to set your preferences regarding cookies. By clicking ‘Cookie settings’ you can choose which type of cookies you would like our website to use. You can change your preferences at any time – including completely withdrawing the consent you have previously given to us. Under ‘Cookie Settings/Set Preferences’ you can also find a list of all cookies within the categories ‘analytical’ and ‘advertising’.
Please be aware that HEINEKEN currently does not make use of a technical solution that would enable us to respond to your browser's 'Do Not Track' signals. Besides using the Cookie Settings section on our website, you may manage your cookie settings in your browser settings at any time. Please be aware that your browser settings may not offer you the same ease of use as the Cookie Settings on our website. If you simply disable all cookies or all of our cookies in your browser settings, you may find that certain sections or features of our website(s) will not work, because your browser may prevent us from setting functionally required cookies. Therefore, it is recommended to use the Cookie Settings on our website instead of disabling all cookies via your web browser.
Change your cookie preferences
COOKIE OVERVIEW
Below is a full list of the cookies used on the Website of HEINEKEN:
Name
Purpose
Expiry
Category
Type
First Party or Third Party Cookies?
_cookieConsent
Cookie Consent Disclaimer text (we cannot store disclaimer on user computer as we have not taken consent yet. this cookie should have value of only yes or no) (show the banner content using other programming / development)
1 year
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookie
First Party
_ga, _gat, _gat_newTracker
Tracking ID for the analytics
2 years
Non-essential
Analytics cookie
Third Party
has_js
to check if JS is enabled or not
End of browser session
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Functionality cookie
First Party
mid_disclaimer
Cookie to track the site wide disclaimer is accepted. It is session cookie.
End of browser session
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Functionality cookie
.ASPXFORMSAUTH
This attribute is used to specify the HTTP cookie to use for authentication.
End of browser session
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookie
First Party
.ASPXROLES
Cookies used to keep track of if the visitor has any permissions on the website. Only used for logged in users
End of browser session
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookie
First Party
ASP.NET_SessionId
SessionId what .NET Manages for maintaining session
End of browser session
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookie
First Party
AWSELB
AWS Classic Load Balancer Cookie: Load Balancing Cookie: Used to map the session to the instance.
Removed after session with server closes
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookie
Third Party but essential
AWSALB
AWS Classic Load Balancer Cookie: Load Balancing Cookie: Used to map the session to the instance.
1 Hour
Essential / Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookie
Third Party but essential
YouTube
For YouTube videos on page
End of browser session
Essential
Functionality cookie
Third Party but essential
Brightcove
For Brightcove videos on page
End of browser session
Essential
Functionality cookie
Third Party but essential
age_gate_access
Cookie to track the Age gate is accepted. It is session cookie
End of browser session
Essential
Functionality cookie
error_reason
Cookie to track the error reason for the age gate form validation. It is session cookie.
End of browser session
Essential
Functionality cookie
error_messages
Cookie to track the error messages for the age gate form. It is session cookie.
End of browser session
Essential
Functionality cookie
CONCLUDING REMARKS
We will keep this Cookie Policy under review and make updates from time to time. Any changes to this Cookie Policy will be posted on our Website page and to the extent reasonably possible, will be communicated to you. You can consult this web page for the latest version.
If you have any further questions and/or comments, please contact us via this webform with a data privacy request.
The most recent version of this cookie policy is date 12 February 2020
Our company
Who we are
What we do
Beer and brewing
Cider
Low- & no-alcohol
Our response to Covid-19
Our strategy
Our performance
Our leadership
How we run our business
Code of conduct
Growing through innovation
Our heritage
Suppliers
Our brands
Our global brand - Heineken®
International brands
Amstel
Desperados
Lagunitas
Sol
Tiger
Birra Moretti
Cider brands
Regional & local brands
Affligem
Mort Subite
Our global presence
Africa, Middle East & Eastern Europe
Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe
Our sustainability story
Our strategy & achievements
Every drop: protecting water resources
Drop the C: reducing our CO2 emissions
Sourcing sustainably
Responsible consumption
Promoting health & safety
Growing with communities
Our approach to tax
Our approach
Defining our priorities
UN Global Compact
Working with stakeholders & partners
Our policies
Our value chain & UN SDGs
Our progress
Benchmarks & ratings
Case studies
Reporting centre
People & behaviours
Respecting human rights
Inclusion & diversity
Conducting business with integrity
Investors
Key figures
Share information
Share price
Share history
Total return calculator
Dividend
American depository receipts
Shareholder base
Share buyback programme 2015
Analysts contacts
Analyst & consensus estimates
Governance
Ownership structure
AGM
Supervisory board
Executive board
Remuneration
Risk management
Policies
Articles of association
Corporate governance code
Bondholder information
Funding sources
Credit ratings
Bonds
Debt maturity
Results, reports, webcasts & presentations
Email alerts
Investor calendar
Investor contacts
Newsroom
Our stories
Media releases
Regulatory media releases
Our positions & statements
Media gallery
Careers
Search and apply
Corporate Affairs
Commerce: Marketing and Sales
Digital & Technology
Finance
Human Resources
Procurement
Supply Chain
Students and Graduates