https://www.mountainbothies.org.uk/privacy-policy/
MEMBERSHIPJOIN
MEMBERSHIPLOGIN
MEMBERSHIPJOIN
MEMBERSHIPLOGIN
Home
Donate
Note on Legacies
About the MBA
MBA History
Annual Reports
Archive
Bothies
What is a Bothy?
Using a Bothy
Location Map
Maintaining a Bothy
Make a Bothy Report
Attend a Work Party
Bothy Code
FAQ
Accessing Bothies
Volunteer
Work Party Dates
Work Party Volunteer Information
Join
News
Online Shop
Contact Us
Membership Join
Membership Login
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This is the Privacy Policy for Mountain Bothies Association (“MBA” and “we” , “us” or “our”), a Company Limited by Guarantee, company number SC191425, and a Scottish Charity, registered under Scottish Charity Number SC008685, having its Registered Office at Edenbank House, 22 Crossgate, Cupar, Fife, KY15 5HW.
The MBA takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy sets out how, why and for how long we will use your personal information, as well as who it is shared with. It also explains your legal rights as a data subject and how to exercise them.
MBA are the “data controller” of the personal information that you provide to us.
What we need from you
When you register as a member of the MBA or renew your membership (including if you are registering or renewing on behalf of a young person aged 16 or under), or become a volunteer we may ask you for some or all of the following personal information:
Contact details – name, address, email address and phone number.
Date of birth – to calculate membership category.
Payment details – bank account number, sort code, card details.
Participation details – Area and Work Parties
The personal information that we collect about you will be provided to us by you.
If you do not provide us with all of the personal information that we need this may affect our ability to offer you our membership services and benefits.
Why we need your personal information – contractual purposes
We need to collect our members’ personal information so that we can manage their relationship with us. We may use our members’ personal information to:
Provide you with core member services, including confirmation of membership, membership card, end of year renewal and member voting services.
Set up an online membership account enabling you to manage your membership and communication preferences.
Set up and manage the facility for you to vote in elections online.
Organise Bothy Maintenance activities and manage risk and safety if you attend a work party or Area Meeting.
Why we need your personal information – legitimate purposes
We also process our members’ personal information in pursuit of our legitimate interests to:
Provide you with news and updates about the activity of the MBA, opportunities to get involved in work parties, training, Area and General meetings or other events.
Raise awareness of the MBA’s activities by capturing photos, videos, or live streaming at events. We may use this for promotion, education and development purposes.
Conduct online membership surveys and obtain your feedback in other ways so the MBA can review, develop and improve the services and activities it offers. Respond to and investigate your questions, comments, support needs, complaints, concerns or allegations.
Why we need your personal information – legal obligations
We are under a legal obligation to process certain personal information relating to our members for the purposes of complying with obligations under:
The Protection of Vulnerable Groups (Scotland) Act 2007, which requires us to check that our coaches and volunteers are able to undertake regulated work with children and vulnerable adults.
The Equality Act 2010, which requires us to process personal information to make reasonable adjustments where necessary.
The Charities and Trustee Investment (Scotland) Act 2005 and the Companies Act 2006 both of which require us to maintain a register of members, including name, address, date admitted to membership and date on which membership ceased, to hold general meetings, issue notices and AGM voting arrangements.
Other uses of your personal information
We may ask you if we can process your personal information for other purposes. Where we do so, we will provide you with an additional privacy notice explaining how we will use your information for these purposes.
Who we share your personal information with
If you become a member of MBA your details will be added to the Register of Members. In terms of the Companies Act 2006 (the “Act”) any member of MBA and any other person (subject to the provisions of the Act) is entitled to inspect the Register of Members.
If you become a member of MBA your membership details will be processed and maintained by our accountants, Henderson Black & Co at our Registered Office.
We will never pass your details on to any third parties for marketing or sales purposes.
There may be occasions where your details are processed by companies or organisations that are providing services on our behalf, such as processing donations and online payments.
For example, when you make an online payment or donation you will be redirected to Paypal or MyDonate, who will process the transaction on our behalf. Where you make a Gift Aid Declaration this will be processed by our accountants and HMRC.
When we share personal information with external third parties, we only share such information strictly required for the specific purposes and take reasonable steps to ensure recipients shall only process the disclosed personal information in accordance with those purposes.
We may also be required by law to share personal information with statutory or regulatory authorities to comply with statutory obligations. Such organisations include the Health & Safety Executive, Disclosure Scotland, and Police Scotland and other public bodies for the purposes of safeguarding children, or the prevention or detection of crime. We may also share personal information with professional and legal advisors for the purpose of obtaining advice.
How long we keep your personal information
We only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with membership services. Unless you ask us not to, we will review and delete your personal information where you have not renewed your membership with us for three years, however there may be some personal information that we will require for a longer period to meet statutory record keeping and accounting requirements, such as Gift Aid Declarations.
Transmission of Data Overseas
The information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored on our secure servers in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). However, occasionally, there may be a need for your personal data to be transferred to, stored in, accessed from or processed at a destination outside the EEA.  Where we transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we will only do so lawfully and we will ensure that adequate security measures are in place and that your personal data is processed only in accordance with EU Data Protection laws. If we are proposing to make a restricted transfer that is not covered by an adequacy decision of the EU Commission or an appropriate alternative safeguard, we will only make that transfer if you give your consent.
Using our website
You can visit and browse our website without providing any personal information.
You may choose to submit your personal information by contacting us through our website Contact Form. In such instance we will only process your personal information for the purpose of responding to your request and for no other purpose, without your prior consent.
Our website uses Cookies. For more information please visit https://www.mountainbothies.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies to our website and not to the websites of other organisations to which we may provide links. We are not responsible for the information notices/privacy policies, terms and conditions or practices of such third party sites and you should make your own enquiries in respect of any or each of them.
What security exists?
We are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. We use appropriate standards of technology and operational security to protect personal information including a Secure Server and network firewall connection.  Operationally, access to personal information is restricted to authorised personnel who are under a duty to maintain the confidentiality and security of such information.
Internet and Data Storage
The Internet is inherently insecure. Personal information submitted by means of the Internet may be vulnerable to unauthorised access by third parties. Submission of personal information using the Internet is at your own risk. We will take reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that your personal information is stored in a secure manner. However, we shall have no liability for disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or the fraudulent, negligent or other illegal acts of a third party, such as ‘Hacking’. Any transmission of personal information on or through the use of our website is at your own risk
Your rights
Access to your information – You have the right to request a copy of the personal information about you that we hold.
Correcting your information – We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up to date and you may ask us to correct any personal information about you that you believe does not meet these standards.
Deletion of your information – You have the right to ask us to delete personal information about you where:
You consider that we no longer require the information for the purposes for which it was obtained.
We are using that information with your consent and you have withdrawn your consent – see “Withdrawing consent to using your information” below.
You have validly objected to our use of your personal information – see “Objecting to how we may use your information” below.
Our use of your personal information is contrary to law or our other legal obligations.
Objecting to how we may use your information – You have the right at any time to require us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  In addition, where we use your personal information to perform tasks carried out in the public interest then, if you ask us to, we will stop using that personal information unless there are overriding legitimate grounds to continue.
Restricting how we may use your information – In some cases, you may ask us to restrict how we use your personal information.  This right might apply, for example, where we are checking the accuracy of personal information about you that we hold or assessing the validity of any objection you have made to our use of your information.  The right might also apply where this is no longer a basis for using your personal information but you don’t want us to delete the data.  Where this right to validly exercised, we may only use the relevant personal information with your consent, for legal claims or where there are other public interest grounds to do so.
Withdrawing consent using your information – Where we use your personal information with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using your personal information for the purpose(s) for which consent was given.
Please contact us in any of the ways set out in the Contact Information and Further Advice section if you wish to exercise any of these rights.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep this Privacy Policy under regular review and will place any updates on this website.
Paper copies of the privacy statement may also be obtained by contacting us via the website contact form at www.mountainbothies.org.uk, or by writing to us at Edenbank House, 22 Crossgate, Cupar, Fife, KY15 5HW.
Contact Information and Further Advice
If you require further information or advice please write to us at Edenbank House, 22 Crossgate, Cupar, Fife, KY15 5HW or contact us via the website contact form at www.mountainbothies.org.uk.
Complaints
We seek to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle personal information but you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, whose contact details are as follows:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Telephone – 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745
Website – https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Find a Bothy
Select an area from the list below.
Northern HighlandsNorth West Highlands & IslandsWestern Highlands & IslandsSouthwest Highlands & IslandsCentral HighlandsEastern HighlandsSouthern ScotlandNorthern England & BordersWales
BACK TO LOCATION MAP
Respect the Bothy
Respect Other Users
Respect the Surroundings
Respect Agreement with the Estate
Respect the Restriction On Numbers
Make a Bothy Report
Join MBA
Make a Donation
Latest News
Important: Latest COVID-19 & General Access News –
updated:
28 November14/08/2016
Peanmeanach Bothy – Now Permanently Closed28/09/2020
Oban Bothy locked27/07/2020
Report and Accounts and Review of the year 201925/07/2020
An Cladach – Closed Until March 202124/07/2020
Gelder Shiel Bothy Locked01/07/2020
Glas Allt Shiel Bothy Locked29/05/2020
Greensykes – Misuse of Stove02/02/2020
Tarf Hotel – Access over the Feith Uaine10/11/2019
VIEW ALL NEWS
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK
Home
About
Bothies
Volunteer
Join
Bothy Report
Donate
News
Online Shop
Contact Us
FAQs
Accounts
Complaints Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
© Copyright Mountain Bothies Association,
Edenbank House,
22 Crossgate,
Cupar,
Fife,
KY15 5HWMountain Bothies Association is a charity registered in Scotland, no. SC008685 and a company limited by guarantee and registered in Scotland, no. SC191425