http://www.uwphoto.net/privacy.html
Underwater Photography Search
Powered by Google
Privacy Policy
Our Internet site is meant to be a service to you, and we respect your privacy.
We do not trade, rent, or sell email addresses to any other parties, and never send unsolicited "Spam" E-mail's.
Postal Addresses
We or our suppliers may collect postal addresses that are supplied to us for on-line orders. This information is used for delivery of,
products and customer service purposes.
Telephone Numbers
We do not retain telephone numbers for purposes other than contacting individuals with a question or information
regarding their order. We do not trade, rent, or sell telephone numbers to any other parties.
Aggregate Site Statistics
We collect, in aggregate form only, the domain names of visitors to our site, as well as statistics about our sales,
traffic patterns, and related site information. These statistics include no personally identifying information,
and is used for marketing, sales reporting, or to improve the design of the Web site.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Cookies
We use cookies to help you navigate our site.
No persional information is stored in the cookie. Other companies that show advertisements
on our pages may set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies,
not this one.
Online Advertising
Nothing in this world is free. This site is supported by online advertisers. These advertisers have their own privacy policies.
Privacy Statement Updates
We may decide to make changes to our Privacy Statement. If we do this, we will post those changes here so that we can inform
and update our customers on how we collect and use information.
Contacting us.
If you have any questions about our privacy policies, please contact us.
© 2016, Photography by Jim Christensen  All rights reserved.
| Privacy Policy |
Site Map
| Contact us