http://www.fbyc.net/webtools/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
How to Join FBYC
Logging in Help
Sign Up
Login
Search
Pages
Pages
Fishing Bay Yacht Club
Home
Club
Overview
Sailing
Social
Board of Trustees
Young Adult Members
History
Log Streamer
How to Join FBYC
Application
FAQs
Dues & Fees
On the Web
Club Store
Trophies
News
News Home Page
Mailchimp List
Tag Cloud
Events
Upcoming
All
Offshore
One-Design
Junior
Cruising
Instruction
Help for Registration
Sailing Documents
Sailing Program
Sailing Management
Volunteerism
Offshore General NOR
Offshore GSIs
OD & Junior General NOR
OD & Junior GSIs
Junior Program Information
Cruising Division
Information
Appendix
Entry Form
Sailing
Club Flying Scots
Summer Sailing School
Crew Training
Cruising
Junior
Offshore
One Design
Flying Scot
Front Runners
Laser Fleet
Club Support Boats
Weather
Links to Web Sites
Junior Sailing
Junior Sailing
Administration
Opti Kids
Junior Week
Volunteer Needs
Equipment-Safety
Development Team
Race Teams
Spring & Fall Racing
Coaches
Junior Regatta
Register Now
Visitor Info
Accommodations
Directions
Facilities
Photographs
Flickr Photostream
Flickr Sets
Publicity
Rules
Tour
Webtools
About Website
Help on Registration
Mobile App
Privacy Policy
Branding Program
Post news
article
Help - Posting news
Google
Search
Classifieds
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Fishing Bay Yacht Club is developing its Privacy Policy.
The following two paragraphs are extracted from our Rules and relate to MEMBER DATA AND FBYC ELECTRONIC & SOCIAL MEDIA
1.      FBYC will not sell or authorize the use of member-supplied information and personal data by third parties and will not disclose such information except as required by law. Members may not use member-supplied information and personal data published by FBYC in the Yearbook, Sailing Events Book, or on any FBYC website or social media site for commercial purposes or for purposes of solicitation, polling, or conducting surveys, and shall not provide such information to others to do so, but may only use such information in connection with personal and FBYC business.
2.      FBYC will not sell or authorize the use of mailing lists, email lists, telephone lists or any other compilations of member-supplied information compiled or generated by FBYC, by third parties, and will not disclose such lists or compilations except as required by law. Members may not use any such mailing lists, email lists, or telephone lists published by FBYC in the Yearbook, Sailing Events Book, or on any FBYC website or social media site, for commercial purposes or for purposes of solicitation, polling, or conducting surveys, and shall not provide them to others to do so, but may only use such information in connection with personal and FBYC business.
The balance of this document is an explanation of our Website's Privacy Policies. They are not yet fully reviewed by our technology people or approved by our Board:
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
The information gathered when you interact with our website falls into two categories: 1) Personal information, which includes personal information you supply when you register for our site, or register for Events, or provide your email address and 2) Non-personal information collected through technology, which includes tracking information collected by us as well as third parties.
Personal Information That You Give Us
Registration Information
Registration requires that you supply certain personal information, including a unique email address and demographic information (Address, phone numbers, address, Date of Birth, information about your boat and similar information about people for whom you register at events) to register.
Billing and Credit Card Information
To enable payments for Event Registrations, we collect name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information and other billing information. We also have outsourced payment systems to include Pay Pal to offer an option where we do not collect Credit Card info. This information will only be shared with third parties who help to complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include processing credit card payments.
User Generated Content and Public Activities (Including News Postings and Comments)
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on our website. "Public activities" are any actions you take on the website that are designed to be visible to other users, including news postings, comments, event registrations, document uploads, or any other items that you submit. Any information you disclose in your public activities, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by FBYC for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media. If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, collected and used by other users of these areas. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in the course of your public activities and we have no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or submissions.
When you share or recommend links to content on a third-party platform (such as Facebook, Google+ and Twitter), that action and any information you share will be covered by their privacy policy.
Non-Personal Information Collected Using Technology
Information Collected by Us Using Technology
We use various Internet technologies to manage our website. Non-personal information that we collect using these technologies may be combined with other information about you.
Device Information. We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access the website, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.
Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies. We use or may use "cookies," Web beacons, HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies. These technologies allow us to manage access to and use of the website, recognize you and provide personalization, and help us understand how people use the website. You will not be able to access certain areas of our websites, if your computer does not accept cookies from us.
Analytics Technologies. We use Google Analytics to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of users of the website.
IP Addresses. We may log your IP address (the location of your computer or device on the Internet). We could use IP addresses for system administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to track access and use of the website.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
Provide the Services You Request
We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the website, to register for events, and to fulfill any other requests, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in our activities and events.
Email Newsletters
FBYC will periodically send you email newsletters about FBYC and its activities.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION THAT WE GATHER?
Within FBYC and with Third Parties
If you have registered to use the FBYC website, we will not sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your email address or any information that personally identifies you.  See the Rules.
Service Providers
We contract with other companies to provide services on our behalf, including credit-card and billing processing, email distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for FBYC, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes.
We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations, in accordance with applicable laws. We may occasionally release personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena.
QUESTIONS OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION?
If you have any specific questions or wish additional information, please call Strother Scott - 804-405-5999, Jon Deutsch - 804-305-1244 or Email the Webmasters.