https://www.yacht-charter.co.uk/information/environment/environmental-policy/
About Us About UsLocationThe TeamTestimonialsYacht Charter Yacht CharterCharter FleetUK Bareboat CharterSkippered CharterCorporate Charter Corporate Chartersailing dayEventsRates RatesDiscountsSeasonal OffersLate AvailabilityStandard EquipmentProvisioning Cooking Christmas Lunch AboardRecipies for yachting Jo’s Halloumi and butter bean dishBaked Spiced Salmon with Green BeansMoroccan LambFamily CharteringAccommodationOptional ExtrasPetsCharter MembershipYacht Charter in the SunshineYacht owner services Yacht Care Services for OwnersYacht Service for OwnersManaged Yacht CharterBuyer Support ProgrammeWinter Yacht MaintenanceRYA Sailing SchoolUseful Information HPYC Policy Regarding Coronavirus (COVID-19)Booking InfoGift CertificatesPlanning your first cross-channel tripSecondary ports made easyUseful AppsBoat Maintenance- How to care for your boatWhere to SailPlaces to day sailHamble Point Marina and AreaWeather and TidesFAQLatest NewsEnvironmental overview Environmental PolicyCoastal Pump Out facilitiesEco ProductsWhat changes have we made?Contact Us
Environmental PolicyYou don’t need to be a sailor to see the effects humankind is having on our oceans. As sailors, we just see it more often. At Hamble Point Yacht Charters we are committed to minimising our impact on the environment. Here are a few ways we plan to do so.ON THE WATERWe will ensure that our boats are fuelled safely and responsibly to avoid spillages and pollution. Our fleet team will carry a spill kit and use where appropriate. Boat drivers will be trained in refuelling good practice and the use of spill kits.To minimise the use of water in all of our activities, we will fit hoses with automatic trigger nozzles and turn off taps when not in use.Some of our most precious wildlife lives in or on the seabed. We will promote relevant local environmental information to our customers such as the location of voluntary no-anchor zones, sensitive habitats/species.IN THE OFFICEWe will minimise the use of electricity in all of our activities. For example; we are turning off lights, replacing old light bulbs with energy efficient models.We will minimise the creation of waste. For example; we will only print and photocopy if absolutely essential and then print double-sided.Where possible, we will use email rather than printed materials to communicate and promote our activities.We will recycle as much waste as possible by providing an adequate clearly labelled bin and increasing our waste and recycling bins and/or collections during busy events.We will publicise our environmental commitment and promote sustainability amongst our suppliers, customers and visitors on our website and office notice boards.We will take the environmental credentials of our suppliers into account when procuring new products. By doing so, we wish to encourage other organisations to integrate sustainability into their operations. MAINTENANCE AND CLEANINGWe will use the appropriate, suitable containers provided by the marina for the disposal of hazardous waste streams.We will scrub down boats and apply antifouling in a designated area, collect scrapings and dispose of as hazardous waste. Where we are scraping the old anti-foul, we will use the correct vacuum scraper utensil and will also ensure we leave the area as we found it.We will offer our customers the option to replace the cleaning products we provide as part of their charter fee to eco-friendly versions.* *at a small additional cost.Our Environmental Policy will be revisited on an annual basis to ensure we’re making progress.We are always looking to learn more and improve, so we encourage any suggestions or advice on ways we can improve and do our bit to help the environment.Useful links:https://www.thegreenblue.org.uk/https://www.thegreenblue.org.uk/Boating-Businesses/Resourceshttp://www.sailorsforthesea.org/programs/green-boating-guidehttps://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/oceans/take-action/10-things-you-can-do-to-save-the-ocean/You may also be interested in:Environmental Overview
CONTACT US
LATE AVAILABILITYCHARTER FLEETRYA SAILING SCHOOLGIFT CERTIFICATESPRICING & OFFERSSEAFIN
Select YachtABRAXASACCOMMODATIONAEOLUSAMANDLA KULUANDIAMOAPHRODITE SPIRITAPPALOOSABLUEBLUE MOONBLUE OTTERENDEAVOUREVENTFITTEE BEEGULLHENDRICKSJUKEBOXKASARAKINGFISHER OF HAMBLELE COSTALOXLEY BNOTA BENEREUNIONSEAFINSIDNEY IISOUTHPOINT IISPIRITTUITIONTUITION1TUITION2VIOLAWATERPROOF
Please note: when you submit your enquiry, all details which you provide will be treated in accordance with our privacy policy.
WHAT CLIENTS SAY
Watching the sun go down with a glass of bubbly on the deck of a sparkling yacht was unbelievable. What a treat, and a much needed change of scenery in these troubled times. We will be back for sure
What a treat (RSS)
Fab service, nothing too much trouble, including my daft questions. I'll be a repeat customer for sure!
Fab service, nothing too much trouble (ColinM)
We had a great time sailing with Lee for a few days at the beginning of September. Hamble Point Yacht Charters supplied us an impeccable 45 ft Hanse yacht, which was handled with complete mastery by Captain Lee.It was a privilege to sail with Lee, who is clearly a highly skilled professional taking great pride in his work ... but who is also a fantastic character with a great sense of humour and plenty of fun stories to keep the whole family entertained. He balances the serious side of safety and learning about sailing with a whopping dose of amusement and good cheer. We sailed the Solent in some decent seas, visited Bucklers Hard on the banks of the Beaulieu River and learned lots about British nautical history. Our boys started somewhat of a fishing trend catching bass off the back of the boat in Portsmouth and we would love to sail with Lee again in the future.The man truly knows his stuff, maintained the boat impeccably and went to every effort to ensure that we had a great time. Many thanks to “Shippers” and Hamble Point Charters. We’ll be back.
Best time sailing w/e with Lee ... many thanks to Hamble Point Yacht Charters ()
Chartered bareboats with HPYC on numerous occasions most recently in Sept 2020. Always helpful and accommodating. Highly recommend.
Always helpful and accommodating (SP)
We had a fantastic weekend sailing on Loxley B. Boat in super condition and spotlessly clean, Alex. and the team very thorough and always on hand to answer any questions. A great experience. We will be back. Thank you!
Our first but not last charter!! (CT)
Lots of information from office with a friendly service. We selected a one of the cheaper yachts and was please with find everything work and was cleaned and tidy. We will definitely be back
Very organised and friendly service (AP)
This was the first time we had tried chartering and as experienced racing sailors we didn't know what to expect. Covid has closed down all our events this year so this was a chance to get afloat at least once in 2020. What a great experience and Alex and all the Hamble staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. We had a great three days and we will be back !! We would have no hesitation is recommending Hamble Point Yacht Charters.
First ever charter - we will be back !! (LB)
From initial enquiry to handing the boat back, the service and attention to detail was fantastic. Very prompt service for the minor niggle we did have and with a wide selection of boats to charter, I'll certainly be back. One of the USPs of this business is they are right by the entrance to the Hamble so it's very quick to get out into the Solent compared to other marinas further up where it can take 30-40 mins or more just to reach Southampton water. Big thanks to Alex and the team, we had a great week on a very well kept boat
Excellent, professional outfit. Personal attention from start to finish (SP)
Professional, efficient and friendly. The booking and admin process was straightforward, the handover was well organised and Covid compliant. Most importantly the boat, a Sun Odyssey 37 was in great condition and very well equipped. We will definitely use this company again.
Great Yacht and Professional Service (AE) A short email to say thank you to you and all your team for a fantastic yacht charter and for all your help with our booking at such short notice.     Apaloosa is a lovely yacht and very well equipped.   Hamble Point Marina is a great base to explore from – and my first time sailing from there, although my husband has been a few times.I would also like to praise our skipper, Dave.    He was excellent company, very patient, great at explaining manoeuvres and very happy to involve the children so that they could learn too.    Given the weather conditions and our rusty knowledge, it was very reassuring to have him with us.   Dave was very happy to impart his knowledge and he ensured we made the most of our short charter.     We would definitely request him again!So, thank you once again, it was great fun, and have a good weekend.
Fantastic yacht charter (RP)
One of the larger charter companies which means they have a large fleet and permanent office staff, a big plus. I chartered Loxley B (37ft Sun Odyssey). Boat was clean, well equipped, well maintained. Office staff was really friendly and efficient in answering questions quickly. Will use this company again.
Friendly and professional (GV)
Thanks to all again for a great charter and the effort taken to make the handover so efficient. Especially with the videos
Great charter ()
First time using Hamble Point Yacht Charter and will definitely be back. Location, range of boats and value for money all excellent. The team was very friendly and efficient, and the boat we chartered (Blue) was in good condition and well equipped.
A weekend on Blue (JY)
Chartered 37 Hallberg Rassy for a weekend mid Jan. Booking process and communication prior to booking was friendly and informative. The yacht was immaculate and had everything we needed for the weekend. Simple check out process, lots of information provided in the personal review of the yacht. Returning the yacht was just as simple and the security deposit was refunded within 3 days. Highly recommended, we will be returning customers.
Winter weekend bareboat charter (RH)
We comprised a group of 5 friends; Chartering Kasara, a well appointed Halberg Rassy 36, for a long weekend, taking part in the Round Table Area 45 Presidents Rally.The boat was clean and ready for our arrival, and we were away in good time, she sailed well and when we returned on the Sunday evening the hand back was quick and easy.We all agreed we had had a great time, and would charter again in the future
Weekend Sailing Rally (AV)
https://www.yacht-charter.co.uk/wp-content/themes/yachtsailing
×
Contact Us
Please note: when you submit your enquiry, all details which you provide will be treated in accordance with our privacy policy.
×
Add Your Boat
Your Name (required)
Your Email Address (required)
Subject (required)
Message (required)
×
Contact Us
Please note: when you submit your enquiry, all details which you provide will be treated in accordance with our privacy policy.
×
Add Business
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
×