http://www.sailcontender.org.uk/legals
News
Events
Reports & Results
Travellers and Handicap Standings
2020 Reports
2019 Reports
2018 Reports
2017 Reports
2016 Reports
2015 Reports
2014 Reports
2013 Reports
2012 Reports
2011 Reports
2010 Reports
2009 Reports
2008 Reports
2007 Reports
2006 Reports
2005 Reports
Media
Gallery
Videos
Social
Builders
Contender Classifieds
For Sale
Wanted
Post New Ad
Contender FAQs
BCA Information
BCA Contacts
Hall of Fame
Join the BCA
Contender Facebook Group
Clothing
Legals
Legal Information & PRIVACY POLICY
The British Contender Association (BCA) is an unincorporated not-for-profit private members organisation established to organise and represent the interests of the International Contender Class in the UK. The International Contender is a racing dinghy recognised as having international status by the International Sailing Federation (ISAF).
The International Contender Association (ICA) is an unicorporated not-for-profit private members organisation established to organise and represent the interests of the International Contender Class on an international basis, and is recognised by ISAF as the controlling body for the International Contender Class.
The British Contender Association is recognised by the International Contender Association as a self-governing subsidiary organisation. A proportion of membership fees paid to the BCA by members is paid to the ICA, thus members of the BCA (and other national Contender Class associations) automatically become members of the ICA, and consequently have the right to vote in ICA ballots, and compete in ICA organised events.
Details of the constitution of the ICA can be found on the ICA website.
Privacy
Information collected
The British Contender Association (BCA) only collects information supplied by you on the forms contained in this site, from the entry forms of BCA and International Contender Association (ICA) events, and from the entry forms of individual clubs running events for Contender Class Dinghies who forward that information to the BCA and ICA for the consolidation of series results, and for inclusion in BCA and ICA publications.
Opting In
By registering with the BCA site you are opting in to receive communications from the BCA about the class and its activities. This may include notices from both the BCA and its international counterpart the International Contender Association, and official class newsletters. These newsletters may also include advertisers and sponsors messages.
Opting Out
To de-register (opt-out) from the BCA site, please e-mail the webmaster using the Contact form and you will be removed from the registration database.
Use of your personal information
The BCA maintains both written and computerised membership records. The BCA maintains a strict privacy policy, and does not circulate or distribute membership details to any individual or organisation other than that required for the purposes of legitimate and official BCA communications.
Linked web sites
Our web site contains links to other web sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer which controls aspects of how the BCA site operates.  Our cookies do not store any personal information or information that could be used to subsequently identify you.  You will not be able to use the site if your computer cannot accept cookies.
For details of which cookies are used on this site, see our cookie policy
Access to your personal information held by the BCA
You have a right to access the personal data that is held about you. To obtain a copy of any personal information the BCA holds about you, please write to The Membership Secretary, British Contender Association, 10 Willoughby Road, Harpenden, Herts, AL5 4PF. Please enclose your postal details and a cheque for £10 payable to The British Contender Association.
Latest News
2021 provisional fixtures
Oxford Open Results
Torbay open
Oxford Inland Championship
Weston Open Report
Latest Classified Ads
Contender GBR2720 for Sale( / Boats and gear FOR SALE)
Road Base Wanted.( / Boats and gear WANTED)
About Us
HomeCookie PolicyLegalsLogin
Links & Resources
International AssociationFacebookYouTube Videos
British Contender Association
Secure site protected by SSL
© British Contender Association 1999-2020 | Site by DVisions