http://www.gwocgb.co.uk/index.php/meetings/privacy-policy
Toggle Navigation
Welcome
GWOCGB Events
GWOCGB Fliers
GWOCGB List of Events
GWOCGB/GWEF Calendar
2020 British Treffen Page (Postponed until 2021)
About
Goldwing Bikes
GL1000
GL1100
GL1200
GL1500
GL1800
F6B
Membership
Charity
Articles
Group Riding
Wing Tips
History
MAG-BMF-FEMA
Club Shop
Gen Sec
Constitution
Privacy Policy
The Forum
GWEF
GWEF News
GWEF Calendar 2021
GWEF Websites
Web Links
GWOCGB Regions
GWEF Members
Other Useful Links
Gallery
All Images
Random Images
Contact Us
National Committee
Regions
Rep Information
Website & DPO
Join Us
Search
privacy policy for club and website
Gold Wing Owners Club of Great Britain (GWOCGB)
How we use, store and protect personal data in the club to comply with General Data Protection Regulations
The GWOCGB uses personal data from its members to run the club, the information is not passed onto third parties outside the club. There are a few exceptions to this:
GWEF
The GWOCGB is a member of GWEF (Gold Wing European Federation). There is 26 Countries currently in GWEF. All members of GWOCGB are also members of GWEF.
The following information is sent out to GWEF:
Members names and membership numbers are sent to the International Rep of GWOCGB and then passed onto GWEF. Cards are then issued by GWEF and sent back to the GWOCGB International Rep. These are then passed onto the Membership Secretary and are then issued to the members together with their GWOCGB cards. These are sent out by post.
2.After the British Treffen, information is sent to GWEF comprising of number of bikes per country attending. In return we get information about all International Treffens and the numbers who attended them, no personal data is sent.
GWOCGB Events and help guide
The Events and Help Guide magazine is printed once a year and is usually sent out in March to all paid members of the GWOCGB. The guide has information on:
Treffens and Wing Dings.
National Committee contact details.
Help Guide.
When members fill in an application form, they are asked if they want to be included in the Help Guide. There is a number of tick boxes where renewing members can give details of how they could help other members in an emergency. The information given in the Help Guide is Name, Phone number, County they live in and what facilities they can provide, for example, trailer, tools, storage etc.
The Help Guide is produced by an Editor external to the club, working alongside the Events Secretary. The finished Events and Help Guides are then printed and posted out by the printers to the members.
These are the only two occasions where membership details are given to anyone outside the GWOCGB.
How we get personal data from members
There are 3 main ways we receive information about members:
When members join the club or renew their membership.
When persons go to a Wing Ding (Regional Bike Rally) or Event.
When persons go to a Treffen (National Bike Rally).
When Members Join or Renew
Membership forms ask for Names of all family joining, Address, Phone numbers, Email, Childrens Names & d.o.b., Goldwing details including Registration number, Engine and Frame number. On new membership forms we ask members if they want their phone number to be included in the help guide. On renewal forms we also ask if members can assist others by offering services like trailer, tools, accommodation etc. The members have to opt into this and tick various boxes. If they do tickthe box then their name phone number and county together with the help they can provide will be issued in the Events and Help Guide. By signing the joining forms, members agree to abide by the constitution. It also allows the officers of the club to use and where appropriate share information with the members of the GWOCGB.
Membership Secretary
Membership forms:
The majority of forms come in usually around December by post. There is 8 types of forms.
New Membership,
Renewal of Full Membership,
Social Membership
Renewal of Social Membership,
these 4 form are then replicated as on line forms. Forms for late renewals and new joiners can come in all year. The paper forms are kept secure for 7 years and then shredded.
Forms that come in by email are printed off and kept with the other forms sent in by post. Forms are then transferred to a computer database and kept on a GWOCGB computer. The paper versions are kept secure and act as a back up. Only the Membership Secretary has access to this computer. The membership information can then be sent to various officers so they can perform their roles in the club. This computer is not connected to the internet at all. Information needed is transferred to a memory stick. The information is either printed off or sent via email on another computer. This computer is protected by anti virus software.
Webmaster receives a complete list of all members at the end of February so he can make sure that the correct level of membership access is maintained on the clubs website. Information given is Membership Number, Name, Email, Region and Partners Name. Also monthly updates of late renewals and new members is sent out by email.
Events Sectretary Receives information sent by email for Events and Help Guide as previously described.
Regional Reps Receives a list of members who are in their region. The information sent is Membership Number, Name, Address, Phone Number, Email and Region/Area .This is usually handed out to the Reps two to three times a year at the GWOCGB Open/Reps meeting and AGM in paper form. Monthly updates of late renewals and new members are sent by email to all Reps.
General Secretary May require information at certain times, for example, to send out voting forms. This would be names, membership number and address.
International Rep Receives information sent by email for GWEF cards as previously described.
When Persons go to a Wing Ding or GWOCGB Event
There is 27 regions of GWOCGB, not all hold a Wing Ding every year, some bi annually, some not at all. The Regions are required to use an official Inscription Form. We have to do this for our public liability insurance cover. Also the data given on these forms (Region, Name and dob of Rider, Name of Passenger, Accompanying Persons, House Number and Post Code, Emergency Contact Name and Number and any relevant Medical Information, Model ofBike/Trike/Combination, Registration Number, Mileage to Site, Motorhome/Car Registration) is used by the region to know who is on site, emergency situations and for gathering information for awards, for example furthest distance, best bike, largest region etc. The majority of attendees will be members of the GWOCGB, we could also have Non Members of the club attend. The forms are only seen by the Inscription Team and Committee of the region. Once the Wing Ding has finished and Wing Ding accounts are prepared, the forms are sent to the Events Secretary who keeps the forms for insurance purposes. Inscription forms are kept for 7 years and then destroyed.
When persons go to a Treffen
The Treffen is usually held once a year. The majority of people attending are members of the GWOCGB and GWEF. There will also be a small amount of non members of the club attend. All persons attending are required to fill in a Treffen inscription form. The data given on these forms (Names, Address, Country, Telephone, Email, d.o.b. (Rider), Male/Female, Membership Number, GWEF Country, KM to Site, travelled on a Goldwing, Model, Solo/Trike/Combo, Accommodation ie Tent, Hotel, Motorhome, Emergency Contact Number, Registration Plates and Names of other persons attending including d.o.b. This information is used for insurance purposes. Its also used to gather information about numbers of bikes and countries attending and information for awards.
The Treffen forms are collected in two ways, by Pre-inscription and Inscription Forms filled in at the Treffen. Pre-inscription forms are sent to the Treffen Co-ordinator. Name, Registration Number and Membership Numbers are put on computer to make a Pre-inscription list. The computer is protected by password and cyber security. Once at the Treffen the Pre-inscription Forms are handed over to the International Rep.
Inscription forms are processed by an Inscription Team, the Inscription Manager then hands over the forms to the Treffen office. Information from the forms is placed onto a computer owned by the GWOCGB . The extracted information is used by the international Rep to work out what bikes and countries attended as well as other awards. The forms are kept by the International Rep and stored securely once at home. The forms are kept for 7 years and then destroyed.
Other Officers in the Club
The following officers have limited if any contact with personal data:
Chairman
Treasurer
Committee Member
Classic Rep
Minutes Sec
WingSpan Editor
All officers of the club will be instructed on how to keep information, memberships forms etc suitably secured. That cyber security is performed to keep information safe from on line attacks, that data is only used to perform their roles in the club and not shared with anyone external to the GWOCGB. That all personal data is only given out to other members if they have been given permission.
Website Privacy Policy
The Gold Wing Owners Club of Great Britain (GWOCGB)
www.gwocgb.co.uk is the official website of the Gold Wing Owners Club of Great Britain.
This page explains what information the website holds, who we share it with and how we use the information.
What information we have when you create an account
To create an account you supply us with Real Name, a User name for logging onto site and your user name for the forum, Email, password, your region and if relevant your GWOCGB Membership number. Your IP address will also be available once logged on but only to Admin of the site.
What do we do with this information
The above information is to determine whether you are a full paid up member of the GWOCGB. We have 3 levels of access to the site (excluding admin), these are:
Guest – Can only view certain pages of the website.
Non Member – As per guest and can also post in a small section of the forum.
Member – Full access to site.
The above personal data allows us to determine what access level you get. The IP address allows us to determine who is trying to get on to the site. We use this to stop hackers, spammers and other cyber attacks.
Who do we share your personal data with
We do not share any of the personal data above with anyone. Only Admin can see your real name, passwords cannot be seen by anyone including Admin (encrypted).
How Long do we keep you personal data for
Once a year all membership is checked and if necessary changed so that the correct access level is made. In addition any accounts that have been dormant for over a year will also be removed regardless of status.
Security of members details
The website is protected against cyber threats by various means including a firewall, daily scans and back ups and continual blocking of known hackers and spammers.
Right to be forgotten
At any time you can request to have you details deleted from the website, please email
for your request or use the Contact Us on the top menu bar to send a message. You can also contact the webmaster who will give you account details of information that we keep.
Data Protection Officer
If you have any concerns over the use of personal data or would like any further information or questions please contact our data protection officer by email:
Login Form
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Create an account
Forgot your username?
Forgot your password?
For the Open FB Group page click on image above