http://www.vansteenberge.com/en/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy of www.vansteenberge.com/
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This page was last modified on December 11, 2018.
We are aware that you have confidence in us. We therefore see it as our responsibility to protect your privacy. On this page we will let you know what information we collect when you use our website, why we collect this data and how we improve your user experience. This way you understand exactly how we work.
This Privacy Policy applies to the services of Brouwerij Van Steenberge. You should be aware that Brouwerij Van Steenberge is not responsible for the Privacy Policy of other sites and sources. By using this website you accept this Privacy Policy.
Brouwerij Van Steenberge respects the privacy of all users of its site and ensures that the personal data you provide is treated confidentially.
1. Protection of personal data
1.1. Brouwerij Van Steenberge respects the law of 8 December 1992 for the protection of privacy with regard to the processing of personal data.
1.2. GDPR legislation 2018
Brouwerij Van Steenberge is committed to evolving to a 100% compliancy in accordance with the GDPR legislation in 2018.
The GDPR legislation - General Data Processing Regulation - is a new European legislative framework with a direct effect on the processing of personal data. This replaces the European Privacy Directive.
This new legislation means new rights for those involved and obligations for processors and controllers.
This Privacy Policy is just one of the many steps we take for this. We will be happy to provide our documentation with measures taken on request.
1.3 Policy Summary
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED FOR THE FOLLOWING PURPOSES AND USING THE FOLLOWING SERVICES
ANALYTICS:
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
CONTACTING THE USER:
CONTACT FORM
Personal Data: address, city, company name, email address, first name and last name
2. Types of data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, first name, last name, company name, address, email address and city.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
2.1 Mode and place of processing the data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics and Contacting the User.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of personal data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
ANALYTICS
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS (GOOGLE INC.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
CONTACTING THE USER
CONTACT FORM (THIS APPLICATION)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: address, city, company name, email address, first name and last name.
2.2 The rights of users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month
3. Processing agreement personal data: Passwords
If necessary, we pass on passwords from systems to external partners over the telephone and never via e-mail.
When creating new passwords, we ensure that they are strong enough.
When an employee leaves our company, we ensure that he/she no longer has access to the different systems.
4. Cookie Policy
This Application uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.
The website https://www.vansteenberge.com is managed by the company ‘Van Steenberge Brouwerij nv’ with its registered office at Lindenlaan 25, 9940 Ertvelde, Belgium.
Van Steenberge Brouwerij nv mainly uses cookies to improve your website browsing experience. All the information we obtain from our cookies is anonymous and is used exclusively to understand the customer experience of this website better in order to improve the website’s performance and usability.
What are cookies?
Cookies are usually small text files sent from a website and stored in the user's web browser as the user is browsing the website. When the user visits the same website again in the future, the website may retrieve the data stored in the cookie to find out the user's previous activities on the website. Cookies were designed as a reliable mechanism to remember the status of a website or a user’s past activities on a website. Cookies help us to optimise your website visit, to remember the technical choices (with regard to your language and the newsletter, for example) and to show you more relevant services and offers. If you wish to visit our website, we advise you to enable cookies, but you are always free not to enable cookies if that is what you prefer.
Cookies may register the user’s clicks on specific buttons, logins or visited pages for months or even years. Although cookies cannot contain any viruses or install malware on the user’s computer, tracking cookies – and third-party tracking cookies in particular – are often used to compile long-term data about the browser history of individuals.
Cookies used by this website
The table below lists the cookies collected by the website and the information stored by these cookies:
COOKIE name
Description
LARAVEL_SESSION
Contains all the data that are used temporarily until the user leaves the website.
_GA
Google Analytics. Stores the user’s IP address and location, the duration of the user’s visit of the website and the pages he or she visits. These data are used to analyse the website’s visitors.
Disabling cookies
You can stop cookies from being stored in a number of ways. Please visit your browser’s website to find out how to block the storage of cookies.
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?viewlocale=en_US&locale=en_US
Google Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647
Microsoft Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx
Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
You can prevent cookies from being stored, but you can also delete the cookies that were already installed on your computer at any time. You do need to be aware that if you decide to delete all your cookies, you will most likely have to re-enter all your usernames and passwords on all the websites you visit. As we mentioned earlier, cookies can improve your web browsing experience.
If you want to find out more about cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. This website offers more information on cookies, gives a detailed explanation of how you can delete the cookies you have found on your computer and shows you how to allow trusted websites to store cookies on your computer.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING
LEGAL ACTION
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT USER'S PERSONAL DATA
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
SYSTEM LOGS AND MAINTENANCE
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
INFORMATION NOT CONTAINED IN THIS POLICY
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
HOW “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS ARE HANDLED
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
PERSONAL DATA (OR DATA)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
USAGE DATA
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
USER
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
DATA SUBJECT
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
DATA PROCESSOR (OR DATA SUPERVISOR)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
DATA CONTROLLER (OR OWNER)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
THIS APPLICATION
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
SERVICE
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
EUROPEAN UNION (OR EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
COOKIES
Small sets of data stored in the User's device.
LEGAL INFORMATION
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
5. In case of a data breach
If there is a data breach (situation where personal data are maliciously released), Brouwerij Van Steenberge calls on Black and White Company with the role of the controller who in turn calls on Combell - the processor.
A data breach must be passed on to the Privacy Commission within 72 hours after discovery / sensation (not the occurrence). Our partner Black and White Company arranges this with Combell, who takes on this responsibility as a processor.
6. Contact information and full policy
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
Brouwerij Van Steenberge
Lindenlaan 25- B-9940 Ertvelde
Owner contact email: info@vansteenberge.com
Subscribe to our newsletter:
Confirm
I agree to the privacy policy.