http://www.rennteam.com/legal.html;jsessionid=node0u9ru53l4jiavm36ibhyju1141938735.node0
Crown
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Rennteam
"Rennteam" refers to the service provided subject to these General Terms and Conditions and/or Rennteam GmbH.
The protection of your personal data is of utmost concern to Rennteam.
In these terms and conditions on data protection Rennteam would like to inform you about how Rennteam treats your personal data and how you can exchange this data with other users of Rennteam.
These terms and conditions supplement the Terms of Use of Rennteam.
1. Basic Principles of Rennteam for handling your Personal Data
Rennteam strictly adheres to the following basic principles in the protection of your Personal Data:
Rennteam shall collect, process and use your Personal Data in accordance with the laws and statutes on data protection of the Federal Republic of Germany and those of the European Union.
Rennteam shall use your Personal Data solely to provide you the Rennteam Services on the Internet for which you have registered. Rennteam will never pass your Personal Data on to any third party, neither for advertising, nor for marketing for any other purposes.
With the exception of some general information about your location you alone decide which of the Personal Data you have made available to Rennteam may be displayed by Rennteam to other members of Rennteam (cf. Section 3 of these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection).
Persons not registered with Rennteam may only view your Personal Data to the extent that you enable and allow them to do so (cf. Section 4).
2. Definitions
The following terms used in these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection shall have the following meanings:
"Personal Data" shall mean all data and/or information about your profession or your person.
"Rennteam Websites" shall mean all websites on which Rennteam provides the Rennteam Services.
"Rennteam Members" shall mean all registered users of Rennteam on the Rennteam Websites.
"Rennteam Services" shall mean all registration based services provided by Rennteam on the Rennteam Websites.
"Registration Data" shall mean the Personal Data you are obliged to make available to Rennteam in the registration process for the Rennteam Services (mandatory fields).
"Profile" shall mean the Rennteam Website page where the Personal Data you have made available to Rennteam is displayed in accordance with your specifications and your consent.
3. What does Rennteam know about you, what do you give Rennteam and Rennteam Members permission to do, and what happens with your Personal Data?
3.1 Registration Data
In order for the Rennteam Services to function, Rennteam needs to collect and process certain elements of your Personal Data in the course of the registration process. First of all, this consists of the following data:
Login name
Display name
Password
Your password and/or your user name are never visible to any Rennteam Member at any time. Rennteam shall never disclose or pass your password and/or your user name on to any third party.
Furthermore, you will need to fill out the following Personal Data in the course of the registration process (mandatory fields):
Email account
First name, surname, form of address
Birth date
Country and displayed location
The following Personal Data from these mandatory fields is accessible to other Rennteam Members without any restrictions:
User name
Country, state and city
With respect to other mandatory Personal Data, you may choose in each individual case whether the data shall be displayed to Rennteam-Members or not:
Displayed name
Country and displayed location
3.2 Voluntary Data
If you wish, you may provide additional information about yourself apart from the mandatory data on a voluntary basis (hereinafter referred to as "Voluntary Data"), to allow other Rennteam Members to get to know you better and possibly encourage them to choose you as an appropriate contact.
The Voluntary Data you choose to provide to Rennteam is accessible to all other Rennteam Members, unless the data is particularly identified. With regard to such particularly identified data you may choose in each individual case if the data shall be displayed to Rennteam-Member.
3.3 Your Profile, Contact Management
The following sections of the Personal Data you have made available to Rennteam is visible to all other Rennteam Members:
Displayed name
Country and displayed location
All other Rennteam Members may access your Profile and view the information displayed on the Profile, including such Voluntary Data you have specified to be made available to all other Rennteam Members. Certain Rennteam Members may be able to access further of your Voluntary Data in accordance with your specifications (chosen settings) for the respective Rennteam-Member in each individual case.
If you send Rennteam Members a request for personal contact, these Rennteam Members are then saved in your Profile on a contact list. Should a Rennteam-Member confirm your request for contact, this Rennteam-Member shall be listed as a so called "confirmed contact". Confirmed and unconfirmed contacts shall be registered separate from one another. Other Rennteam Members may only ever view your list of confirmed contacts.
The following of your personal statistics are visible to all Rennteam Members at all times:
Number of your confirmed contacts
Number of your contributions
Date of registration
Activity and Teamgeist
On your Profile you will find a so-called activity meter. This meter indicates whether you use the Rennteam Services regularly, however, it does not show any details about the way or the times you use the Rennteam Services. The activity meter is intended as an indication for other Rennteam Members to determine how often you use the Rennteam Services so that the other Rennteam Members can evaluate whether you will presumably react quickly to a request via the Rennteam Services. You may choose to hide the activity meter at any time in your privacy settings under "Privacy" so that the activity meter is not visible to other Rennteam Members.
4. Visibility of your Profile to Non-Members of Rennteam
The data contained in your profile is not visible to non-members of Rennteam and is not traceable by search engines on the Internet.
5. Groups
On the Rennteam Websites, Rennteam offers certain groups, forums and similar services..
Each group has one (1) or more moderator(s). The moderator decides for each group whether the group is public or whether it is only accessible to a specific group of people, as well as who has read and/or write access for each relevant group. This information will be displayed on the Rennteam Websites for the relevant group. It is visible to Rennteam Members and it may also be visible to non-members of Rennteam, depending on the settings chosen by the moderator.
Please note: where a group is specified as "public" on the Rennteam Website and in the event that the moderator has not restricted the access rights to the group, all contributions of Rennteam Members to such a group can be read by all other Rennteam Members, and these contributions are then also accessible to non-members of Rennteam on the Internet without any restrictions.
6. Invitations
As a Rennteam Member you may invite others to join Rennteam. Rennteam shall process personal data collected in the course of the invitation solely for the invitation and shall not use it for any other purposes.
Please note that the following sections of your Personal Data are displayed to the recipient of the invitation:
Your first and last name
7. Search Functions
The Rennteam Services offer various possibilities to search for particular Rennteam Members. These various search functions may assist you, for example, in finding other Rennteam Members with similar interests.
8. Newsletter, Status-Emails
Rennteam regularly sends out newsletters or status emails (collectively hereinafter referred to as the "newsletter(s)") to all Rennteam Members. In these newsletters Rennteam may inform you, among other things, about new features on Rennteam and Rennteam may also provide you with specific personal statistics (i.e. the number of hits on your Profile, whether you have new contacts to be confirmed and/or new private messages, etc.).
You may choose to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by sending an email to the link provided at the end of each newsletter.
9. Cookies
After you have logged in to the Rennteam Services with your user name and password, Rennteam uses cookies in order to identify you during the course of your session. A cookie will be stored on your computer. Upon the termination of your session the cookie will be automatically deleted. You can save this cookie on your computer to enable automatic login for subsequent sessions by activating the function: "Login automatically on this computer". The cookie will then store part of your login data in encrypted form. If you select automatic login, please be aware that this will then only be possible on the same computer on which the cookie was first saved, i.e. an automatic login on two (2) different computers is not possible.
10. Log Files
Each time you access a website from the Rennteam Websites, Rennteam will save the following data in a log file (the so called "server log"):
Your IP address (by which your computer can be clearly identified),
The name and IP address of the computer requesting the respective page from the Rennteam Websites (the so called "remote host computer"),
The time, status, and amount of the transferred data, as well as the Internet website from which you have reached the requested page of the Rennteam Websites (the so called "referrer")
The product and release information from your Internet browser (the so called "user agent").
This log file will be stored by Rennteam in the standardized "combined" log file format for the Apache Web server. Rennteam uses the data from this log file in anonymous form without reference to your person for statistical purposes. In doing so, Rennteam may analyze on which days and at which time the Rennteam Services are particularly frequented and how much data volume is created on the Rennteam Websites. Furthermore, by using the log file, Rennteam can identify defects on the Rennteam Websites, such as defective hyperlinks or program defects, and thus continually improve the quality of the Rennteam Websites. Rennteam does not attribute the website demands stored in the log file to specific individual users. However, Rennteam reserves the right to review the log files from the last known IP address of a Rennteam-Member where Rennteam has reasonable cause to believe that the member is using Rennteam Services in breach of contractual agreements or the applicable legislation. In doing this, Rennteam is protecting other Rennteam Members, the safety of Rennteam Members’ data, as well as Rennteam Websites and the Rennteam Services.
11. Under Age
Membership of Rennteam Services is reserved to persons who have reached the legal age of 18. Parents and legal guardians are responsible for the protection of their children's privacy.
12. Changes to these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection
Rennteam reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection, in the event that this becomes necessary due to gaps in these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection identified after their release, or in the event that it becomes necessary with respect to additional or amended services provided by Rennteam. Rennteam will notify you of any amendments to these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection by email to the email account you provided to Rennteam in the course of your registration.
13. Accessibility of these Terms and Conditions on Data Protection
These Terms and Conditions on Data Protection are accessible from any website of the Rennteam Websites under the link "Privacy Policy".
Version: 01/Aug/2008
US English
GB English
Deutsch
Home
Forum
Media
MyRennteam
Save
About Rennteam |
Help |
Terms of use |
Privacy Policy |
Support |
Contact |
Imprint |
Archive
30,182 registered users
|
254 online
Powered by
Community
and
0 friends online
You have 0 open invitations.
You have 0 unread private messages.