http://www.ferrariownersclub.co.uk/privacy-policy
The Ferrari Owners’ Clubof Great Britain
Contact Us | Member Login
About The Club
Join Us
Publications
Racing Series
Ferrari Happenings
Prancing Horse Register
Classifieds
Dealers
Partners
Advertisers
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data. The Ferrari Owners’ Club is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data.
Our contact details for data protection purposes are:
email address: Info@Ferrariownersclub.co.uk
post: Data Protection Manager, Ferrari Owners’ Club, Cavallino House, 2 Church Way, Whittlebury, Northamptonshire, NN12 8XS.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). However, we would appreciate you contacting us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing Info@Ferrariownersclub.co.uk
2. Data Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
3. How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The legal reasons that we rely on are that:
We need to perform the contract between us, or
It is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests, or
We need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or
We have sought your explicit consent
4.Purposes for processing your personal data
The table below describes the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data.
Purpose / Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To register you as a new member, and for renewals (including distribution of magazines and circulars unless not required)
Personal
Financial
Performance of contract
To attend events
Personal
Financial
Emergency contact details (for track days and similar)
Performance of contract
To provide you with merchandise
Financial
Delivery
Performance of contract
To provide a history of vehicle ownership
Member name
Vehicle ownership
Legitimate business interest
To publish photos from events
Your image (exclusion on request)
Performance of contract
To enable you to advertise articles for sale
Contact details
Performance of contract
To enable us to work with business partners
Contact details
Performance of contract
To allow you to join in local events we pass your details to an area group organiser
Contact details
Your consent
We will get your express opt-in consent before the Area Group Organisers contact you about local events. If you do not wish to take part, then your details will not be passed to the Area Group Organiser. You can opt out of local events at any time by emailing us info@ferrariownersclub.cok.uk. Where you opt out, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Data privacy associated with staff data will be shared with those affected.
5. Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
6. Disclosures Of Your Personal Data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Organisations who supply services related to events (e.g. Motorsport Clubs; hotels; airlines).
We will supply the minimum amount of data needed by the party. We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. Transfer outside of the EEA
We use Dropbox as a repository for some documents which contain personal information. Dropbox data is hosted in the US. As Dropbox have signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield and are certified in a number of information security standards, then such a transfer is acceptable under GDPR legislation, as a similar level of data protection is provided.
8. Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulationgdpr/individual-rights/.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email Info@Ferrariownersclub.co.uk.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. The file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to member needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
11. Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
© Ferrari Owners' Club of Great Britain 2020 | Privacy Policy
| Web Design by Technique Web