http://www.cuvaison.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyAt Cuvaison, we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit our website, www.cuvaison.com and when you make a purchase from us, subscribe to any of our mailing lists, newsletters, or wine-club programs, request a tasting, or sign up for any of our events.
Our Collection And Use Of Your Personal Identifiable Information
When you join our mailing lists or newsletters, register for any of our programs or events, place an order, request a tasting, or contact us for other similar business purposes, we may collect personally identifiable information about you, including your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, and credit card information. We use this personally identifiable information to process your requests and to communicate with you about your orders. Additionally, we may also use your name and contact information to notify you of changes to our Site, new wines and releases, special offers, and events we think you will find valuable or of interest. If you do not wish to receive this information via email, you may opt out by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email. Alternatively, you may send an email to wine@cuvaison.com from the email address you would like removed and include the word "Unsubscribe" in the subject line. Or you may send a postcard to Cuvaison Estate Wines, ATTN: Customer Service, 1001 Adams Street, Suite 102, Saint Helena, CA 94574.
Disclosure Of Your Personally Identifiable Information To Third Parties
In addition to informing you about our own products and services, from time to time, we may also share your personally identifiable information with select marketing partners who offer products or services that we believe will be of interest to you. Our marketing partners may use this information to contact you directly regarding their own offers of interest. You may choose to opt-out of having your personal information shared with these third-party companies by sending an e-mail to wine@cuvaison.com with the phrase "Do Not Share" in the subject line. You may also send a postcard to Cuvaison Estate Wines Wine Estates, ATTN: Customer Service, 1001 Adams Street, Suite 102, Saint Helena, CA 94574. Additionally, we may disclose your personal identifiable information to third parties if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of our Company, its customers, or the public. We may also contract with other companies and individuals to perform certain functions and services, including processing, storing, tracking, and organizing information on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information to perform their functions, but are prohibited from using personal information for direct or indirect marketing purposes or for any purpose other than providing services to us.
Aggregate Information
We may track visits to the pages and links on our websites so we can make decisions about the design and usage of the Site. While we may choose to share this aggregate information on consumer behavior to third parties, none of this information shall contain personally identifiable information.
Cookies And Other Non-Personally Identifiable Information
As part of our ongoing efforts to ensure the best possible experience for all users of our Site, we may use "cookies" to collect anonymous, non-personally identifiable information about your visit, including your IP address, browser type, operating system, access dates and times, referring website address, and browsing activity. We use "cookies" to identify repeat visitors to our Site. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies enable us to provide special features such as storing items in your shopping cart between visits or tailoring products or services offered to you based on past preferences or geographic location. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but allow you to turn off cookies as part of the browser options. Even without cookies, you can still use most of the features of our Site, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
Advertising And Third-Party Data Collection
We may enter into relationships with third-party advertising companies to drive traffic to and serve ads on our Site. These third-party companies may also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of their own cookies and other technology (including JavaScript and web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features used by these advertisers, and their information practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection, here.
Security
We employ reasonable security measures to protect the personal information we receive from you. While we strive to create a secure and reliable site for our users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed. Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without their consent. Cuvaison Estate Wines is not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction. When we collect and transmit sensitive data such as your credit card number, we secure it using point-to-point encryption with EMV functionality layered with tokenization. No transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise data security. You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us.
Reviewing And Changing Your Information
You may view, update or change information related to your account. Visit the My Account page on the Site and enter your account using your email address and password.
Not Directed To Individuals Under The Legal Drinking Age
Our Site is not intended for people under the legal drinking age of 21. We do not seek or knowingly collect any personal information from or about individuals under the age of 21. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from an individual under the legal drinking age, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Updates To This Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by changing the "Last Modified" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and our privacy practices will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of California within the United States of America. We make no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other country. Visitors who use this Site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using our Site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.
Contact Us
Any questions you may have regarding our Privacy Policy or any information about our marketing partners should be directed via email to media@cuvaison.com. You can also write us at: Customer Service, 1221 Duhig Road, Napa, CA 94559.