http://www.21stmedway.org.uk/privacy-policy/
21st Medway Scout Group are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors.
This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
i. Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data, communication data and other analytical data provided to us during your visit.
ii. Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you comment on a site or use an online form.
iii. Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Personal Information
When provided to us, personal information is handled in accordance with the 21st Medway Scout Group’s Data Privacy Notice:
https://trial.21stmedway.org.uk/privacy
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.
Third Party Links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.