http://www.mustangdanny.com/privacy-policy-2/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Mustang Danny operates http://www.mustangdanny.com and may operate other websites. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Mustang Danny collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mustang Danny’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Mustang Danny’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Mustang Danny may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Mustang Danny also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on resolutiongeophysical.com blogs/sites. Mustang Danny only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Mustang Danny websites choose to interact with Mustang Danny in ways that require Mustang Danny to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Mustang Danny gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at resolutiongeophysical.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Mustang Danny are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Mustang Danny collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Mustang Danny. Mustang Danny does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Mustang Danny may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Mustang Danny may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Mustang Danny does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Mustang Danny discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Mustang Danny behalf or to provide services available at Mustang Danny websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Mustang Danny websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Mustang Danny will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Mustang Danny discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Mustang Danny believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mustang Danny, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Mustang Danny website and have supplied your email address, Mustang Danny may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Mustang Danny and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Mustang Danny takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Mustang Danny uses cookies to help Mustang Danny identify and track visitors, their usage of Mustang Danny website, and their website access preferences. Mustang Danny visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Mustang Danny websites, with the drawback that certain features of Mustang Danny websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Mustang Danny, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Mustang Danny goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Mustang Danny may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Mustang Danny and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Mustang Danny may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Mustang Danny sole discretion. Mustang Danny encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a resolutiongeophysical.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
about us
random posts
Bricklaying: Things You Need to Know
How to Find the Best Appliance Repair Company?
How Investment Property Buyers Help
recent comments
Recent Posts
How Investment Property Buyers Help
Bricklaying: Things You Need to Know
How to Find the Best Appliance Repair Company?
Recent Comments
Taxi BlogpostsHow Investment Property Buyers HelpDo you have several properties in your portfolio and you want to get rid of some of them? Some investment property owners may get their finances really messed up that they have to dispose of some of their properties to make ends meet. Rental property investment is a business that requires a lot of knowledge […]Bricklaying: Things You Need to KnowA home is considered as a base of the family and without a home, it could lead to an unpleasant environment. Luckily, professional brick and mortar contractors offer services directly catered to the house to fix or improve anything that you want. Here is the list of services a bricklaying company is offering: Home Renovations […]How to Find the Best Appliance Repair Company?Is your TV giving you a hard time to watch your favorite show? Maybe it is time to look for appliance repair service to see what is happening to your television. But the problem here is you are not sure where to look for a reputable company to fix the problem. If the task seems […] Archives
June 2019
May 2019
December 2018
Categories
Appliance Repair
Bricks Services
Investments
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress