http://www.therapaws.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY for: www.therapaws.org
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 13, 2007.
Our Commitment to Privacy
We use industry standard safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personal information we collect from visitors to this Web site. Personal information collected is accessible only by designated staff or agents of our organization who are also bound to this statement. It is important to recognize that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. This statement is provided to clarify our commitment to protecting the security of the personal information you provide.
Personal Information that We May Collect
When you submit a form on our site, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, postal address, zip code, telephone, etc. We do not collect or maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of 13. We will not contact children under age 13 without a parent’s permission.
In addition to the information provided by Web site visitors, our computers automatically receive and record information from your Internet browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you request.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We use information you provide on an aggregated basis to do such things as operate our site, enhance our site, and to better understand the profile of our online audience. We may also use this data, both aggregate and personal to you, to enhance your site experience on our site by displaying content and marketing messages that we believe will be of interest to you. In some cases we use your personal information to contact you or to provide information to you, such as to send newsletters to you that you request.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not sell or rent your personal information or share your personal information with other people or nonaffiliated organizations, except with your permission, and except under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Web site terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if this organization is acquired by or merges with another organization.
Third parties (hackers) may unlawfully intercept or access information or confidential transmissions.
Cookies and Other Tracking Methods
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer. We may use cookies or, in a limited number of cases and IP addresses for a number of reasons. Cookies allow us to better understand how users use our site and can help us to tailor our Web site or a marketing message to better match your needs and interests. Cookies can also help you remember your user name and password on protected areas of Web sites. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our site may not work properly if you do.
Correction of Personal Information; Opt-Out Right
We ask that you notify us of any changes to your personal information via e-mail, telephone or postal mail at the address shown in the last section of this Privacy Policy.
You may at any time request to be removed from our email list by notifying us via e-mail, telephone or postal mail at the address shown in the last section of this Privacy Policy. In the event you elect not to receive any future contacts from us, we will endeavor to remove your name from our email list in a prompt manner.
Notification of Changes
If we make any material changes in our privacy practices that affect user information already collected through our site, we will post a notice on our web site notifying users of the change.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have a complaint about our compliance with this privacy statement, you may contact us at:
Therapaws of Michigan, Inc.
PO Box 92
Dexter, MI 48130
Send Us An Email via our Online Form
VIDEO: “About Therapaws”
Therapaws of Michigan, Inc.  © Copyright 2020.  All Rights Reserved.  Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sitemap