http://www.jacksonholeoutfitters.com/index.php/privacy-policy
We are located in Alpine, Wyoming. Just a short drive from Jackson Hole.
Book Your Trail Ride: 307-699-3541All Ages Welcome!
Home
Trail Rides
Camping
Book a Trip
Photos & Video
Testimonials
Brochure
Off Season Activities
Back
Antelope Hunts
Black Bear Hunts
Elk Hunts
Mule Deer Hunts
Whitetail Deer Hunts
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy is very important to Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides (collectively, "SNS Outfitters & Guides"). We are committed to protecting the information you provide to us. If you have any questions or you feel we have not addressed your concerns, please feel free to contact us.
What Information We Collect About You
Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides collects information we need to provide our hunt guiding and outfitting services to you. To complete hunting trip reservations, we generally collect your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information and certain other types of personally identifiable information ("PII"). In the reservation process and during the course of providing guiding services to you, we may collect additional PII, such as your dietary requirements, travel preferences, medical conditions that may require the special attention of our employees during trips, and similar information.
We also receive PII when you request a catalog, subscribe to our e-mail list, or provide feedback through our website or by other means (such as by e-mail, telephone or regular mail). This PII may include additional types of information (such as the types of hunting trips that you indicate would be of interest to you).
In addition, we may receive your PII from a third party. For example, a friend may request us to send you a catalog through our website, in which case we may be provided with your name, address, e-mail address and other PII. From time to time we may engage in cooperative marketing initiatives with other companies and receive your PII accordingly.
Children's Data. Customers of Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides must be 12 years of age or older. We never knowingly target or collect PII directly from children. Any PII concerning children under 18 years of age necessary for trip reservations or other services is collected from the parents or legal guardians of such children. We will not use any games, prizes or other activities/inducements directed at children for any purpose.
Website Usage Tracking. In order to ensure that our website is as useful as possible, Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides may collect and retain details concerning visits to the website. The purpose of such collection is to analyze details about our website users' activities so that we can track the number of visits to our site, how many times each page is accessed, the paths visitors take to access various pages and other usage details. Whenever you access our website, our servers document the pages visited, partners' websites visited and certain information about your computer, including your IP (Internet Protocol) address, operating system, web browser information and screen resolution. Each time you access the Internet, your computer is automatically assigned an IP address by your ISP (Internet Service Provider) or network. When you visit pages on the Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides websites, our servers record your IP address in a log. These logs are then used for system administration (such as site usage reporting and analysis) so we can constantly improve the content we provide. We will not use your IP address or website usage information for marketing purposes.
Cookies. The Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides websites do not currently employ "cookies."
How We Use The Information Provided To Us
We will use the PII you provide to:
Make reservations and plan trips for you
Send our catalog to you
Place you on our newsletter subscription list
Send e-mail notifications of special promotions
Respond to your questions or suggestions
Improve the quality of our website.
Service Providers. Most of the services we offer require us to share your PII with service providers we use to provide our services to you (for example, hotels and other accommodation providers used on our adventure trips will require certain of your PII). In order to provide these services to you, we must share certain PII about you with these providers. We may also disclose your PII to third parties that indirectly allow us to provide services to you. For example, our web hosting provider may have access to PII transmitted through our website.
Partner Programs. Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides, LLC may time to time engage in cooperative marketing programs with select active travel partners. In doing so your PII may be shared with these partners on a one-time use basis only. Use will be restricted to e-mail, e-newsletter, catalog, postcard, and brochure mailings only.
Marketing Communications. In addition to the mailings and/or e-mails described above that are sent to Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides customers or at the request of interested persons, we may send mailings and/or e-mails advertising our services to people who have not requested it. For example, a user of our website may request that we send our catalog or our e-mail newsletter to a friend. Each such mailing or e-mail (other than one-time mailings) will include simple instructions should you decide do not wish to receive mailings or e-mail from us. If at any time you request to be removed from our mailing list, no further mailings or e-mails will be sent to you once your request for removal has been processed.
Customer Support. We will use your e-mail address or telephone number to respond to you should you encounter and report a problem with our services or our website.
No Third-Party Marketing. Other than disclosing information you provide to us to enroll in a partner program, to utilize the resources of service providers, or to engage in cooperative marketing programs with select company partners, we do not disclose your PII to third parties. Occasionally, we may send summary data pertaining to all of our customers to third parties in order to enhance the services we make available to you, but the summary information does not include any information that can personally be traced to you.
Our Obligations. Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides may be required by law to disclose PII you have provided to us. Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides may also disclose PII pertaining to someone who poses a threat to Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides interests (such as fraudulent member activities) or whose activities could harm others.
Other Uses of PII. Should Jackson Hole Outfitters or SNS Outfitters & Guides have a need to use your PII for a purpose other than those stated here, we will request your permission before doing so.
How You Can Control and Update Your Information
Should your e-mail address change, of if you would like to review, amend or correct other information in our files, you can e-mail us at or call us at 1-307-266-4229.
How We Protect the Security of Your Information
Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides employ security protocols to protect all facets of electronic and paper-based data collection, transmission, distribution and storage. To protect your PII from unauthorized internal or external access, we:
Utilize firewalls to protect servers and
Maintain audit records of log-ins, file accesses and other security incidents.
In the future, Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides may incorporate new technologies as they evolve to ensure a reasonable level of protection at all times.
Links to Other Sites
The Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides websites provide hyperlinks to third parties' websites that provide additional services and information. Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides privacy polices cannot and do not apply to external websites. Once you depart the Jackson Hole Outfitters or SNS Outfitters & Guides website you are subject to the third party's privacy policies and procedures, even those of our partners. Because Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides has no control over third parties, you should consult each website's privacy policy before providing any PII. However, we invite you to contact us if you have concerns about privacy policies of sites linked on the Jackson Hole Outfitters or SNS Outfitters & Guides websites.
Where You Can Obtain Additional Information
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of Jackson Hole Outfitters or SNS Outfitters & Guides and its websites, including the use of children's information, please contact:
Sy Gilliland SNS Outfitters & Guides : Email us at  or call 1-307-266-4229.
Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time by the posting of a modified version on its website and/or mailing the modified version to its customers. Jackson Hole Outfitters and SNS Outfitters & Guides reserves the right to transfer PII to a buyer in connection with a sale of stock or assets, merger or any other transaction resulting in a change of control of Jackson Hole Outfitters or SNS Outfitters & Guides.
Join the excitement...
Guided Horseback Adventures, Camping & Fishing with Jackson Hole Outfitters
Sitemap • Privacy Policy • Terms & Conditions
© Jackson Hole Outfitters - A Dvision of SNS Outfitter & Guides. All Rights Reserved.Web Site Design by: Waves Web Design