http://www.rentayacht.com.au/privacy
Home
Services Skipper Yourself Charters
Whitsundays School of Sailing
Flotilla Group Cruise
Guided Charters
Yacht Ownership
Fleet & Packages Our Vessels
Our Rates
Custom Packages
Plan your Trip Preparing For Your Charter
Getting Here
Things To Do
Equipment Hire
Island Resorts
Recommended Anchorages
Snorkelling Sites
Provisioning
Whitsunday Weather
Insurance
FAQs
Blog
Book Now
About Us
Contact
Privacy
Check availability and get a price
People
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Depart
Return
You are hereHome
Privacy
This statement sets out the Whitsunday Rent A Yacht (WRAY) policies relating to the collection and use of your personal information on the WRAY website. These policies are in addition to WRAY's general terms of use governing the website.
1. Protecting your personal information
This statement sets out the Whitsunday Rent A Yacht (WRAY) policies relating to the collection and use of your personal information on the WRAY website. These policies are in addition to WRAY's general terms of use governing the website.
2. Your personal information
WRAY recognises that your privacy is extremely important and that it is your right to control and keep your personal information private. WRAY understands that you provide your personal information in confidence and takes this very seriously. WRAY is committed to protecting your personal information.
3. Collecting information on the WRAY website
Whenever you visit the WRAY website, our servers automatically record general information about your usage, including which pages you visit, when you visit, how often and for how long. This data is always used as aggregated, non-personal information and is intended solely to assist WRAY in improving and enhancing its services to you. This general collection of information is done for the purpose of providing the best online service possible.
4. Cookies
WRAY utilises cookies to assist in providing you with a better user experience. Refusing cookies may prevent access to some areas of the website and limit your use of some of the WRAY services.
5. Collecting information on WRAY registered members
WRAY will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent, or access your communications on our websites, unless:
Required by law
We believe it necessary to provide you with a service you have requested
To implement our terms of use
To protect the rights or property of WRAY, any WRAY user, or any member of the public
To lessen a serious threat to a person's health or safety
6. Email communications from WRAY
WRAY can also provide you with information about our campaigns by email through electronic newsletters. This service is only for users who opt-in to such services. Registered users can also unregister from this service, easily and at any time.
7. Storage and security of personal information
Every effort is made to ensure the security of the WRAY system. In addition, WRAY employees and contractors who provide services related to WRAY's information systems are obliged to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by WRAY. However, WRAY will not be held responsible for events arising from the unauthorised access of your personal information.
You can also play an important role in keeping your personal information secure by maintaining the confidentiality of any access code, password and account used on the WRAY website. If there is any unauthorised use of your account by any other Internet user, or any other breach of security then please notify us immediately using the contact us form.
8. Feedback
WRAY welcomes ideas and feedback about all aspects relating to our service. Please use the contact us form. WRAY stores feedback from users send and will use this to administer and refine the service.
9. Privacy and website changes
From time to time, WRAY policies will be reviewed and may be revised. WRAY reserves the right to change its privacy statement at any time and notify you by posting a revised version on the website.
10. Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with WRAY, contact us by phone +61 7 49 469 232 or by using the contact us form.
11. Further information about privacy
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's website.
Last updated: February 23, 2017.