http://www.flightinfo.com/help/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Forums
New posts
Search forums
What's new
New posts
New media
New media comments
New resources
Latest activity
Airline/Corporate
Airline Pilot & Corporate Pilot Discussion
Majors
Regionals
Nationals
Cargo
Charter
Fractionals
Corporate
Foreign Carriers
Interviews, Hiring, Intel
Unions
Furloughed
Crash Pads
Events & Seminars
Aviation Job Listings
GA/Military
General Aviation Discussion
Training & Instruction
Military
Helicopters & Rotorcraft
Gliders & Lighter-than-Air
Experimental & Homebuilders
Warbirds
Aerobatics
Vintage
Homebuilders
LSA and Ultralights
CFR/Medical
Aviation Regulation Discussion
Part 61
Part 91
Part 117
Part 121
Part 135
Medicals and Aviation Doctors
Other
Aviation Events and Airshows
Flight Attendants
Flight Dispatchers & Crew Schedulers
Air Traffic Control
Aviation Mechanics
RC Aircraft & Drones
Travel Info
Aircraft Maintenance
Aircraft Ownership
Cirrus Owners and Pilots Forum
Misc Aviation
Hangar Talk
Buying or Selling
Aircraft Rentals
Diet, Health, and Fitness in Aviation
Financial, Investing, Retirement
Memorial Section
Forum Feedback and Test Posts
Forum Resources
NC Software Web Site
NC Software
APDL - Airline Pilot Logbook
Airline Schedule Importer
APDL.net Cloud Portal
Logbook Pro Desktop
Logbook Pro Mobile
Cloud Backup Service
Cirrus Elite Pilot Logbook Binders
Turn-Key Printing Service
App Store Links
APDL on Apple App Store
Logbook Pro on Apple App Store
Logbook Pro on Google Play
Gallery
New media
New comments
Search media
Resources
Latest reviews
Search resources
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Install the app
Install
NC Software is proud to announce the release of APDL - Airline Pilot Logbook version 10.0. Click here to view APDL on the Apple App store and install now.
Home
Help
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Privacy policy
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
We are Flightinfo.com ("we", "our", "us"). We're committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
We may also gather information about, and monitor, your use of the Sites and Services and may work with third-parties to assist us in doing so. To be clear, certain anonymous information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies. While the names, means and methods may change, passive collection tools may include cookies, tags and navigational data.
For example, with a "cookie," a website sends a text file to your browser. The information generated by the cookie about your use of a website (which can include your Internet protocol (IP) address, clickstream data, and connection information) will be stored. While many browsers automatically accept cookies, you should be able to modify your browser to decline cookies if you prefer; however, certain website features might not work without cookies. This site uses temporary "session" cookies in order for you to view content and browse the Sites. "Persistent" cookies may be used to help you navigate the Sites more efficiently.
Additional Information
While it may be obvious, if the Sites or Services contain links to websites controlled by third-parties, We are not responsible for those sites or any actions taken by those third-parties, including how they may use information they collect about you.
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, we will release information when it believes disclosing it is reasonably necessary (1) to comply with applicable laws, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, or (2) to investigate or enforce violations of our rights or protect the rights, property or safety of
NC Software, Inc. (site owner) and, importantly, its customers.
If you need help, we can assist you with reasonable requests in managing information over which we have control. To the extent it applies to it, we are committed in complying with the General Data Protection Regulation when dealing with personal information from the European Union, the European Economic Area and their member states, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. You may have certain rights in relation to the information, which may include the ability to request access to information, and also to delete or correct information.
Material Modifications since August 12, 2019: none
CAPTCHA privacy policy
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
Home
Help
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
By continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Accept
Learn more…
Top