http://www.kyliedog.com/etc/policy.html
Terms
of Use and Conditions
Personal and non-commercial use limitation.
This Web site can be used for personal and non-commercial use only. You are
not allowed to modify, copy, distribute, display, reproduce, publish, license,
create other works from, transfer, or sell any information from this Web site.
(This Web site and all it's contents are registered with the Library of Congress
Copyright Office).
Copyright notice.
Graphics and text are copyright 1997-2006 by Kyliedog. All graphics are copyright
Kyliedog.com, Inc. 1997-2006 and cannot be used on any Web site regardless of
whether or not it's personal/commercial except for the banner images found at
http://kyliedog.com/etc/banner.html. All rights reserved.
Third party links.
Third party links are included in this site for resources as well as content.
I am not responsible for the content on these third party sites.
Privacy Statement
Kyliedog.com discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices
for this website:
We track visitor numbers, IP addresses, browser type, demographics etc. for
statistical purposes only.
Our site's guestbook and email form allows users to give us contact information
(like their name and email address and Web site URL). The customer's contact
information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out
of receiving future mailings by contacting Kyliedog.com.
kyliedog.com will never share your information with 3rd parties without your
consent, except in the case of copyright infringement or other legal issues
such as interference or harm to Kyliedog.com or it's guests.
Disclaimer
All downloads on this page are provided AS IS and are not guaranteed to be virus-free.
Under no circumstances will Kyliedog.com be responsible for any damage caused
by a file downloaded from this site.
Acceptance
By using this site you agree to the privacy policy of Kyledog.com. If you do
not agree, do not use this site.
HOME | PSYCHIC PUPPY NETWORK | PHOTO CAVALCADE | KYLIES NEWS NETWORK | TRAVEL LOGS | KYLIES DIARY
MANY MOODS OF KYLIE | NJ DEVIL DOG | WEB ACCOLADES | VIRTUAL POSTCARDS | FUN & GAMES
WIN STUFF | BUY STUFF | RECOMMEND THIS SITE | LINK TO US | CONTACT THE PUPPY
For a Site Map of Kyliedog.com Click Here
Questions or comments about my site? Please e-mail me.
Copyright ©1996-2009 Kyliedog.com, Inc. All rights reserved
This Web site is registered with the Library of Congress Copyright Office.
Terms of
Use and Conditions, Privacy Statement
Site created and maintained by Roadchild Designs