http://www.girlscouts-ssc.org/en/about/who-we-are/privacy-policy.html
Join
Shop
Donate
Forms
En Español
ABOUT
ABOUT
EVENTS
EVENTS
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
CAMP
CAMP
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
MY GS
MY GS
SHOP
SHOP
GIVE
GIVE
ABOUTWho We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout JoinRenewLifetime MembershipBe A Girl ScoutEducator Resources EVENTS COOKIES+ CAMP VOLUNTEERS OUR COUNCIL MY GS SHOPGIVE
Join
Shop
Donate
Forms
En Español
Who We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryThe Girl Scout DifferenceLead Like A Girl Scout JoinRenewLifetime MembershipBe A Girl ScoutEducator Resources
About
Who We ArePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Girl Scouts of Silver Sage,
Inc., a 501(c)(3) nonprofit corporation headquartered in Boise, Idaho.
Girl Scouts of Silver Sage is committed to protecting the privacy of
our visitors. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect,
and use information you provide us online, as well as how we protect
children’s privacy and sets forth the terms of use of this site. By
using the pages on this site, you are accepting the practices
described in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
If our policy practices or terms of use change in the future, we
will let you know by posting the policy changes on our website.
However, we will treat all personal information we collect in
accordance with the privacy notice in effect at the time the
information is collected.
Girl Scouts’ online properties comprise of, but are not limited to,
all pages found under girlscouts-ssc.org, including
our online shop.
Data Collection
Girl Scouts of Silver Sage uses its best efforts to respect and
protect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not
collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless
they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not
require you to register or provide information to us in order to view
our site. Girl Scouts of Silver Sage only gathers personally
identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e-mail
addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example,
personally identifiable information is collected in order to process
online transactions, online donations, or job applications. This
information is used solely by Girl Scouts of Silver Sage or other
entities who are involved in the operation of this site for internal
purposes. We do not sell information you provide to us online to third
parties. We will only share personally identifiable information with
third parties when (i) the person submitting the information
authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary
operation of the site, for instance, to process a credit card
transaction, or (iii) we are required to by law. Girl Scouts of Silver
Sage has no control over or responsibility for the data collection and
use practices of third parties that process online transactions.
Children’s Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998(COPPA) protects
the personal information of children under the age of 13. This applies
to individually identifiable information about a child that is
collected online, such as full name, home address, email address,
telephone number or any other information that would allow someone to
identify or contact the child. The COPPA also covers other types of
information—for example, hobbies, interests and information collected
through cookies or other types of tracking mechanisms—when they are
tied to individually identifiable information. It is important for you
to understand this law; we encourage you to read more about COPPA.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
Girl Scouts of Silver Sage is committed to providing a safe, secure,
and fun online experience for children who visit our site. We are
dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected online
and to helping parents and children have positive experiences on the
Internet. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable
parental consent.
Parents can revoke their consent and ask that information about
their children be deleted from the site by contacting our offices by
phone at 208-377-2011 or via e-mail at general@girlscouts-ssc.org.
To revoke consent or to review personal information collected from
children, we must verify the identity of the requesting parent. When a
parent revokes consent, we will stop collecting, using, or disclosing
information from that parent’s child. Information collected and used
for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or
providing notice is not maintained in retrievable form by the site if
parental consent is not obtained after a reasonable time.
Girl Scouts believes it is good policy not to collect more
personally identifiable information from children under 13 than is
necessary for them to participate in our online activities. In
addition, be aware that all sites that are targeted to children under
13 are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.
Submissions
Girl Scouts of Silver Sage welcomes children to learn more about our
organization and, where appropriate, participate in polls and surveys,
as well as submit comments, artwork, writings, and other submissions
for posting on our website. For this reason, Girl Scouts of Silver
Sage follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published
by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Better
Business Bureau for pages targeted to children under 13. However, we
encourage this be done only with their parents’ knowledge and
supervision. We also encourage children to use an alias (e.g.,
“Bookworm”, “Skater”, etc.), first name, nickname, initials, or other
alternative to full names or screen names which correspond with an
e-mail address for any activities which will involve public posting.
In keeping with CARU’s Principle regarding respecting and fostering
the parents’ role in providing guidance for their children, we
encourage parents to check and monitor their children’s use of e-mail
and other online activities regularly.
Use of Cookies
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may
be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts of Silver Sage website
through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a website
can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing
access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage
behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content
improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s
system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique
number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of
cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the
visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Girl Scouts of Silver
Sage uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information
from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online
experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Links to Other Websites and Services
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of SilverSage. These websites have their own
privacy policies, which you should review prior to visiting them. We
have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links
solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. We do not
control the linked sites and make no representations about the other
sites you may access through this site. We do not endorse any product
or service offered by any company of person linked to this site, nor
are we responsible for the content of any information published on the
site of any other party.
Security Safeguard
The safety and security of your online experience is of the utmost
concern. Girl Scouts of Silver Sage ensures the appropriate physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures are in place to safeguard and
help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and
correctly use the information that is collected online.
Credit Card Safety
Protecting the safety of your credit card information is also
important. Your credit card number is encrypted when you place an
order and whenever a transfer is made to participating merchants. It
is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your
password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using
a shared computer.
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use,
please contact us:
Girl Scouts of Silver Sage
1410 Etheridge Lane Boise, ID 83704 Phone:
208-377-2011 E-mail: general@girlscouts-ssc.org
Thank you for visiting our site.
Hours and Locations
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Content Monitoring