http://www.cherryhillpark.com/privacy-policy
BOOK NOW
Order Online
Store Order Form
Cafe Ordering Form
COVID-19
Lodging
RV Sites
Tent Sites
Premium Log Cabins
Glamping Pods
Yurts
Cottages (Rental Houses)
Retreats
Storage
Rates & Policies
Book Now
Our Park
Amenities & Services
Map & Site Guide
Location & Contact Info
About Us
Visit DC
Transportation Options
Tours
Sightseeing Destinations
Privacy Policy
Cherry Hill Park Website Privacy PolicyCherry Hill Park respects the privacy of all our guests and we are committed to protecting it. We value your trust very highly, and we strive to protect the confidentiality and appropriate use of any personal information you provide to us.BrowsingWe do not collect personally identifiable information from guest on our website unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. When you reserve a site with us we will collect information such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card number to process your reservation. The primary purpose of capturing your e-mail address when you make a reservation with us is to send you a reservation confirmation. The confirmation may contain additional offers that we believe may be of interest to you, based on the information you provide to us. You will always be provided with a way to opt-out of future e-mailings. However we will continue to send e-mails to confirm your reservations. Like many other Internet sites, we automatically collect certain non-personal information regarding our guests, such as software client information (for example, IP addresses, browser versions and operating systems) and aggregate information (for example, number of pages accessed) in order to analyze Web traffic and usage trends, and to enable us to tailor content and services to provide a better fit to our guests' needs. Information of this nature does not pertain to your specific identity and is not associated with your personal informationInformation We Collect and How We Use ItWhen we need to collect personally identifiable information from you to provide you with a particular service, we will ask you to voluntarily supply us with the information we need. For example, if you would like to make a reservation for a site or park rental, we will ask you for information such as name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, and room preference to process your reservation. We will use your email address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you for help in processing the reservation. We will also use your contact information to:send you a pre-arrival message summarizing your confirmation details and providing other information about the area and the resort;notify you about special offers and promotions from us or our partners as described in this privacy statement; as well assend you periodic satisfaction or market research surveys.You can opt out of marketing communications at any time. You can also opt out of our research surveys. Occasionally, you may be requested to provide personally identifiable information about others to us (for example, the name, address and contact details of your travel companion). In such cases, we rely on you to obtain that other persons' consent for disclosing their information to us and inform that other persons about us, how we will use the information and our contact details for any queries.CookiesTo better serve you when you are using this site, we use "cookies" to recognize your preferences and selections. A cookie is a very small text file that is sent to a guest's browser from a web server and stored on the guest's computer hard drive. It assigns the computer a unique identifier. The cookie stores information on your hard drive so we can communicate with you more efficiently, respond to you based on prior sessions at which you provided information about you or your preferences to us and understand what you prefer to view on our Web sites. We do not use cookies to store passwords or credit card information. Cookies do not tell us your individual identity unless you have chosen to provide it to us.ReservationsWhen a guest calls our reservation center or contacts us via the Internet, fax or other means about campsite or park rental reservations, we need certain information such as name, address and telephone number to respond to the inquiry and to make the reservation. This information is sent to main office where the reservation is also recorded. A deposit is necessary to guarantee the reservation. Information collected as part of the reservation process is used as this Policy describes whether or not the guest actually utilizes the reservation. We may, but are under no obligation to, contact guest with reservations to inform them about changes in the status of reservation and may suggest alternatives.SecurityCherry Hill Park is committed to the security of the data collected on this website, and treat all information that you provide us as confidential. We use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology to secure the privacy of credit card information.MobileYou can access Cherryhillpark.com from a web-enabled mobile device to get directions to our park, click to call, or find additional information about our park. No personally identifiable information will be requested unless you make a reservation from a web-enabled device. When you make a reservation you will need to provide certain personally identifiable information such as name, email address and credit card information.Third Party WebsitesPlease be aware that this website has hyperlinks to third party websites that each have separate privacy policies and data collection practices. We have no control, responsibility, or liability for these third party policies or actions. Cherry Hill Park cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you disclose online to third party sites.Legal IssuesThis is a United States Web site and is subject to laws of the United States and the State of Maryland. Cherry Hill Park will disclose personally identifiable information without your permission when required by law, or in good faith belief that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against harmful activities to Cherry Hill Park guests, visitors, associates, or property (including this site), or to others.