http://www.campsites-uk.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Find a Campsite
Site Search
Glamping holidays
Popular Destinations
Near Me
Campsites Near Me
Caravan Parks Near Me
Glamping Near Me
Camping Pods Near Me
Tent Campsites
Caravan Parks
Glamping Sites
Other Popular Searches
Search By Accommodation
Search By Holiday Type
Search By Attraction
Search By Campsite Group
Bargain Breaks
Inspiration
Resources
Camping For Beginners
Ultimate Camping Checklist
Campsites.co.uk Awards
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This statement explains the privacy and data protection practices which apply to Campsites.co.uk, as provided by Addactive Limited. We understand and respect the importance of safeguarding your data and, while collecting personal information is necessary to satisfy the expectations and requirements of our visitors, we fully appreciate that your information must be handled respectfully.
This policy explains what information we collect, what we do with it, and the protections you have.
Collecting information
We only collect personal data from you by specifically asking for it:
When you submit an enquiry to or make a booking with one of our campsites or accommodation providers
When you submit a campsite review
When you register to receive our email newsletter(s), or take part in one of our surveys or Campetition giveaways
When you otherwise contact us via the website or email
The information we collect
We limit the personal information collected to that reasonably required to satisfy your expectations and fulfil our obligations to our accommodation providers. This information may include:
Your name and contact details, including telephone number, email and postal address
Specific information relating to your booking, as required by the campsite (eg. vehicle number plate, age, membership number, etc.)
Your IP address
Records of any correspondence
Although we may appear to collect your card details while processing your booking, this information is actually being collected and processed by our third party payment provider, Stripe and is subject to their own privacy policy. We do not see or store any card data ourselves.
How we use the information we collect
We will only use your personal information to satisfy your expectations and fulfil our obligations to our accommodation providers as follows:
To pass on the information required by our accommodation providers to secure and fulfil your booking
To send you confirmation of your enquiry or booking, follow it up, or ask for feedback
To send you our email newsletter if you have registered for it, until you unsubscribe
To respond to any queries you have raised
For any communication deemed a legitimate purpose, such as notifying you of changes to our service or in order to carry out our obligations to you
To assist with fraud prevention
Cookies
In order to optimise the experience of visitors to our website, we may use cookies to collect statistical usage data and make our website easier to use. These cookies do not identify you personally. Our advertisers may also use cookies, but this is outside of our control and we cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these.
Data security and retention
We are committed to protecting your privacy and follow strict security procedures to ensure that your personal information is not damaged, destroyed, or disclosed to a third party without your permission, as well as to prevent unauthorised access. The computers that store the information are kept in a secure facility with restricted physical access, and we use hardware firewalls and other measures to restrict electronic access.
Your personal information will be stored for no longer than is reasonably required for record keeping, complying with legal obligations and resolving disputes. Any information which we have identified as sensitive will be encrypted prior to storage.
None of the information that we collect will be disclosed to any third party, other than when contacting a specific campsite on your behalf, to data processors acting on our behalf, or if we are required to do so by law.
We will never share your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your express consent.
Links to external websites
This website contains links to third party websites that we have no control over. If you opt to visit those sites then you should check you are happy with their own privacy policies and terms of use before providing any personal information.
Your rights
Any personal information submitted via our website must be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and you are entitled to withdraw your content for data processing at any time. If you have any concerns or would like to request a copy of the data we store about you, request amendments, or request that we delete your information, you may contact us via our contact us page.
To find out more about your entitlements under this legislation, visit the Information Commissioner's web site at ico.org.uk, or read the Act online at www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2018/12/contents/enacted.
Your acceptance
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of the above personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Please re-read this policy from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any updates. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site.