http://www.rvhotlinecanada.com/privacy-policy/
Home
RVs For Sale
Featured Units
Tent Trailers
Truck Campers
Hard Sides
Hybrids
Travel Trailers
Toy Haulers
Fifth Wheels
Motorhomes
Park Models
12 Wides
Cargo Trailers
RV Storage
RV Rentals
RV Dealers
RV Resources
RV Types
RV Manufacturers
RV History
RV Glossary
RV Tours & Rallies
RV Clubs
RV Blog
Dealers
focusRV
Join RVHotline
Join AutoHotline
Banner Advertising
Submit an RV Show
Marketing Services
Featured Units
2015 DENALI 287RE Luxury Pkg
$29,900.00
2021 FOREST RIVER WILDWOOD LODGE 4002Q
$49,538.00
2020 FOREST RIVER SIERRA 39BARK
$76,995.00
2019 JAYCO TALON 392T
$75,900.00
2020 NORTHLANDER REFLECTION RAGSDALE
$77,900.00
2021 COACHMEN NORTHERN SPIRIT 2963BH
$37,995.00
2009 MONACO DYNASTY 45 YORKSHIRE
$229,980.00
2019 FOREST RIVER FLAGSTAFF FS526RLWS
$47,900.00
2019 INTECH RV Flyer Explore
$26,975.00
2020 GULFSTREAM Trailmaster 241RB
NO TAX
$25,900.00
2020 HOLIDAY RAMBLER Invicta 33HB
$179,999.00
2019 KEYSTONE HIDEOUT 258LHS
$27,900.00
2021 WINNEBAGO WINNEBAGO MICRO MINNIE 2108DS (MURPHY BED, SILVER)
$34,995.00
2020 WINNEBAGO VOYAGE 2427RB
$41,995.00
2006 FOREST RIVER Cedar Creek Silver Back 29LRLS
$14,900.00
2019 JAYCO NORTH POINT 385THWS
$89,900.00
2020 FOREST RIVER CHEROKEE 39BR
$48,702.00
2020 PRIMETIME CRUSADER 395BHL
$62,995.00
2020 FOREST RIVER CRUISE LITE 261BHXL
$24,595.00
2021 FOREST RIVER WILDWOOD LODGE 353FLFB
$45,146.00
2020 FLEETWOOD BOUNDER 35K
$173,900.00
2021 COACHMEN CLIPPER 17BH
$22,900.00
2021 CHEROKEE WOLF PUP 16BHS
$18,995.00
2019 COACHMEN Sportscoach 365RB
$249,999.00
2020 PRIMETIME CRUSADER 297RSK
$49,995.00
2021 COACHMEN TRAILBLAZER CAT28THS
$42,300.00
2007 AMERICAN EAGLE American Eagle 42F
$169,900.00
Privacy Policy
Why A Privacy Statement?
We respect your individual privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Statement, which embodies our commitment to the protection of your privacy through adherence to fair electronic information practices. This Privacy Statement puts you, the individual, in control of how your personal information is processed, and you have our promise that we will not electronically process your personal information in any way that is incompatible with this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement protects your privacy by:
Information about you
the types of personal information RVHotline.com collects about you through its Web sites;
how it collects that information;
the general purposes for which it collects such information;
the types of organizations to which it discloses the information;
the choices and means by which individuals may limit its use and disclosure.
Your Choice
whether and how certain personal information you provide is used (where such use is unrelated to the uses for which you originally disclosed it);
whether and the manner in which a third party uses certain personal information you provide (where such use is unrelated to the uses for which you originally disclosed it).
Be assured that RVHotline Canada
takes reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction;
implements reasonable policies and procedures to ensure that personal information is kept only for the purposes for which it has been gathered;
uses reasonable measures to ensure that we have accurately and completely recorded the personal information you have provided; and
provides you reasonable access to your personal information as well as procedures for correcting or modifying that information where appropriate.
About Us
RVHotline.com is a Portal site to the ever-popular RV Industry in Canada. Our goal is to help promote the Canadian RV industry where ever possible. Portions of this website were developed in co-operation with the Recreational Vehicle Dealer Association of Canada (RVDA). The RVDA upholds the highest of standards with its dealers to ensure superb customer service. RVHotline.com develops E-business solutions, websites, database management systems, website hosting and email services for a wide variety of clients and organizations across North America.
How We Put Information To Good Use
We at RVHotline.com go to great lengths to insure that your privacy is protected. The information gathered will be used by RVHotline.com and associated sites under the AutoHotline.com Corporation umbrella, for statistical evaluation of the site for marketing purposes. We do not sell our lists to third party interests for any reason.
With Whom We May Share Information
We do not disclose personal information you provide us to anyone without your permission. When requesting information about products or services that are listed on RVHotline or any associated sites of Autohotline.com Corporation you are agreeing to allow us to disclose your submitted information to only those parties required to obtain the outcome you are expecting. If you are requesting information from a participating RV dealer or making an offer on a listed RV trailer or motorhome we will forward your information on to that dealer and that dealer only.
Our Accountability To You
By using our services, you obtain the protections of, and consent to the data processing practices described in, this Privacy Statement. When you purchase our services, you also represent to us that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any third party individuals whose personal data you supply to us with regard to: (i) the purposes for which such third party's personal data have been collected, (ii) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party's personal data, (iii) which of the third party's data are obligatory and which data, if any, are voluntary, and (iv) how the third party can access and, if necessary, rectify the data held about them.
In addition to the privacy protections that we provide, our employees, agents and business partners are independently responsible for ensuring compliance with this Privacy Statement, as described below.
Employee Accountability
Only those RVHotline.com employees that have a legitimate business purpose for accessing and handling personal information obtained by us are given authorization to do so. The unauthorized access or use of such information by a RVHotline.com employee is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary action.
Additionally, our information management systems are configured in such a way as to block or inhibit employees from accessing information that they have no authority to access.
The Accountability of Agents and Business Partners
Our trusted advertisers and business partners are responsible for processing or handling some of the information that we receive. These vendors and business partners are not authorized to use such information for purposes beyond those specified by us and are required to preserve the confidentiality with which we treat such information.
About Google Analytics and Internet Statistics
What Google Advertising Features We Use
Recently we have upgraded our Google Analytics tracking software to include Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers.
Google's Advertising cookies make advertising across the internet more engaging to users and more valuable to publishers and advertisers. Some common applications of cookies are to select advertising based on what’s relevant to a user; to improve reporting on campaign performance; and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
Google uses cookies, like the PREF, NID, and SID cookies, to help customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search. For example, they use cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website, like ours. This helps Google show you customized ads across their network of partners and properties.
Additional ways Google Analytics collects data specific to your online activities is through anonymous identifiers. These include, but are not limited to:
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Other technologies are used for similar purposes as a cookie on other platforms where cookies are not available or applicable, such as the Advertising ID available on Android mobile devices.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, a device could be a desktop, tablet or smartphone. Knowing what devices are accessing your website and, specifically what pages, is valuable to a website's marketing team.
HTTP Referrer
An HTTP Referrer is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that webpage. The HTTP Referrer contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
IP Adress
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user. This type of information includes gender, age and interests.
Pixel Tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking activity on websites, or when emails are opened or accessed, and is often used in combination with cookies.
Server Logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our site. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Unique Device Identifiers
A unique device identifier (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID) is a string of characters that is incorporated into a device by its manufacturer and can be used to uniquely identify that device (for example an IMEI-number of a mobile phone). Different device identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. A given device may have several different unique device identifiers. Unique device identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as a user’s email inbox, remembering the user’s preferences and providing relevant advertising.
How We Use First-Party Cookies and Other First-Party Identifiers
Currently, our use of Google Analytics and other tracking and reporting software is limited to anonymous data. In the interests of server our clients (RVDA-endorsed RV dealers), and creating a better user experience, we analyse all collected data in an effort to evaluate pages that don't perform well, content that is popular or not, and the performance of lead-generating forms and calls-to-action throughout the website.
How Visitors Can Opt-Out of Google Analytics Advertising Features
If you are uncomfortable with your habits and actions being tracked anonymously by our team via the Google Analytics software and Advertising Features you can use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on or, if you are still unsure about how your data is being used you can learn more about how Google safeguards your data.