http://www.brewingkb.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
his is the web site of BrewingKB.
We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@brewingkb.com or you can reach us by telephone at 651-204-6871
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the e-mail address of any member.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information is never sold nor rented to third party companies.
The information we collect is used for internal review, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and site-related announcements.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to and maintain a user’s session within our forums.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
We do not collect the postal address of our visitors or members.
We do not collect the phone numbers of our visitors or members.
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The DMA’s Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Search for:
Random PostsMy BlogWhat can you do with the Dremel rotary toolSeptember 28, 2020 11:24 am Nina MarshallSite PagesHome
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
top