http://www.icslearn.co.uk/policies/
Policies
Our Policies
Cookies Information
Data Protection and Privacy
Academic Policy Handbook
Equality and Diversity
Health and Safety
Privacy Policy Summary
This is a short summary of what, when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, and your rights regarding it.
For full details, including how long we keep your data, who we share it with, how we keep it secure, and how to make a complaint, please see our privacy policy.
What information do we collect?
Details you give us such as name, contact details, and date of birth
Your education and work experience, where relevant to your course
Payment information and copies of ID (such as your passport) if you enrol with us
Information about a third party (eg. your company) if they are paying for your course
Enrolled student information such as tutor queries, coursework or assignment submissions, and special educational requirements
Information about how you use our website (for example, what parts of the site you click into)
Information from third parties we work with (for example, advertising networks and analytics providers)
Why do we collect this information?
To help us deliver and improve our courses for you
To make our website work better for you
To engage with potential students
To keep you up to date with any changes to our services or special offers
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
To help us make business decisions
Your rights in relation to information about you
Ask us to delete your information at any time, though doing so might affect our ability to fulfil our obligations to you, and we might be unable to if doing so would conflict with our legal or regulatory obligations
Ask us to give you a copy of the information we hold about you
Ask us to correct mistakes in information that we hold about you
Otherwise restrict our use of your data in certain situations
Claim compensation for damages caused by our breach of any data protection laws
You can exercise any of these rights for free by emailing studentservices@icslearn.co.uk.
Your right to unsubscribe
You can unsubscribe from marketing communications by:
Clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our marketing emails
Texting ‘STOP’ in reply to any marketing text we send you
Policies
Download Your Free Guide
Get in touch
Our friendly Course Advisors will send you more information about the course and answer any questions you have.
Your first step towards success.
Get more information on your course and one of our expert advisors will be in touch.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Mobile
Please Select Your Course
Choose a Course
Download Your Free Guide
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Learn how we keep your data private
Close
New Dates Announced Soon
Have a question?Click here to email our advisors.
Learn how we keep your data private
Close
Visiting from ?
We've got a
site tailored for you.
Yes - Visit
site
No - Stay on UK site