http://www.duck-2-water.co.uk/about/privacy-policy.asp
Request A Callback
Fill in the form below and we'll get back to you as soon as possible
NamePhoneRequest Callback
Home
Live Course Dates & Online Booking
RYA Powerboat Training
Powerboat Level 1
Powerboat Level 2
International Certificate of Competence
Powerboat Intermediate
Powerboat Advanced
RYA Motor Cruising Training
Helmsman
International Certificate of Competence
RYA Day Skipper Practical Course
Yachtmaster Coastal
Yachtmaster Offshore Preparation
Own Boat Tuition
RYA Classroom & Theory Courses
VHF Radio Course
RYA First Aid Course
RYA Radar Courses
RYA Sea Survival Course
RYA Diesel Engine Course
RYA Day Skipper Theory Course
RYA Yachtmaster Theory
RYA Online Training
CEVNI Test/CEVNI Exam
RYA PPR Online Course
Online VHF SRC Radio Course
Online Essential Navigation & Seamanship
Charters
Powerboats/Luxury Motor Yachts
Fairline 50
Fairline Targa 43
Sunseeker Portofino 375
Sunseeker Portofino 53
Solent RIB Boat Charter
Matched Event RIBs – RIB Charter, Hire & Rental
Ribcraft 585 RIB Charter and Hire
Sample Itinerary Options
Solent Events Calendar 2021
Solent Locations to Visit
Contact Us
About Us
Information Collection and Use:
Duck-2-Water is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. Duck-2-Water collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Contact and Order Forms:
We request information from the user on our contact and order forms. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and address). This information may be used for billing purposes and to fulfil customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
RYA Interactive Courses:
To enable access to your online course we need to share some of your personal data with the RYA via your user profile in www.ryainteractive.org. This learning management website is hosted and maintained by a third party called Learning Pool, who will not use your personal information for any reason other than enabling your course.
Your name and email address will be entered on www.ryainteractive.org in order to create your user account. On your first access to the site, you will be asked to enter your address and date of birth. You will have access to the site for one year in order to complete your online course. During this period, your personal information will be held on the website by Learning Pool and be available to this training centre and the RYA for the purpose of managing your course.
Instructional support will be provided by this training centre for a period of 3 months from the date of your course booking.
On completion of your course, your name, email, date of birth and address will be transferred to the RYA’s central database for the purpose of recording details of the course and any certification you gain as a result of it. This information allows the RYA to record your certification, to update any records they may already hold about you or your qualifications and to verify your certificate if required. After one year from the date of your enrolment on the course, your user account will be removed from www.ryainteractive.org.
Full details of how the RYA will deal with your personal information will be displayed when you first access www.ryainteractive.org.
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
Log Files:
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Surveys and Feedback:
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or feedback forms. Participation in these surveys or user feedback is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include satisfaction information (such as name, company, use of the product and your views on the product), and demographic information (such as post code, age bracket). Feedback information may be published on the site as a review. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
We do not ask for sensitive information such as credit card numbers online.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer services) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to legal@duck-2-water.co.uk.
Supplementation of Information:
Duck-2-Water does not share any information we receive from this website with any 3rd party sources.
Site and Service Updates:
We may send the user site and service announcement updates. Customers are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information:
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your post code), or if a user no longer requires our service, we will endeavour to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at legal@duck-2-water.co.uk.
Choice/Opt-Out:
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.
Notification of Changes:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Hear What Our Customers Have To Say
Paul Drake runs a top notch operation that will see you qualified to rent any power boat under 10m in the UK and many other countries. The permit that my wife and I completed will certainly open a new coastal world to us. We can highly recommend doing your PB2 or more skilled and technical day skipper’s license with Duck2water. Patience, comfort, knowledge, a sense of humour as well as accommodating are virtues that Paul exemplified and we greatly appreciated. The equipment seemed very good, which helped build our confidence. Look no further when it’s time to get RYA accredited.
Bit of a late review as I did my Powerboat Level 2 course over a year ago and forgot to leave a review!
Brian led our course, and having done a number of RYA courses over the years, I found him to be the best instructor I have ever had, knowledgeable, friendly, encouraging and very witty!
Facilities, boat and materials very good. Can't recommend enough!
Fantastic days training from start to finish. Warm welcome and hot drinks to start, thorough content and hands on training, finished with in-depth explanation of the exam.
Exam in comfy and relax environment.
Great tuition derived from in depth knowledge and experience Clear communication . All round positive
enquiry@duck-2-water.co.uk
Whatsapp: 07775742757
Address
Enterprise House
Ocean Village Marina
Ocean Way
Southampton
SO14 3XB
©Copyright 2001 - 2020 Duck-2-Water Ltd