https://www.treehouseanimals.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.treehouseanimals.org.
What personal data we collect and how we protect it
Tree House Humane Society has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL www.treehouseanimals.org.
Tree House Humane Society respects your privacy and has instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. We may use this information to deliver to you information about our organization, or to contact you when necessary. Tree House will not exchange, rent, or sell your address information to any other institution or organization for any reason.
We will only disclose personally identifiable information to third parties when sharing the information is a necessary operation of the website (i.e. to process credit card information), or if we are required to do so by law. By visiting the Tree House website you agree that no information you submit to the site shall contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are solely responsible for the content of any information you provide to Tree House.
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Tree House Humane Society reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this Privacy Policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the Site;
Who collects such information;
How such information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of your information;
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Tree House Humane Society by sending an email to info@treehouseanimals.org. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, email address, format preference (HTML vs. Text), address, interests, and similar information. We do not request or store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, analyze trends, track users’ movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of “Cookies”
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that some Web sites transfer to the computer that is browsing that Web site and are used for record-keeping purposes at many Web sites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Web site and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard.Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to Tree House Humane Society is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Tree House Humane Society. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Web Sites
Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Tree House Humane Society has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact:Tree House Humane SocietyYou can also send an email to: info@treehouseanimals.org
Donor Relations Policy
Tree House will respect the privacy of individual donors and will respect their wishes regarding the level of communication they wish to receive from the organization.
All donor personal information, including name, email address, physical address and phone number, whether provided online or offline, will be held confidentially.
Tree House will not retain any credit card information provided online or offline, once the requested transaction has been completed. Response cards or other paper response mechanisms will be shredded.
Tree House will not share, trade or sell donor names or personal information externally.
Tree House will not send donors fundraising solicitations on behalf of any other organization.
Donors may request anonymity or that their name not be published at any time.
Donors may request not to be solicited or define the frequency at which they wish to be solicited.
Donors may request not to receive mailings. · Donors will be recognized on an annual basis for their contributions and may opt out of recognition at their discretion.
Donors may request the manner(s) in which they wish to be contacted by Tree House and may opt out of phone calls, emails, etc., as desired, by contacting Tree House.
Donor preferences will be documented in donor records to assure preferences are respected.
You can also send an email to: info@treehouseanimals.org
Back to the top