http://www.mcnabridge.com/policies/
McNab Ridge
TRADE
WINE STORE
FUN BUNCH
MCNAB RIDGE RESERVE
MCNAB RIDGE
SHOP ALL BRANDS
WINE CLUB
VISIT US
MAP & DIRECTIONS
TASTING ROOM
NEWS&EVENTS
MAILING LIST
EVENTS
NEWS
ABOUT US
HISTORY
WINEMAKERS
VINEYARDS
WINERY
Privacy Policies
At McNab Ridge Winery, we recognize and respect our customers' privacy. We diligently protect the trust you have placed in us. We have developed a Privacy Policy to assure you that the information collected about you is only what is needed for conducting business and offering products and services that might be of interest to you.
Our Policy
Federal and California state law requires us to request identification from each consumer to prove that you are of age to legally purchase alcohol. To process an order, we need your name, home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town, email address, telephone number, date of birth and credit card number. We understand the sensitivity of this information and maintain our files on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access. In addition to obtaining personal information, we may collect tracking information for statistical purposes, which is disclosed to third parties for statistical purposes only. This aggregate information is for statistical purposes only. It is for understanding consumer trends and does not contain any personal information about you. WE DO NOT AND WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANYONE FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Personal Information and Data Gathering
McNab Ridge Winery often uses third-party development partners to assist in online development and deployment as well as in data and information collection. These companies are strictly bound by our privacy policy covered below, as well as by all other conventions and business practices of McNab Ridge Winery concerning user information and data from online sources. For the purposes of this document, the terms "We," "Us" and McNab Ridge Winery will also represent these third-party developers.
We collect anonymous information from visits to our site to help us understand the usage patterns of our site, and to provide better customer service. Information collected in this manner is provided automatically by your system and the systems that you use to connect to our site. For example, we keep track of what time people enter our site, how long they stay on the site, and what sections they visit on the site. This information is kept in aggregate, anonymous format. We use this information to better tailor our site for our visitors and their usage patterns, as well as to gauge performance and other measures of the site, again in anonymous and aggregate format.
Cookies are sometimes used to further track usage patterns of the site by users, in aggregate and anonymous format. Cookies left on your system by our site are sometimes used for the purpose of allowing users the convenience of not having to re-enter usernames and passwords on our site, however, no username or password information is kept on your local machine. Only a unique identifier is kept on your system that will allow you to access the records stored on our secure, password-protected server(s). No financial or personal information will ever be left on your system in the form of a cookie.
Registration is required to use certain features of our site. We will collect general contact information, such as name and e-mail address, as well as demographic information, such as age, gender and zip code. Data collected from online user-completed forms is stored in secure, password protected server locations. Demographic information collected is used to help us, or our partners, to analyze our aggregate user base and better tailor our site, promotions or other features to better serve that user base. Contact information is also used to better understand our user base.
From time to time, McNab Ridge Winery will contact our registered users who have opted in to be e-mailed with promotional information that we feel would be applicable to, and desired by that user. At any time a user wishes to opt-out of these e-mails, they may do so by contacting info@mcnabridge.com. Once opted-out, the user will not receive any further communication from us, aside from any system messages that are necessary to that user in specific transactions, such as e-commerce order summaries. Further use of personal information and data gathered by McNab Ridge Winery.
McNab Ridge Winery will occasionally utilize partners and vendors to assist it in analysis of the data and information collected by our sites. This information is used in aggregate and anonymous format for the purpose of better tailoring our website, promotions or other company endeavors to better suit our user base. This information is shared with our partners and vendors only on an as-needed basis. Financial information will never be shared with any organization other than those necessary for completing the financial transaction required.
On occasion, McNab Ridge Winery will sponsor sweepstakes and other promotions that are managed by third-party organizations. Information and data gathered in those instances will be held by the third-party and will normally by shared with McNab Ridge Winery. Once shared with McNab Ridge Winery that data and information is subject to McNab Ridge Winery stated privacy policy. Information and data retained by the third-party will be subject to the privacy policy stated by the third-party McNab Ridge Winery will make a reasonable best-effort to have the third-party utilize that information in accordance to McNab Ridge Winery stated privacy policy, however, cannot take final responsibility for the third-parties' actions.
McNab Ridge Winery may share any data and information gathered on its branded websites with other internal McNab Ridge Winery branded website owners and managers. Information shared will still be subject to this privacy policy.
Information and data gathered solely by McNab Ridge Winery will never be sold, traded or shared with third-parties for any other reason other than for assisting McNab Ridge Winery in its analysis, research and promotional needs.
This site may contain links to other sites. McNab Ridge Winery is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. We also encourage visitors to be courteous in communicating with others and to be smart about choosing when and to whom to release personal information online. Never disclose any personal information that is of a sensitive or confidential nature on any public area of our site.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All registration information is stored in secure locations on password-protected servers.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. Please contact info@mcnabridge.com to "opt-out" of this feature, and have yourself removed from our databases. This will not affect the use of cookies and other system data that we gather from you, as this is generally anonymous information that is used in aggregate form.
Online Store Policies
Shipments of Wine
Due to legal restrictions in shipments of wine and other alcoholic beverages, we are only permitted to ship to the following states: AZ, CA, CO,
DC, FL, GA, IA, ID, IL, KS, LA, MD, MN, MO, NC, ND, NH, NV, NY, OH, OR, SD, TX, VA, WA, WI and WY.
All wine orders must be placed by a person 21 years of age or older. Verification of age is required at the time of delivery. We recommend use of a business address to facilitate delivery of your purchase. Wine will not be delivered to a visibly intoxicated person. Failure to produce age verification forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. In such circumstances, the order may be held in storage at a local depot of the shipping company until appropriate identification is produced, or it may be shipped back to the winery. All associated costs will be the responsibility of and be charged to the customer.
Orders are processed within 24 hours of being received. All shipments are made on Monday and Tuesday only to prevent your wine from sitting in a storage area over the weekend. All shipments are shipped ground unless otherwise stated so, please allow 5-7 business days for normal delivery.
Freight is calculated towards the end of the online ordering process. Also, at this time we do not ship online store products outside the United States.
Returning or Exchanging an Item
If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it. To return or exchange an item, please complete the following steps:
1. Please contact the Tasting Room as soon as possible either by phone, fax, or email.
2. Clearly explain your dissatisfaction with the product.
3. If the complaint has to do with freight damage, we will work on your behalf to gain reimbursement from the appropriate freight company.
4. If the complaint is regarding an incorrect size or color for logo apparel, we will gladly exchange the merchandise.
Note: The credit card used for the original purchase will be credited in the amount of the product sale. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the credit to appear on your bill. Shipping and handling costs are not refundable unless we have sent the wrong item.
Inquiries
If you need to inquire about your order, please e-mail: info@mcnabridge.com
We may contract with third party marketing companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect non-personal information about your visits to our website, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on other websites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of technology such as Cookies and Web Beacons, which are industry standard. No Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is collected in this process.
You may opt-out of the use of your information for tailored advertising purposes.  To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. If you delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
STAY CONNECTED!
POLICIES   CONTACT US   MAILING LIST   SITE MAP