http://www.answerbag.com/termsofservice
Answerbag Terms of Service.
All of the legal stuff.
Effective Date: October 20, 2016
THESE TERMS OF USE, AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME ("Terms"), ARE A BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN WIRED IVY,
LLC
. ("ANSWERBAG" or "we") AND YOU ("you"). YOU MUST READ AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS, INCLUDING THE PRIVACY POLICY, BEFORE USING THE ANSWERBAG.COM WEBSITE (the "Site") OR ANY APPLICATIONS, FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITY AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SERVICE"). BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
PARTIAL VALIDITY
.
Any provision of this Agreement which is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, without affecting, in any way, the remaining provisions thereof in such jurisdiction or rendering that or any other provision of this Agreement invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any other jurisdiction and such remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE; MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENT
Description of Service
. Answerbag.com is where people share knowledge on various topics and enjoy sharing in the Answerbag community.
Age Requirement.
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service
.
MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS
Procedure
. At any time Answerbag may change these Terms, which includes the Privacy Policy and any other agreement that is incorporated by reference into these Terms. We will provide notice to you of any material change in the Terms by posting notice to the Site and sending you an email to the email address that we have on record for you. Your continued use of the Service 30 days after our notice to you of a change in the Terms will mean that you have agreed to be bound by the amended Terms.
Your Obligation to Stay Current
. It is critical that you keep your email contact information correct and updated with Answerbag at all times. In addition, we encourage you to check back regularly to review these Terms at least once every 30 days.
MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE.
We reserve the right to modify or discontinue, and restrict or block access to, the Service without notice to you. We may modify or remove any Content from the Service at any time without notice to you, including removal of Content that we believe to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable. Some examples of
objectionable content includes advertisements/promotions, spam (including multiple posts that contain the same or similar content), off-topic content, plagiarism and/or copyrighted material.
We are not liable for any such modification, suspension, discontinuance or removal, and any such action by us will not affect Answerbag's license to your Content as stated in Section 5 below.
POSTING CONTENT ON THE SERVICE; REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Content Protected by Intellectual Property Rights
. Any content available through the Service, including applications, software, text, audio, video, pictures, graphics, music, sound clips, images, likenesses, personal information and other works of authorship (collectively, "Content") is protected by the intellectual property rights of Answerbag or its licensors.
Your Warranties Regarding Your Content
. By displaying or publishing ("posting") any Content on the Service, you warrant and represent the
following
:
you own all rights in your Content or, alternatively, you have sufficient rights in your Content to grant to Answerbag the rights described in these Terms;
you will pay all license fees, clearance fees, and other financial obligations of any kind, arising from any use of your Content;
you are the individual pictured, depicted, and/or heard in your Content or you have obtained permission from each person (including consent from parents or guardians for anyone under the age of eighteen (18)) who appears and/or is heard in your Content to grant the rights to Answerbag described in these Terms; and
your Content is not defamatory, does not infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy, rights to publicity or any other legal or moral rights of any third party.
For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (IP content), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your
and
: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Answerbag (IP License).
When you publish content or information, it means that you are allowing everyone, including people off of Answerbag, to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e., your name, username, and profile picture).
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Answerbag, but you understand that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
Establishing an Account to Post Content
. To post Content on the Site, you must first complete the Site registration process to create an account with a
username
and password (the "Account"). You may not share your password with anyone unless you are a minor, in which case you may share your password with your parents or other legal guardians. You must always provide accurate current and complete information to Answerbag for the Service. You must update such information in a timely manner to maintain its accuracy and completeness. Any use of the Service through your Account will be deemed as being used by you. Answerbag is entitled to rely on the contact and other information that is supplied to us through your Account. Your Account is non-transferable and non-assignable.
SAFETY
We do our best to keep Answerbag safe, but we cannot guarantee it. We need your help to keep Answerbag safe, which includes the following commitments by you:
You will not post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) on Answerbag.
You will not collect users' content or information, or otherwise access Answerbag, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission.
You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on Answerbag.
You will not upload viruses or other malicious code.
You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else.
You will not bully, intimidate, stalk, or harass any user.
You will not post content that: is hate speech, threatening, or pornographic; incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence.
You will not develop or operate a third-party application containing alcohol-related, dating or other mature content (including advertisements) without appropriate age-based restrictions.
You will not use Answerbag to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious, or discriminatory.
You will not do anything that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or appearance of Answerbag, such as a denial of service attack or interference with page rendering or other Answerbag functionality.
You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement or our policies.
OWNERSHIP OF RIGHTS; LICENSE RIGHTS; USER SUBMISSIONS
Ownership of Your Content
. You retain ownership of your rights in any Content you post to the Service, subject to the non-exclusive rights that you grant to us as described in these Terms.
Your License to Answerbag.
Subject to your right to terminate your license to us as described in Section 5(C), you hereby grant Answerbag an irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, freely transferable, freely sub-licensable (through unlimited levels of sublicense), non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, transmit, distribute, publicly perform and display (including in each case by means of a digital audio and video transmission), advertise in, on, and around, and create derivative works of the Content you submit or make available for inclusion on or through the Service, and to incorporate such Content into other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
You also hereby waive any moral rights you may have under the laws of any jurisdiction in Content you submit or make available on or through the Service. We may (but are not obligated to) display your Content, including your username and your actual name (according to the preferences you select).
Your Right to Terminate the License
. For Content consisting of photos, graphics, audio or video (but not, for clarity, any Content solely in the form of text) that you have submitted or made available for inclusion on or through the Service, you may remove
it via request to Answerbag
. If you want Answerbag to stop distributing the materials, simply send us written notice to stop distributing such materials, in which event we will stop distributing the materials within 30 days. Your notice must be signed by you, include your telephone number and email address, and be sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to Wired Ivy,
LLC
. PO Box 639, Kirkland, WA, 98083, USA, Attn: Copyright Agent. In addition, the notice must clearly identify the Content at issue, describe the specific use of the Content you wish to end, and contain statements that you own or have an exclusive right to the Content and that all the information in the notice is true and correct. The 30 day period for Answerbag to stop distributing your Content begins only once Answerbag has received a notice complying with the requirements of this Section 5(C).
User Contact Submissions
. When you submit ideas, suggestions, documents, or proposals (collectively, "Submissions") to Answerbag through our
, you represent, warrant, and agree that: (a) your Submissions do not include confidential or proprietary information; (b) if we so choose, Answerbag may use and disclose your Submissions in any way; and (c) Answerbag has no obligation to pay or reimburse you for your Submissions or our use of your Submissions.
PROHIBITED CONTENT
You must not post to the Service any Content that, as reasonably determined by Answerbag, is or appears to be the following:
untrue, misleading, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, invasive to another person's privacy or protected data, hateful, or racially or otherwise objectionable;
infringing upon a third party's intellectual property rights, including any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, including any Content that is the subject of any claim of infringement;
of a type that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships, such as proprietary and confidential information;
unsolicited, undisclosed or unauthorized advertising;
software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
data or information obtained through access that was not authorized by the owner, or that you are not authorized to post; or
in violation of any applicable local, state, national or international law (including export laws).
PROHIBITED CONDUCT; LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR SPAM.
Prohibited Conduct
. You must not do, or attempt to do, any of the following, as reasonably determined by Answerbag, subject to applicable law:
access or use the Service in any way that is not in compliance with any applicable local, state, national or international law (including export laws), contracts, intellectual property rights or constitutes the commission of a tort, or for any purpose that is harmful or unintended (by us), or other than in full compliance with these Terms;
access, tamper with, or use services or areas of the Service that you are not authorized to access;
alter information on or obtained from the Service;
tamper with postings, registration information, profiles, submissions or Content belonging to Answerbag or other users of Answerbag;
use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access the Service or extract data or gather or use information, such as email addresses, available from the Service or transmit any unsolicited advertising, "junk mail," "spam," or "chain letters";
frame any part of the Service, or link to the Service, or otherwise make it look like you have a relationship to us or that we have endorsed you or your Content for any purpose except as expressly permitted in writing by Answerbag;
impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
reverse engineer any licensed software, application, games or any other aspect of the Service or do anything that might discover source code, or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any area, content or code of the Service;
send to or otherwise impact us or the Service (or anything or anyone else) with harmful, illegal, deceptive or disruptive code such as a virus, "spyware," "adware" or other code that could adversely impact the Service or any recipient; or
take any action which might impose a significant burden (as determined by us) on the Service's infrastructure or computer systems, or otherwise interfere with the ordinary operation of the Service.
Liquidated Damages
. IF YOU SEND UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL EMAIL OR ADVERTISING, BULK EMAIL, SPAM, OR CHAIN LETTERS (COLLECTIVELY, "UNSOLICITED EMAIL OR OTHER COMMUNICATION") THROUGH THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU WILL HAVE CAUSED SUBSTANTIAL HARM TO ANSWERBAG, BUT THAT THE AMOUNT OF THE HARM WOULD BE EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO ASCERTAIN. AS A REASONABLE ESTIMATION OF SUCH HARM, YOU WILL PAY LICENSOR $40 FOR EACH SUCH UNSOLICITED EMAIL OR OTHER COMMUNICATION.
MONITORING OF SERVICE CONTENT; RESOLUTION OF USER DISPUTES
No Duty to Monitor
. We are under no obligation to restrict or monitor the Service or any Content in any way. ANSWERBAG DOES NOT REGULARLY MONITOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF CONTENT. However, we reserve the right to modify or remove any Content at any time. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or Content expressed or made available by third parties, including other users, are those of the respective author(s) and not of Answerbag. Answerbag neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, information, or statement made on the Service.
Right to Resolve Disputes
. Answerbag has the right, but not the obligation to resolve disputes between users relating to the Service and Answerbag's resolution of a particular dispute does not create an obligation to resolve any other dispute. Answerbag's resolution of any dispute is final with respect to the Service.
We try to keep Answerbag up, bug-free, and safe, but you use it at your own risk. We are providing Answerbag as-is without any express or implied warranties including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We do not guarantee that Answerbag will always be safe, secure or error-free or that Answerbag will always function without disruptions, delays or imperfections. Answerbag is not responsible for the actions, content, information, or data of third parties, and you release us, our directors, officers, employees, and agents from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties. If you are a California resident, you waive California civil code §1542, which says: a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. We will not be liable to you for any lost profits or other consequential, special, indirect, or incidental damages arising out of or in connection with this statement or Answerbag, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. our aggregate liability arising out of this statement or Answerbag will not exceed the greater of one hundred dollars ($100) or the amount you have paid us in the past twelve months. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In such cases, Answerbag's liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
PROTECTION OF CONTENT.
License by Answerbag to You
. You must respect the intellectual property laws protecting our Service. Answerbag grants you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license, under the rights Answerbag has in the Content, to privately display and perform the Content on your computer for your own personal, noncommercial purposes.
Reservation of Rights
. On its own behalf and the behalf of its licensors, Answerbag reserves all rights in the Content, including any software, not expressly granted in this Section 9. Answerbag does not in any way grant any other rights to you. Except as expressly stated in this Section 9, you may not reproduce, distribute, modify, publicly perform or display, or prepare derivative works of any Content, including any software, without prior written consent from Answerbag or other third-party owner of the rights in that Content (if any).
PRIVACY POLICY.
Please see our
. Our Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into these Terms. We reserve the right to contact you about these Terms or any Content or activities relating to the Service.
TERMINATION OR CANCELLATION.
Right to Terminate
. We may, at any time, without notice to you, terminate your access to the Service, and your Account, or block your access to the Service if:
we believe in our sole discretion that you may have violated these Terms or have otherwise engaged in any activities that may harm or damage the reputation, rights, person, or property of Answerbag, our users, or any other person;
requested by law enforcement or other government agencies; or
your Account has extended periods of inactivity.
Notice of Termination
. If applicable law requires us to provide notice of termination or cancellation, we may give prior or subsequent notice by posting it on the Site or by sending a communication to any address (email or otherwise) that we have for you in our records.
Effect of Termination
. Upon termination of your Account or the Service, your agreement with Answerbag pursuant to these Terms will also terminate, except that the following provisions survive the termination: Section 4 "Posting Content on the Service; Representations and Warranties," Section 5 "Ownership of Rights; License Rights; User Submissions," Section 9 "Protection of Content," Section 13 "Indemnification," Section 14 "Disclaimer of Warranties," Section 15 "Exclusion of Damages; Limitation of Liability," and Section 19 "Additional Terms" and the Privacy Policy. If your Account or access to the Service is terminated, you may no longer have access to the Content you posted on the Service.
DEALINGS WITH MERCHANTS; LINKS
Advertisements and Links
. The Service contains advertisements, offers, or other links to websites of third parties that we do not control. Advertisements and other information provided by third parties may not be wholly accurate. Answerbag is not responsible or liable for (i) the availability or accuracy of such sites or advertisements; or (ii) the content, products or services available from such sites. The inclusion of any link on the Service does not imply that we endorse the linked site. You use the links at your own risk. Answerbag Privacy Policy is applicable only when you are on our Site. Once you link to another website, its privacy statement applies to any personal information you supply.
Transactions with Third Parties
. Your transactions and other dealings with third party merchants or advertisers that are found on or through the Service, including "click to purchase," "co-registration," and other similar programs, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, are solely between you and such merchant or advertiser.
INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to hold Answerbag and Wired Ivy, and their subsidiaries, affiliates (for example, those listed at www.
wiredivy
.com), officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, and suppliers, and each of their respective successors and assigns (collectively, the "Indemnified Persons"), harmless from, and indemnify them for, all damages, costs, expenses and other liabilities, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, relating to any claim arising out of or related to: (i) your access to and use of the games, software, and other aspects of the Service and the Content; (ii) your violation of these Terms, and any applicable law or the rights of another person or party; (iii) any dispute you have with any user of the Service and any dispute you have related to any merchant or advertising found on or through the Service; (iv) Answerbag's resolution (if any) of any dispute you have with any user of the Service; (v) your improper authorization for Answerbag to collect, use or disclose any Content provided by you; and (vi) any disclosures made with your permission.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
ANSWERBAG PROVIDES THE SERVICE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANSWERBAG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE OR THE INFORMATION, GAMES, SOFTWARE, OR CONTENT INCLUDED IN THE SERVICE. ANSWERBAG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, VIRUS-FREE, SECURE, OR TIMELY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANSWERBAG EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND THOSE ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, TRADE, USAGE OR PERFORMANCE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. WE URGE YOU TO KEEP BACKUP COPIES OF YOUR PERSONAL CONTENT, IF ANY, THAT YOU MAINTAIN ON OR USE WITH THE SERVICE. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING PROPERTY, MATERIAL, EQUIPMENT OR DATA, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY RESULTING COSTS OR DAMAGES.
EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES;
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NONE OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSONS ARE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, STATUTORY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PRIVACY, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR ANY OTHER LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IN THE EVENT OF FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT OR PRODUCT LIABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OF THE INDEMNIFIED PERSONS EXCEED, IN TOTAL, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US.
COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT/DMCA.
Answerbag respects the intellectual property rights of others and requests that users of the Service do the same. If you believe that your work is being used on the Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing:
the electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner's behalf;
identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and information reasonably sufficient to permit Answerbag to locate the material (for example, by providing a URL to the material);
your name, address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement that the information in your notification is accurate and a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Our designated agent to receive notification of claimed infringement can be reached at:
Copyright Agent
PO Box 639
Kirkland, WA, 98083, USA
It is our policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances any Account or user for repeated infringement of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, and we also reserve the right to terminate an Account or user for even one instance of infringement.
Answerbag may access, preserve and disclose to third parties any of your information or data (including personally identifiable information and private communications) related to a written complaint of copyright infringement if we believe in our sole discretion that such access, preservation, or disclosure is necessary or useful to respond or otherwise address such complaint.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT.
We have no obligation to provide you with customer support of any kind. However, we may provide you with customer support from time to time, at our sole discretion, if you have created an Account and you submit your customer support questions using your Account.
NOTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION.
Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, Answerbag will give you any notices by posting them on the Site. Since notice of any material change to the Terms will be posted to the Site for at least 30 days, we encourage you to visit the Site at least that often. You also authorize Answerbag to send notices (including notice of subpoenas or other legal process, if any) via electronic mail to the email address that we have on record for you. You must check the Site for notices, and you will be considered to have received a notice when it is made available to you by posting on the Site or when sent by Answerbag via electronic mail, whether or not received by you. Answerbag may provide notice to any email or other address that you provide to us. You must keep your address current and any notice sent by Answerbag to the address that you have most recently provided is effective notice. With the exception of notices related to removal of licensed material and to copyright infringement as described in Sections 5 and 16 above, respectively, you must send us any notice by mailing it to our address for Legal Notices which is:
Wired Ivy
,
LLC
.,
PO Box 639  Kirkland, WA, 98083, USA
, U.S.A., Attn: Legal Department.
ADDITIONAL TERMS
Agreement to Conduct Transactions Electronically
. All of your transactions with or through the Service may, at our option, be conducted electronically from start to finish. If we decide to proceed non-electronically, those services will still be governed by the remainder of these Terms unless you enter into different terms on a form provided by us. If the law allows you to withdraw this consent or if we are ever required to deal with you non-electronically, we reserve the right to charge or increase fees and you agree to print or make an electronic copy of the Terms and any other contract or disclosure that we are required to provide to you.
Compliance with Laws
. You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Access to the Service Content by certain persons or in certain countries may not be legal.
No Agency; No Third Party Beneficiary
. These Terms do not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship. Except for the Indemnified Persons, there are no third party beneficiaries of these Terms.
Severance
. If any part of the Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalid or unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible and the remainder will remain in full effect, provided that the allocation of risks described in these Terms is given effect to the fullest extent possible.
Assignment
. These Terms are personal to you and you may not transfer, assign or delegate them to anyone without the express written permission of Answerbag. Any attempt by you to assign, transfer or delegate these Terms without the express written permission of Answerbag will be null and void. Answerbag has the right to transfer, assign and delegate these Terms to one or more third parties without your permission.
Jurisdiction; Choice of Law; Export Limitations
. This Service is controlled by us from our offices in the United States of America and is directed to U.S. users. If you access the Service from locations outside the U.S., you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export anything from the Service in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations or the Terms. These Terms and all performances and claims of every nature between us are governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., without regard to any conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the law of a different jurisdiction. You and Answerbag submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located within Los Angeles
County
,
Limitations on Actions
. Any action concerning any dispute with respect to the Service must be commenced within one year after the cause of the dispute arises, or the cause of action is barred.
Interpretation
. The paragraph headings in these Terms are included to help make these Terms easier to read and have no binding effect. As used in these Terms, the words "include" and "including" are meant to be illustrative and not exhaustive.
Entire Agreement
. These Terms (including terms incorporated into them, e.g., the Privacy Policy and Supplemental Terms) and any policies and guidelines posted to the Service by Answerbag comprise the entire agreement (the "Entire Agreement") between you and Answerbag with respect to the use of the Service and supersede all contemporaneous and prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein, and neither party has relied on any representations made by the other that are not expressly set forth in the Entire Agreement.
No Waiver
. The failure of any party to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms, including any failure to act with respect to a breach, will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision or that party's right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. We suggest that you print out a copy of these Terms for your records.
Further Information
If you have a complaint, you may contact us at Answerbag Legal Department, PO Box 639, Kirkland, WA, 98083, USA, U.S.A. If you are a California resident, the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Dept. of Consumer Affairs may be contacted at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814 or (800) 952-5210.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF FILTERING SOFTWARE
All users are hereby informed by the provider of this interactive computer service that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. A report detailing some of those protections can be found at
.
NOTICE: NO HARVESTING OR DICTIONARY ATTACKS ALLOWED
YOU MAY VIOLATE FEDERAL LAW IF YOU: (1) INITIATE THE TRANSMISSION TO ANSWERBAG COMPUTERS OR DEVICES OF A COMMERCIAL ELECTRONIC MAIL MESSAGE (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. "CAN-SPAM ACT OF 2003") THAT DOES NOT MEET THE MESSAGE TRANSMISSION REQUIREMENTS OF THAT ACT; OR (2) ASSIST IN THE ORIGINATION OF SUCH MESSAGES THROUGH THE PROVISION OR SELECTION OF ADDRESSES TO WHICH THE MESSAGES WILL BE TRANSMITTED.
NOTICE RE TRADEMARKS
The trademarks Answerbag, Wired Ivy and all other trademarks listed below or used in the Service are owned or used under license by Answerbag and its affiliated organizations. The names of third parties and their products mentioned may be their trademarks. You may not use any of the above or other trademarks displayed on the Service or in any Service content. All rights are reserved.
NOTICE RE COPYRIGHT OWNERSHIP: © Wired Ivy,
LLC
. U.S.A. All rights reserved.
Copyright 2020, Wired Ivy, LLC
Answerbag |
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy