https://www.lalique.com/en/general-terms-and-conditions#accessibility
Home
General Terms and Conditions
General Terms and Conditions
LALIQUE NORTH AMERICA, INC.
Director of publication : Mr. James Mun, President & CEO, Lalique North America
133 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10003
Tel: 212.355.8536
Fax: 212.355.6494
1 | Scope of Application
Your use of, or purchase of any products through, the lalique.com website (the “Website”) is subject to these General Terms and Conditions (these "Terms and Conditions").
By using the Website or purchasing products through the Website, you agree (i) to these Terms and Conditions, and (ii) that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that Lalique North America, Inc., a New York corporation (“Lalique”), provides to you electronically satisfy any and all legal requirements that such agreements, notices, disclosures or other communications be in writing.
Orders may only be placed on the Website by individual consumers and corporations purchasing products other than for resale.  Any resale or distribution of products purchased on the Website is strictly prohibited.
You may not assign your contractual rights under these Terms and Conditions to any third party without Lalique's prior written consent, which consent Lalique may withhold in its sole and absolute discretion.
By purchasing a product through the Website, you represent to Lalique that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older and that you are authorized to make the purchase using the credit card account information that you provide.  When you use the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your access information for the Website and for restricting access to your computer or the other device (collectively, your “Computer”) that you use to access the Website.  You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or access information and/or all activities on your Computer relating to any use of the Website or any purchase of products through Website.  In the event the confidentiality of your account or access information is compromised in any manner, you should notify Lalique’s Customer Service Departmentimmediately using the contact information set forth in Section 2 (Parties to the Contract, Customer Service and Warranty Claims).
Lalique may update these Terms and Conditions, at any time and in its sole and absolute discretion, in which case the applicable version of said Terms and Conditions shall be those posted at the time you use the Website or make a purchase through the Website, as applicable.
These Terms and Conditions apply solely to this Website.  Please note that certain other Lalique internet services may have additional terms and conditions regarding your use of those services, and nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to modify such additional terms and conditions.
2 | Parties to the Contract, Customer Service and Warranty Claims
Lalique North America, Inc.
25 Branca Road
East Rutherford
NJ 07073, USA
All complaints or warranty claims may be sent to the above address.  Lalique's Customer Service Department may be contacted using the following contact information:
Phone:  1.888.488.2580 (Monday - Friday, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm Eastern Standard Time)
Email:  customerservice@lalique.com
3 | Terms of Ordering
The Website may be used to order a selection of products from Lalique directly online via the Internet, but solely from the United States.  By ordering products through the website, you represent and warrant to Lalique that you are located in the United States.
The delivery zone for Lalique products ordered through the Website is restricted to the United States, excluding Puerto Rico, Guam and all other U.S. possessions and territories. Any delivery address outside the United States will be refused during the ordering procedure.  Lalique will not process any order for which a post office box or APO/FPO address is provided.
For each product selected on the Website, a summary page will be displayed automatically featuring a photograph of the product, its coloring and references, the quantity selected, its unit price and the total amount owed for the product.  You should confirm that this information accurately reflects your selection before confirming your order.
While every effort is taken to try to ensure that the coloring, design and style of the products in the photographs displayed on the Website are representative of the original products, variations may occur due to technical restrictions relating color reproduction on the Computer that you are using to view the Website.  Accordingly, Lalique shall not be liable for any error or inaccuracy in the photographs or graphical representations of products displayed on the Website.  If you have any questions about the products, you may Lalique’s customer service by using the contact information set forth in Section 2 (Parties to the Contract, Customer Service and Warranty Claims).
Lalique reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to cancel any order placed by you if it has a dispute with you or one of your affiliates concerning a prior order, or if Lalique has reasonable cause to suspect that you or one of your affiliates have violated these Terms and Conditions or are engaged in any fraudulent activity, or for any other legitimate reason.
4 | Availability
Product offers and prices on the Website are valid subject to availability.  Occasionally, errors or amendments may exist, especially in case of simultaneous orders of the same product by several customers.
Should a product be unavailable after ordering, you will be notified by email or telephone as soon as possible and will be given the opportunity to either order another product shown on the Website, in substitution, or to cancel your order.  If you choose to cancel your order, you will be promptly refunded if your credit card or charge card has been debited.
Under no circumstances shall Lalique be liable in the event of any stock outage or unavailability of products.
Lalique reserves the right to change, at any time and without prior notice, the products offered for sale on the Website, including the specifications, terms, prices and warranties in relation to these products.
5 | Order Confirmation
At the end of the ordering procedure, you must click the "Submit" button to confirm your order.  Any orders placed on the Website constitute a binding offer by you to conclude a purchase with Lalique.  Once your order is submitted, your order is transmitted to Lalique for processing.  It can not be amended or cancelled except under the express conditions provided for in these Terms and Conditions or as otherwise permitted under applicable law.  The submission of your order (without limitation) is an acknowledgement by you of your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
If your order is accepted by Lalique, you will receive an order confirmation after submitting the order on the Website.  Be advised that the binding purchase agreement only becomes effective when Lalique accepts your order by sending you an email or written order confirmation and/or ships you the product(s) ordered.  Such email shall be sent to the email address registered with the order.
The data registered by the Website establishes proof of the transaction between you and Lalique.  In the event of a dispute between you and Lalique regarding a transaction made on the Website, the data registered by Lalique is considered as an irrefutable proof of the content of the transaction.
6 | Prices and Payment Terms
The prices of products on the Website are indicated in US dollars, excluding taxes and shipping costs (see Section 8 (Shipping and Delivery)).
Where Lalique is required by law to collect applicable taxes relating to your order, you authorize Lalique to charge the applicable taxes to your credit card.
Lalique reserves the right to modify the prices of products offered on the Website at any time and without prior notice. You will be charged the prices displayed on the Website at the time your order is confirmed, provided the products ordered were available at that time.
You are required to pay for any order placed on the Website immediately upon confirmation of your order.  Lalique only accepts payment by the charge cards and credit cards listed below.  You cannot use store credits or gift certificates issued by Lalique boutiques to purchase products offered on the Website.
All orders are payable in US dollars.  Lalique accepts the following charge cards and credit cards: American Express®, MasterCard®, Visa® and Discover®.  Your order only will be dispatched once Lalique has verified your payment method and received authorization to process your payment.
Your charge card or credit card will only be charged when your order is dispatched.  If any of the products included in your order are unavailable, Lalique will only charge you the prices, taxes and shipping costs for the available products.
7 | Reservation of title
The products ordered by you on the Website remain the property of Lalique until payment in full has been received by Lalique.
In the event, for any reason, payment in full is not received by Lalique, you are required to return to Lalique, upon request, the Products you have received from Lalique.
While any products ordered from Lalique are in your possession (including in transit to Lalique in the event of a return), you assume all risk of loss relating to the products (in particular theft or damage) until such products are returned to Lalique.
8 | Shipping and Delivery
8.1. Shipping costs
As part of the ordering procedure, you will be asked to select your preferred shipment method.
Delivery costs vary depending on the value of your order and the shipment method you select:
Total Order Value
Ground
2nd Day
Overnight PM
Overnight AM
$1-$100
$15
$30
$50
$60
$101 - $500
$15
$35
$65
$75
$501 - $1,000
$25
$50
$75
$85
$1,001 - $2,500
$35
$75
$100
$110
$2,501 - $5,000
$45
$125
$175
$185
$5001 - $10,000
$60
$200
$250
$260
$10,001 and over
$75
$250
$350
$360
Ground: allow between three (3) to seven (7) business days between the date of your order and your date of delivery.
2-Day: your order must reach Lalique before 1 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time).  It will be delivered within two (2) business days.  Please contact our customer service department to confirm this option.
Overnight: your order must reach Lalique before 1 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time).  It will be delivered the following business day.  This overnight option is not available for addresses in Hawaii and Alaska.  Please contact our customer service department to confirm this option.
We will inform you of the shipping costs for the shipment method you will have selected in the order summary displayed on the Website before you confirm your order.  This amount will be payable by you in addition to the purchase price, including all applicable taxes, of the products ordered.
8.2. Time required for delivery
During the ordering procedure, we will inform you of the time required for delivery and the various forms of delivery available for the products purchased.
8.3. Delivery Problems
Any failure to deliver or any delivery exceeding eight (8) business days should be reported to Lalique’s customer service, as soon as possible, by using the contact information set forth in Section 2 (Parties to the Contract, Customer Service and Warranty Claims).  For your claim to be valid, you must notify Lalique’s customer service not later than thirty (30) calendar days following the date of confirmation of shipping your order by Lalique.
Upon delivery, you should confirm that the delivered products match those that you ordered.  If there are any discrepancies in your order when the products are delivered to you, you should note the nature of the potential discrepancy (e.g., open package, damaged products, etc.) and notify Lailque’s customer service immediately.
If the products do not conform to your order or if you are not satisfied with them, you may return them, exchange them or request a refund pursuant to the stipulations and conditions contained in Section 12 (Returns & Refunds).
9 | Applicable Law; Jurisdiction
By using the Website or purchasing products through the Website, you agree that the laws of the state of New Jersey shall govern said actions as well as these Terms and Conditions without giving effect to any conflict of laws rules or principles.  All actions or proceedings arising directly or indirectly therefrom or related hereto shall be litigated only in the courts of Bergen County in the State of New Jersey.  Lalique and you hereby consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
10 | Proprietary Rights
Content included on or comprising the Website, including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other material (collectively "Content") are protected by copyrights, trademarks, patents and/or other proprietary rights.  All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws and Lalique owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such laws, the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such Content.  Except as expressly authorized or licensed, you may not copy, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part.
11 | Privacy policy
The Website is operated by Lalique.  Lalique has created the privacy policy in this Section 11 of these Terms and Conditions (the "Privacy Policy") to communicate Lalique’s policies and practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of information about you obtained on or through the Website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  Lalique may change or update this Privacy Policy periodically (see Section 11.5 (Changes and Updates to Privacy Policy)).  You can view the most current version of the Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the hyperlink labeled "Legal Information".
By using the Website, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information, including personal and financial information, by Lalique on the terms described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or any modifications hereto, please exit the Website now and do not purchase any of the products offered for sale on the Website; however, be advised that this Privacy Policy will apply to your actions prior to exiting the Website.
11.1. Collection and use of Information
Personal Information
While you can view the Website by browsing anonymously, Lalique collects personal information voluntarily provided by you when you make purchases through the Website, register with or on the Website, or contact Lalique via the Website.  You may provide personal information for various reasons, including but not limited to, obtaining newsletters, product information, event information, and services, or to answer surveys, enter contests and receive notice of other promotional opportunities. The type of personal information that Lalique collects includes name, address, phone number, email address, as well as certain financial information such as charge card or credit card information.
Lalique may also use the information that you provide to create a personal customer profile to let you know of products or events that may be of interest to you and to streamline future purchases.  In the event that you provide Lalique with your credit card or charge card information, Lalique will only use such information to check your financial qualifications and to collect payment.
Lalique may combine the personal information it collects via the Website with other information it collects offline about you to better tailor marketing or website content or for other purposes, such as internal research.  For information on how to opt-out of allowing Lalique to use your personal information for marketing purposes, see Section 11.6 (Changes & Access to Your Personal Information).
Non-Personal Information
Lalique collects certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit the Website.  This information does not relate to a single identifiable visitor.  It tells Lalique such things as how many users visited the Website and the pages accessed.  Collecting this information helps Lalique tailor the Website to its visitors.
When you visit the Website to browse, read or download information, Lalique automatically collect standard computer information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses.  Lalique generally does not link standard computer information to anything that will allow Lalique to identify users unless to enforce compliance with Lalique’s rules or these Terms and Conditions or to protect our service, site, users or others.
Lalique also may collect aggregate and non-personal information through, "cookies" as explained below.
What are your rights under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84?
California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and address. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to:customerservice@lalique.com.
Cookies
Lalique reserves the right to use cookies and similar devices on the Website to facilitate site-navigation and to customize the information that appears on the Website.  Lalique also reserves the right to use cookies and similar devices to collect non-personal information about you, such as your IP address, the type of web browser and operating system being used and/or the pages of the Website you visit. Lalique collects this information to monitor usage of the Website and to improve the Website.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can also be configured not to do so or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  If you disable your browser from accepting cookies, it may prevent you from moving freely from page to page on the Website and from taking advantage of all of the features of the Website.
11.2  Sharing of Information
By purchasing products through the Website, you agree that Lalique may share your personal information with third parties who provide services to the Website, to verify your information, authenticate payments and process orders.  Lalique also may disclose certain financial and other information you provide to Lalique to third parties that provide credit reporting, payment or order fulfillment services.
Lalique may disclose your personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, a subpoena or other legal process. For example, Lalique may disclose such information as is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against a person or entity who may be violating these Terms and Conditions, or who may be causing injury to, or interfering with, other users of the Website.  In the event that Lalique or all or part of its assets, are acquired by a third party, the Lalique customer list may be included in the transferred assets.
11.3  Links
The Website may contain links to third party websites.  Lalique has no control over, and is not responsible for, the content, policies or actions of these websites.  The use of any information you may provide to third parties on other websites, or which such parties may otherwise collect on other websites, is not governed by this Privacy Policy.  You should carefully review the privacy policies of any third party websites and contact the operators of those websites if you have any questions about their use of your information.  Lalique is not responsible for any third party, or its affiliates or agents, failure to use your personal information in accordance with such third party's privacy policy, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which such third party, its affiliates or agents, may be subject.
11.4  Security
Lalique has implemented security measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and use.  All financial information you provide on the Website is stored on a secure site operated by a financial institution chosen by Lalique. Transactions conducted on the Website are protected by an SSL encrypting system; however, please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by persons other than the intended recipient.
11.5  Changes and Updates to Privacy Policy
By using the Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy reflects Lalique’s current business practices, and is subject to change and update.  In the event of any such change or update, a revised policy will be posted online on the Website, with the last date of update noted on the bottom of the page.  Please check the Website periodically to remain informed of any changes or updates to this Privacy Policy and Lalique’s other privacy practices.  If Lalique intends to disclose your personal information to third parties or affiliated companies in a manner that is not already outlined in this Privacy Policy, Lalique will notify you by e-mail and provide you with an opportunity to opt out of any further use or disclosure of your personal information.
11.6.  Changes and Access to Your Personal Information
You may ask Lalique to correct, update or delete information you have provided to Lalique and for which you allowed registration in the Lalique customer database by contacting Lalique’s Customer Service Department immediately using the contact information set forth in Section 2 (Parties to the Contract, Customer Service and Warranty Claims).  If applicable, you should be sure to provide Lalique with any updates and changes to your information, including any changes to your postal or e-mail address to ensure that your orders are shipped to the correct address and that Lalique can contact you about your order if necessary.  Lalique may retain, for archival purposes, copies of communications with users of the Website and any response to questions or comments sent to users by Lalique.
12 | Returns & Refunds
Return directly to Lalique:
You are entitled to return any product ordered through the Website within the thirty (30) calendar days following the date of delivery, subject to the following terms and conditions:
Returned merchandise must include the vendor packaging and tags and be in the same condition as when it was received.  Lalique will not accept any return if the product shows signs of wear, has been used or is altered in any way from its original condition.
To return a product, please contact Lalique Customer Service at:
customerservice@lalique.com
or 1.888.488.2580 between 9:00 am – 5:00 pm (Eastern Standard Time), to receive a Merchandise Return Authorization (MRA) number.  You must enclose the original receipt with your return or a copy if you are returning part of your order.
For products received as a gift obtained from the Website, you are only entitled to a merchandise exchange.  You may exchange the product for one or several different products which together are equal in value to the full value of the original product you received as a gift.
If you exchange products, the shipping costs for the first delivery will not be refunded. Only one exchange with respect to each product originally ordered will be honored (i.e., exchanged products may not be subsequently exchanged a second time).
If you ask for a refund, Lalique will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any refund will be made within five (5) business days of receipt of the products returned by crediting your charge card or credit card.  Under no circumstances will it be possible to grant you an electronic credit usable on the Website, nor will the Website issue a store credit for use in a Lalique boutique.
In either case (exchange or refund), the shipping costs incurred in returning any replacement products to you will be refunded if the return is justified by the non-conformity of the products with the original order (e.g., product reference error, damaged products, etc.).
Lalique has sole discretion in determining whether the products are in original condition when returned to Lalique.
Lalique will not be responsible or liable if any product you wish to return to the Lalique is lost, misdirected or delivered late.
Return to a Lalique boutique:
Any Lalique product purchased (or received as a gift) from the Website may also be exchanged for a different product or for a store credit in any Lalique boutique (i.e., a Lalique North America, Inc. Corporate owned boutique) in the United States within thirty (30) calendar days following the date of delivery, subject to the following terms and conditions:
Lalique will not accept any return if the product shows signs of wear, has been used or is altered in any way from its original condition.
You must provide the original receipt along with your return or a copy of the receipt if you are returning part of your order.
The shipping costs of the delivery of a product purchased on the Website will not be refunded when you return (for exchange or store credit) the product to a Lalique boutique.
Lalique boutiques do not offer refunds on any products purchased on the Website.  Under no circumstances will it be possible to credit your charge card or credit card.
13 | Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability Relating to Purchases
Lalique allows refunds, returns or exchanges solely pursuant to the provisions of the Section 12 (Returns & Refunds) and Section 8.3 (Delivery Problems).
LALIQUE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
THE WARRANTY IN THIS SECTION 13 REPRESENTS LALIQUE'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DEFECTS IN MATERIALS AND WORKMANSHIP.  LALIQUE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN ANY WAY RELATING TO PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
The exclusion or the limitation of warranties or liability for damages according to the above paragraphs also applies to potential claims against Lalique’s, or its subsidiaries’ or affiliates, respective officers, directors, shareholders, members, managers, agents, representatives, employees, successor and assigns (collectively “Agents”).
14 | Permitted and Non-Permitted Use of the Website
Permission to make and use copies of the text, graphics, images, video and audio files and other information ("Content") from the Website is granted solely and strictly subject to the following:
a)      permission is granted only to the individual legally accessing this server and is not transferable to any other individual;
b)      any copies shall be used only for your personal, non-commercial use;
c)      any copies must include the following copyright notice: "Copyright 2011 Lalique North America, Inc.  All rights reserved"; and
d)      you may not otherwise use, modify, copy, print, display, reproduce, distribute, manipulate, or publish any Content from the Website without the express prior written permission of Lalique.
Without the express prior written authorization of Lalique, you may not:
e)      use any data mining robots ("bots"), hardware or software modules that add a specific feature or service by plugging into an existing larger system ("plug-ins"), or other data gathering and extraction tools, scripts, applications, or methods on the Website;
f)       use any device, software, or hardware to bypass any operational element or to interfere, or attempt to interfere, with the proper working of the Website, server or activities conducted therein;
g)      take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website or its network infrastructure or that adversely affects our network or other visitors to the Website;
h)      decompile, reverse engineer, modify or disassemble any of the software in or associated with the Website, its network and/or server;
i)        use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Lalique’s name or any Lalique trademark without Lalique’s prior written permission, or frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Lalique or use any Lalique trademark;
j)        imply that Lalique is endorsing you or any product you offer;
k)      present false, misleading or inaccurate information about Lalique or Lalique’s products or services on any website you may operate or disparage Lalique or its products or services; and
l)        Or otherwise exceed your limited access to the Website as authorized by Lalique.
15 | Disclaimers and limitations of liability relating to use of the website
The Website is provided on an "as is," "as available" basis. Neither Lalique nor its subsidiaries or affiliates, nor their respective Agents, warrant that use of the Website will be uninterrupted or error-free.  Neither Lalique nor its subsidiaries or affiliates, nor their respective Agents, warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on the Website. You expressly agree that use of this Website is at your sole and absolute risk.
YOU AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL LALIQUE OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE,  OR PURCHASE OF PRODUCTS THROUGH THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO RELIANCE BY A USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED ON THE WEBSITE OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES EMAIL ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO LALIQUE RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORT. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING NEW JERSEY).
16 | Lalique's commitment to web accessibility
Lalique is committed to making its website usable by all people, including those with disabilities by meeting or exceeding the requirements of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Level A/AA (WCAG 2.0 A/AA).  We strive in making our site an equal playing field for everyone.
We continue to monitor our site and make sure that all content provided is accessible to all visitors.  In order to help us in this process, we have engaged The Bureau of Internet Accessibility (BoIA.org), an accessibility consulting company, to conduct a full accessibility audit consisting of both automated and manual testing of our website using BoIA’s A11Y® platform which provides us with specific recommendations that will assist us in ensuring that our Web presence is in conformance with the WCAG 2.0 A/AA.
Disclaimer
It is important to note that efforts to the website are ongoing as we work to implement the relevant improvements to meet WCAG 2.0 A/AA guidelines over time.
Our Commitment to Help
We are dedicated to meeting all of your accessibility needs. Should you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of this site or need assistance in using the processes found within this site, we have trained individuals here at Lalique to assist you.
Please contact us directly at customerservice@lalique.com or 1.888.488.2580. We would be happy to assist in making your visits to our site as convenient as possible.
Thrid Party Applications
While you are visiting our site, you will notice that we make use of third-party sites such as Facebook, Pinterest, YouTube, and Instagram to provide information about Lalique.  Though individuals may have challenges with access to these particular sites, Lalique does not control or remedy the way content is portrayed.