https://www.greatdanerescueinc.com/help/fundraise.html
Skip to main content
Home
About Us
Our Mission
Our Message
Surrender Your Dane
Contact Us
Privacy & Security Policy
Adopt A Dane
Want To Adopt?
Available Danes
Adoption Application
Help Our Cause
Donate
Become A Foster Home Volunteer
Report Danes In Need
Wish List
Fundraisers!
Events & Information
Calendar
Announcements & Special Events
Humane Education
Newsletters
Foster of the Quarter
State Rescues
International Rescues
Great Dane Genetics
Special Needs Dogs
Great Dane Gallery
Related Links
Financial assistance for pets
Shop To Support Rescue
Rescue Wear
For Dane Lovers
Dane inspired glassware
Magnets
Dane Wear
Virtual Mall
Shop Items
Back to Shop
New! I love my Adopted Dane T-shirt $15.00
I love my Adopted Dane T-shirt (2XL - 5XL) $18.00
Adopted my best friend - ribbon
Rescue Ribbon
Rescue Multi-colour ribbon
Rescue RWB Ribbon
Life is better with a dog magnet
Life is better with a dog magnet
Woof magnet
I love my Great Dane bone
I love my rescue bone
Don't stop until they all have a home
I love my Great Dane paw and face
All my children have paws
Bark for the cure
Rescue Transport Vehicle
Foster Parent
Rescue Mom
Pirate Bandana
Big Dog, Bigger Love T-shirt
Cupcake Bandana
$12.00
Puppy dog Bandana
$12.00
Dane Lover Christmas Package - $35.00 plus s & h
Wine Package # 1
Wine Lover Package 2
Kitchen Package 1
Kitchen Package 2
Great Dane Christmas Package 1
Great Dane Christmas Package 2
GDRI Christmas Tree Ornament
Donate
Become A Foster Home Volunteer
Report Danes In Need
Wish List
Fundraisers!
Goodsearch & Goodshop
Show support for Great Dane Rescue Inc by using Goodshop for all your online purchases. While you help raise money, you can save money at the same time on items for your home, car, closet, or pantry with more than 100,000 online deals, like Old Navy promos, Gap coupons , and Target savings. Feel good knowing that you are doing more with your online shopping!
Goodsearch
Goodshop
Kroger Community Rewards ProgramGDRI is now part of the Kroger Community Rewards Progam. This is a nice easy way for you to support GDRI!
Register online at krogercommunityrewards.com. Be sure to have your Kroger Plus card handy and register your card with your organization after you sign up.
If you do not yet have a Kroger Plus card, they are available at the customer service desk at any Kroger.
Click on Sign In/Register. Most participants are new online customers, so they must click on SIGN UP TODAY in the ‘New Customer?’ box.
Sign up for a Kroger Rewards Account by entering zip code, clicking on favorite store, entering your email address and creating a password, and agreeing to the terms and conditions.
You will then get a message to check your email inbox and click on the link within the body of the email.  Click on My Account and use your email address and password to proceed to the next step.  Click on Edit Kroger Community Rewards information and input your Kroger Plus card number.  Update or confirm your information. Enter NPO number (91170) or name of organization (select organization from list and click on confirm).
To verify you are enrolled correctly, you will see your organization’s name on the right side of your information page.
REMEMBER, purchases will not count for GDRI until after your member(s) register their card(s).
Do you use your phone number at the register? Call 877-576-7587 to get your Kroger Plus card number.
Members must swipe their registered Kroger Plus card or use the phone number that is related to their registered Kroger Plus card when shopping for each purchase to count.
Ruff Guide to the United States
Does your dog need a vacation? Ruff Guide to the United States features 365 of the best places to stay and play with your dog in all 50 states. Whether your pooch prefers to 'ruff it' on a hiking adventure or sit in the lap of luxury at a five-star resort, the assortment of trips in this book is sure to have him (and you) begging for a vacation! When you enter code “GREATDANE” at checkout, you'll get free shipping, and we'll get a $10.00 donation for each book sold!
http://www.ruffguides.com/shop/book
AmazonSmile ProgramAmazonSmile is a simple and automatic way for you to support your favorite charitable organization every time you shop, at no cost to you. When you shop at smile.amazon.com, you’ll find the exact same low prices, vast selection and convenient shopping experience as Amazon.com, with the added bonus that Amazon will donate a portion of the purchase price to your favorite charitable organization. You can choose from nearly one million organizations to support.
How do I shop at AmazonSmile?
To shop at AmazonSmile simply go to smile.amazon.com from the web browser on your computer or mobile device. You may also want to add a bookmark to AmazonSmile to make it even easier to return and start your shopping at AmazonSmile.
Which products on AmazonSmile are eligible for charitable donations?
Tens of millions of products on AmazonSmile are eligible for donations. You will see eligible products marked “Eligible for AmazonSmile donation” on their product detail pages. Recurring Subscribe-and-Save purchases and subscription renewals are not currently eligible.
Can I use my existing Amazon.com account on AmazonSmile?
Yes, you use the same account on Amazon.com and AmazonSmile. Your shopping cart, Wish List, wedding or baby registry, and other account settings are also the same.
How do I select a charitable organization to support when shopping on AmazonSmile?
On your first visit to AmazonSmile, you need to select a charitable organization to receive donations from eligible purchases before you begin shopping. We will remember your selection, and then every eligible purchase you make on AmazonSmile will result in a donation.
Barking Cat Jewelry
Barking Cat Jewelry has a clever line of pet-themed pendants with messages like Adopt Don't Shop, Who Rescued Who, Sleeps With Dogs, and Crazy Cat Lady - just to name a few. They make great holiday gifts.
When you place a piece of jewelry in your shopping bag, you will be prompted to fill in our group name - Great Dane Rescue Inc.  Barking Cat Jewelry donates 20% of your purchases (excluding shipping) back to GDRI.