http://www.villagecamps.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Summer Camps
Residential by Country
Residential by Programme
Residential by Age
Winter Camps
Parent Guide
Photos/Video
Videos
Journals Home
Leysin, Switzerland
Santa Cruz, Portugal
Zell am See, Austria
Leysin, Switzerland - Leadership (LTC)
York, England Archive
Ardeche, France Archive
Day Camp, Switzerland Archive
Day Camp, Singapore Archive
Boston, USA Archive
Chiclana, Spain Archive
Droushia, Cyprus Archive
Employment
About Us
Login
Privacy Policy
The Village Camps Privacy Policy provides you information on what data we collect, what we use it for and what are your rights.
The Village Camps Privacy Policy applies to all Village Camps related websites.
Village Camps follows the following GDPR rules in order to protect your privacy:
we do not collect more information than is necessary
we do not use your data for purposes other than those specified
we do not keep your data if it is no longer needed
we do not spread/sell your data to third parties
we collect data on the basis of "legitimate interest" only
DATA CONTROLLER
Village Camps processes Personal Data both as Processor and as Controller as defined by the GDPR. For some activities Village Camps may rely on external processors (as described under “Information security”).
You can contact us at any time to request:
Access the Personal Data Village Camps has about you
Correct any Personal Data Village Camps has about you
Delete any Personal Data Village Camps has about you
Village Camps SA
14 Rue de la Morâche
1260 Nyon
Switzerland
+41 (0) 22 990 94 00
WHAT INFORMATION DOES VILLAGE CAMPS COLLECT? HOW? WHY?
Website usage
You can visit Village Camps website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. The only information we gather during general browsing aside from the IP address is mostly anonymous traffic data including browser information, device information, and language.
Collection of personal data
While you can use our website without giving out your personal information, once you sign up into the Village Camps website, request information, provide feedback, or subscribe to an electronic mailing list, you will be asked to provide personal information. The information you provide (personal information such as your name, email address, organization, child names, ages, etc.) will be processed and stored so that it is possible for us to contact and respond to your request, and/or allow you access to our services. The information is collected only with your knowledge and permission, and is kept in various Village Camps databases and mailing lists.
Online bookings
If you book something using the Village Camps website, you may be asked to provide your credit card details. These details are transferred to and handled by our online payment service, hosted outside Village Camps. Credit card information is not retained by Village Camps at any stage of any transaction.
Information from other sources
Village Camps might receive information about you from other sources (e.g., face-to-face meeting, introduction from third-parties, events participation, etc.). In addition, you may provide us with your personal data by corresponding with us by mail, live-chat, phone, videoconference or otherwise.
Before the information is added into the various Village Camps databases and mailing lists you are requested to give your explicit consent.
Job applications
Where an application is made by an individual for employment by Village Camps the data will be stored in an electronic database, and this information will be retained according to the data retention poilicy.
Photography and Video
Village Camps
reserves the right to use any photographs, art work, etc, of its customers on its website and in any of its future publications, as stipulated in the booking conditions.
HOW DOES VILLAGE CAMPS USE THE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
Village Camps uses Google Analytics and Browser Cookies to improve our service, user experience and analyze how the website is used. The information gathered anonymously during general browsing is used to provide an overview of how people are accessing and using the Village Camps website and Village Camps does not use it for any additional purpose (e.g., profiling, marketing, etc.).
Village Camps uses your personal data to contact you:
For our own internal records
In response to a request or booking from your part
To inform you by sending a newsletter, documents or any other relevant resource
To invite you to be involved in Village Camps activities
To inform you periodically about changes in Village Camps offers
INFORMATION SECURITY
Village Camps cares to ensure the security of your personal data: we do not sell or share any personal data to any third party except when it’s necessary to complete Village Camps functions.
Personal data is not used in ways other than as set forth in this privacy policy or in ways to which you have explicitly consented.
Village Camps staff who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of official business matters, including personal data.
Village Camps websites are secure, encrypted, and profesionally managed to the highest standards. All necessary measures are taken to protect personal data against theft or compromise according to industry practices.
The Village Camps website provides links to other Village Camps websites and features plug-ins for Village Camps social media pages (i.e., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter). Once clicked upon, you will be taken to different websites with their own specific privacy policies you are recommended to consult. Village Camps is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We do not disclose your personal data except in the limited circumstances described here:
User Consent or Direction: we may share or disclose your information upon your request/consent;
Legal process or enforceable governmental request: we may share or disclose your information to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request;
We may share or disclose your information to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
Non-personal, anonymized, aggregated data: we may share or disclose this information as part of a project, research, collaborative, etc. that serves the Village Camps business.
INFORMATION CORRECTION & DELETION
Providing personal data on the Village Camps website is optional. You can choose not to provide personal data; this will allow you to browse and use the Village Camps website, but you will not be able to carry out certain actions (e.g., make a booking, access booking history, etc.).
If you are a registered user of the Village Camps website, and have a login, we provide you with tools and account settings to access the personal data you provided to us and associated with your account.
If you are not a registered user but Village Camps has your personal data, you can contact Village Camps and request an electronic version of all the personal data Village Camps has about you.
If you do not want to receive e-mail, or to be contacted by us in any way, all marketing emails sent by Village Camps contain a link to automatically un-subscribe. You can use this link, or you can also contact us to issue a request by using the Contact Form.
If at any point you wish for Village Camps to delete information about you, you can contact us via a similar link to issue a request for secure deletion, or you can also contact us using the Contact Form
Where a commercial transaction has taken place, such as a booking, or where other information has been supplied, such as applying for a job, Village Camps reserves the right to retain the information for any of accounting, legal, or safeguarding reasons.
DATA RETENTION
We retain personal data for as long as the user account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which we have initially collected it, and where there is legitimate interest.
CHANGES
Village Camps reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and all changes will be available in the Village Camps website.