https://www.frederickmodelaircraftclub.org/privacy.htm
Home
Field Weather
Members Info
Club History
Club Officers
Club Store
Links
Sponsors
Privacy Policy
FMAC Facebook
Like us on Facebook
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Frederick Model Aircraft
Club.
We are located in Frederick, Maryland.
We can be reached via e-mail at
webmaster@frederickmodelaircraftclub.org
or you can reach us by telephone by contacting one of our board members.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server
automatically recognizes information regarding the domain or e-mail address but
is not collected or saved unless it is needed to halt malicious acts against the
server.
We do NOT secretly collect any information on
visitors who browse our Web page.
The information we do collect is ONLY the
information volunteered by  visitors wishing to identify themselves.
With respect to cookies: We do NOT set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the
future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line
you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers
on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding
orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with
or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to
all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them,
contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about
them .
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have
inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Visitors can have this information corrected by
sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate
security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the
loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our
site.
If you feel that this site is not following its
stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone
number.
Copyright 2020 Frederick Model Aircraft Club, Inc.
Contact the webmaster