http://www.avalonwaterways.com/terms/
First Class Touring
Affordable Touring
Vacation Packages
Home | MyAvalon | Help | Gallery
Contact Us |  Search | Change Country
Attention: Some functions on this Web site are not supported in this browser. To get the full site experience, please consider downloading & using the latest version of the Web browsers below.
Chrome |
Safari |
Firefox
If you want help planning a vacation, please call our experts at 877.797.8791
Travel Terms & Conditions
HelpSitemapLegal InformationTravel TermsCarrier TermsPrivacy
Making a Reservation
To make your reservation, see your Travel Agent, or for more information, visit the website at AvalonWaterways.com or call Avalon Waterways reservations at 1.877.380.1540.
Terms & Conditions (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY)
Reserving or participating in any travel services offered by Group Voyagers, Inc. (authorized to do business as Globus, Cosmos, Monograms, and Avalon Waterways) (hereinafter "The Company", “we”, “us”) constitutes a contractual agreement between the participant (“you") and The Company and is an acknowledgement that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions ("Terms"), which include a Health & Safety and any other applicable waivers (see "Waivers" section) for your trip. You must be at least 18 years of age to make a reservation. In all cases, the person making the reservation represents and warrants that all participants have consented to, accepted, and agreed to be bound by these Terms.
The Company reserves the right to update or amend these Terms at any time prior to you making a reservation. An up-to-date copy of these Terms is accessible on The Company website at AvalonWaterways.com. The Terms as listed online when completing a reservation are those that control.
Any payment made to The Company shall be deemed to constitute full acceptance of these Terms, including a Health & Safety Waiver.
Guest Acknowledgement
Immediately after making your reservation, you must complete the Guest Acknowledgement process to register for your trip. Completing Guest Acknowledgement is required to confirm your reservation. Services will not be provided if you do not complete Guest Acknowledgement and you will be subject to cancellation fees.
During Guest Acknowledgement, you will be asked to verify the names on the reservation, provide at least one email address for reservation communications, and acknowledge and accept Terms & Conditions and a Health & Safety waiver for your trip.
Group Reservations
Additional Terms & Conditions apply to Group reservations (being a reservation with 8 or more participants). The Company provides these Group Reservation Terms & Conditions at the time the Group reservation is made or upon request. For Travel Agents, the Group Reservation Terms & Conditions are located on the Travel Agent Portal.
Deposit, Payments, Confirmation & Invoicing
Pricing & Price Guarantee
Prices shown are per person, based on two people sharing a room. Prices do not include airfares, except where noted on specific itineraries, and are subject to change without notice.
Pricing for our trips and services are subject to change at any time prior to receipt of full deposit. Once The Company processes any payment for services, the price is guaranteed not to increase unless you amend your reservation.
Deposit to Hold Space
At the time of reservation, a non-refundable, non-transferable, per person, per trip deposit is required. The deposit amount is dependent upon the trip and services booked. See the chart below.
Full Payment
Full payment is required by the final payment date. The final payment date is dependent upon the trip and services booked. See section “Deposit Amounts, Final Payment Dates, & Cancellation Fee Schedules” below.
If you do not pay the full invoice by the final payment date, your reservation and all services on the reservation, will be cancelled, and your deposit, airfare and travel protection premiums will be forfeited.
Travel Protection payments are always non-refundable.
Reservations made after the final payment date require full payment at the time of reservation and will include any late reservation fees.
Ways to Pay
The Company accepts payment via check, money order, Visa, MasterCard, Discover/Novus, and American Express.
Confirmation
Your reservation is confirmed when your initial deposit payment is processed. Your invoice, when documented as payment received, is confirmation of services on the reservation.
Accuracy of Invoice Details
You are responsible for providing and verifying full, complete and accurate information for all participants and services at the time of reservation. Under no circumstances is The Company liable for any errors or omissions in the information provided by you to complete the reservation. If you do not notify The Company of any error within 5 days of making the reservation, you are solely responsible for all fees assessed due to incomplete, erroneous or inaccurate details.
Billing Errors
In the case of billing errors, The Company reserves the right to re-invoice you with correct pricing.
Deposit Amounts, Final Payment Dates & Cancellation Fee Schedule
Amounts listed below are per person. Final payment dates are determined on days prior to the commencement of services. Cancellation fees are calculated based on the days prior to the commencement of services in which notification is received. Cancellation fees include all services on the reservation, except Travel Protection , which is always non-refundable.
Group agreement(s) may have final payment dates and fees different from the below. The Terms & Conditions of the Group Agreement prevail.
Product & Destination
Deposit Amount
($ USD)
Final Payment
(Days to Commencement of Services)
Cancellation Fees
% of Total Price
Globus and Cosmos Escorted Tours^
250
45
45-22: 20%
21-8: 30%
7-1: 50%
<1: 100%
South America^, South Pacific^, Africa^, Asia^
250
60
60-22: 20%
21-8: 30%
7-1: 50%
<1: 100%
Avalon Waterways^
250
90
90 – 60: 35%
59-30: 50%
29-1: 80%
<1: 100%
Monograms Independent Trips^
250
45
45-22: 20%
21-8: 30%
7-1: 50%
<1: 100%
Monograms North America
50
30
30-7: 30%
6-1: 50%
<1: 100%
Botswana
1000
90
90 – 60: 35%
59-30: 50%
29-1: 80%
<1: 100%
Cruises on the Delfin III
500
90
90 – 60: 35%
59-30: 50%
29-1: 80%
<1: 100%
Galapagos Cruises, Cruises Iberostar Grand Amazon, and hotel stays on the Galapagos Islands
250
90
90 – 60: 35%
59-30: 50%
29-1: 80%
<1: 100%
Greece, Israel Jordan, Egypt, Turkey Iceland, Escapes by Globus
250
60
60-31: 50%
30-1: 90%
<1: 100%
Holland America Cruise Line
250
75
75-57: 20%
56-29: 50%
28-16: 75%
<16: 100%
Indian Pacific or Ghan Train
250
120
120-91: 10%
90-61: 20%
60-46: 30%
45-1: 50%
<1: 100%
Mamanuca Island Fiji
250
60
60-22: 25%
21-15: 50%
14-7: 75%
<7: 100%
North America Trains
250
65
65-47: 50%
<47: 100%
Norwegian Cruise Line
250
120
120-75: 20%
74-30: 50%
29-8: 75%
<8: 100%
Globus & Cosmos Oberammergau 2022
250 initial deposit +
350 additional deposit due on June 15, 2021
45
45-22: 40%
21-8: 60%
7-1: 80%
<1: 100%
Avalon Oberammergau 2022
250 initial deposit +
350 additional deposit due on June 15, 2021
90
90 – 60: 35%
59-30: 50%
29-1: 80%
<1: 100%
The Camino, A Walking Tour
250
90
90 – 60: 35%
59-30: 50%
29-1: 80%
<1: 100%
^Unless specified differently above
Revisions Fees
On or Before Final Payment Date
All revisions to a reservation will incur a minimum $30 per person fee plus any airline change fees (minimum $300 per participant up to full airfare amount). These fees are non-refundable.
After the Final Payment Date
Any change to a participant’s name, trip date, or itinerary after the final payment date is treated as a full cancellation and new reservation. All cancellation fees apply in these instances. All other revisions apply the same revision fee as above.
Not Included in Pricing
Unless specifically noted in your trip itinerary, the following is not included in your reservation.
airfare to and from the start of your trip;
intra-trip air, unless specified in the itinerary;
airline baggage fees, including checked and/or excess baggage fees;
Federal inspection fees for U.S. Immigrations & Customs; International Air Transportation tax;
agricultural tax;
other per-person taxes imposed by government entities;
airport taxes and fees, including the September 11th Security fee up to $11.20 per person, participant facility charges up to $18 per person, Federal domestic flight segment fees up to $4.10 per segment, and U.S. and international arrival and departure and other government-imposed fees added by the airline and applicable at time of reservation; ^
port taxes;
passports; visas; vaccinations;
gratuities to your Tour Director, Cruise Director, Local Host®, driver, Local Guides, and/or ship’s crew; gratuities on ferries, trains, and cruise ships;
laundry; telephone; minibar;
entry/exit fees at airports;
alcohol, beverages, and food outside of the contracted menu as presented at a hotel or restaurant or on board your vessel (these extra items will be billed to you before leaving the hotel, ship, or restaurant);
airport transfers (unless on qualifying flights);
optional excursions;
porterage at airports and train stations;
Travel Protection;
^ These fees are included in the price of airfare purchased through The Company
Air Inclusive Deposit Amounts, Final Payment Dates & Cancellation Fee Schedules
Airfare & Flights
Air reservations are available through The Company only for travel originating from the United States..
Airfare Contract
All airlines are independent from The Company; The Company does not own, manage or operate any air carrier or aircraft.
Your airline ticket is a contract between you and the air carrier only, even if you purchase through The Company. By purchasing your air services through The Company, you waive all liability for The Company for such air services.
Airfare Options
Flex-Air, Instant Purchase Air and Intra-Trip Air:
Flex-Air allows flexibility if you want to make changes to your trip schedule with lower revision fees.
Instant Purchase Air may offer additional airline options, but has more restrictions, may be non-refundable and/or have higher revision fees.
Intra-Trip Air: Intra-trip air may be Flex-Air or Instant Purchase Air depending on the product. This will be explained at the time the reservation is made.
Depending on product and destination, some trips may only offer one air option.
Air Inclusive Trips
Additional per person, non-refundable, non-transferable deposits and payments are required for your international flights and/or for intra-trip air. These are in addition to the deposits and payments above. Air-inclusive trip pricing is guaranteed upon receipt of deposit or payment in full for the entire reservation as specified in the chart below.
Air Product
Air Deposit
($ USD)
Air Final Payment
(Days to Commencement of Services)
Air Cancellation Fees
International Air
Flex Air
$300 up to the full ticket amount
Per product schedule above
$300 up to the full ticket amount
Instant Purchase Air
Full ticket amount at time of reservation + processing fee*
At time of reservation
100% including processing fee* applicable 24 hours after purchase.
Intra-Trip Air
250
Per product schedule above
Per product schedule above
Processing Fee
* Processing fees per person: $30 North & Central America; $50 Europe/Middle East; $80 for all other destinations. These fees are always non-refundable.
Airfare Fees
After your airfare is booked, any revisions you make may incur fees. This includes correcting errors in your information or services (names, dates, schedules, class of service, airlines, other). At the time of request, fees are applied and payable immediately. The Company is not liable for necessary amendments due to errors in information provided by you. See “Accuracy of Invoice Details” above for your responsibilities and liability.
Air Routings
Air routings are subject to availability. Routings are not guaranteed and are subject to change at any time.
Airline Mileage Accrual
Frequent Flyer mileage accrual is at the discretion of the airline(s), and is not always granted for airfare purchased through The Company. The Company has no liability if accural is denied and/or if upgrades are not allowed. Many airlines do not permit upgrades on airfare purchased through The Company using frequent flyer miles, status or certificates. This is at the sole discretion of the airlines. Cancellation fees, as noted above, will apply to all airfare, regardless of accrual grants.
Seat Assignments
Seat assignments are not guaranteed even after they are assigned and The Company has no control over airline seat assignments. Airlines and The Company reserve the right to change seat assignments at any time without notice, for any reason. Most airlines charge a fee to pre book a seat.
Airfare Schedule Changes
The Company is not responsible or liable for any airline cancellations, schedule changes or delays. Prior to check-in, for airfare purchased through The Company, The Company may be able to assist if you are rescheduled, delayed or cancelled. After you check-in, The Company can no longer assist you and you must work with the airline directly to arrive at your destination. The Company is not liable for expenses you incur if you miss your flight or flight connection.
Any amendments you make voluntarily to your air or air schedule may incur change fees or additional charges up to the full ticket price. These are your responsibility to pay.
Transportation Security Administration (TSA) Information
At the time of air reservation through The Company, you are required to provide all Transportation Security Administration (TSA) information. This information includes full name, date of birth, gender and redress number (if available) for all participants. We submit information to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Reservations without this information are not processed and an air reservation will not be secured.
Making Your Own Flight Arrangements
If you make your own flight arrangements, The Company is not responsible for any loss resulting from cancellation or changes in international gateways, itineraries, or travel dates. It is best to avoid airline tickets with high change fees.
Participation Eligibility & Reductions
The minimum age to participate in any Globus and Cosmos travel service is 5 years of age and the minimum age for Avalon Waterways is 8 years of age, unless otherwise specified in the chart below. An adult must accompany participants under 18 years of age (“minors”) on all services, including the sharing of accommodations. You are responsible for the behavior, security and supervision of all minors on your reservation.
Restrictions & Minimum Age
Victoria Falls Safari Club
10
Botswana Lodges & Camps
12
Sanctuary Swala
6
Iberostar Grand Amazon
10
Sydney Harbor New Year’s Eve Cruise
18
Oberammergau Globus and Cosmos 2022
6
Las Vegas
At least one participant must be 21 or older
Holland America or Norwegian Cruises
At least one participant must be 21 or older
Monograms Trips
None unless specified above
Reductions
Price reductions may be available to minors (see chart below). Reductions only apply when sharing accommodations with two adults using existing beds. Additional beds, if available, are at the discretion of the hotel with costs billed directly to you at checkout. You are solely responsible for these costs.
Reductions are off the base land price only and do not include airfare. Final reductions are quoted with your reservation.
Reduction Amounts & Exceptions
Monograms: Asia, South Pacific, Africa, South America
Under 2: Free of charge
2-17: 10%
No reduction on Galapagos cruises or Galapagos hotel stays; cruises on Iberostar Grand Amazon
Monograms: Europe
Under 2: Free of charge
2-11: 25%
12-17: 10%
Avalon Waterways
No reductions
Escorted Globus & Cosmos
5-17: 10%
No reductions on Escapes by Globus
Cancellations & Refunds
Participant Cancellations
You may cancel your reservation by notifying The Company. Calculation of cancellation amounts includes all services and fees on the invoice based on the number of days prior to departure by which we receive the notification. See the chart above.
Cancellations by The Company
The Company reserves the right to cancel or reschedule any trip departure for any reason, including insufficient demand, strikes, lockouts, riots, stoppage of labor or Force Majeure Event (see under "Force Majeure").
In the event of a cancellation by The Company prior to departure for reasons excluding Force Majeure (see section “Force Majeure”), The Company will try, at your discretion, to rebook the same trip with a different departure date, or a similar trip, but there is no guarantee of availability. The Company will refund the difference in price if the alternate is lower. You are responsible for additional costs if the alternate is higher. If this rebooking option is not acceptable to you, The Company’s only responsibility is to refund the amounts paid by you for the reservation.
In the event of a cancellation by The Company prior to departure or during your trip for conditions under Force Majeure (see section "Force Majeure"), The Company will provide a future travel/booking credit for the portion of your trip impacted. Future travel/booking credit will be redeemable for travel with The Company for one year past your original trip start date. If a future travel/booking credit is not acceptable to you, in the majority of Force Majeure situations, you can notify the company within 21 days of advisement and The Company’s only responsibility is to refund the amounts paid by you for the portion of your trip impacted. If you do not notify the Company within 21 days of advisement, a refund is no longer available.
The Company is not liable or responsible for any arrangements made independently of The Company. The Company assumes no responsibility for costs or fees you incur for independent arrangements not booked through The Company, inclusive of, but not limited to, airline, hotel, excursion and travel protection related charges.
Refunds
Any request for refunds is subject to these Terms.
Airport Transfers
Airport transfers are complimentary (excluding North America) with air booked through The Company on qualifying flights and dates. Not all flights or dates qualify. No cash equivalent or trip price reduction is given if you do not use, or desire, the included transfers. Airport transfers are not available in North America unless otherwise specified in the itinerary.
Private Touring
Changes made en route at your discretion to tour features, timings, or tour services (e.g. meals, included sightseeing, etc...) are not refundable nor exchangeable for other services.
Unused Services
No refunds will be issued for unused services (late arrivals, temporary absences from your trip or early departures), for unused transportation where group activity tickets are involved, or for voluntary modifications made by you.
Subject to Change Itineraries
Departures in 2022 advertised with ‘subject to itinerary modifications’ will have full details available in the release of the 2022 brochure.
The Company will notify you via email when the final itinerary is available, typically with the launch of the 2022 brochure. If your itinerary was previously advertised with ‘subject to change' or 'subject to itinerary modification’, you have the right to cancel your reservation without incurring cancellation fees within 7 days of this notification. You will receive a full refund if written or verbal notification is received by The Company within 7 days. After the 7 day period, full cancellation fees, as specified in the Deposit Amounts, Final Payment Dates, & Cancellation Fees Schedules section above, apply.
2022 Oberammergau Passion Play trips are non-refundable and excluded from the clause above.
Force Majeure
In the event of a Force Majeure Event (as defined below), The Company shall be excused, discharged, and released from performance to the extent such performance is so limited or prevented, without liability of any kind.
The Company assumes no liability for any loss, damage, or entry of any nature in whole or in part resulting from an "Act of God" or any other condition outside The Company’s control ("Force Majeure Event"), including without limitation:
Fire
Landslides
Volcanic eruption
Inclement weather
Environmental pollution or contamination
Earthquake
Low or high water levels
Flood
Water or power shortages or failures
Tropical storms or hurricanes
Riots or civil commissions or disturbances or any other acts of similar nature
Sabotage
Strikes of labor disruptions
Arrests
Restraint of rulers or peoples
Expropriations
Acts of terrorism
War
Insurrection
Quarantine restrictions
Government health advisories or warnings or alerts of any kind of nature
Government seizures
Refusal or cancellation or suspension or delay of any government authority or any license, permit or authorization
Damages to its facilities or the travel supplier and its facilities
Or any other unforeseen circumstances or any other factors unforeseen by The Company that adversely affects or hampers its ability to fulfil any of its contractual conditions.
Special Needs & Participation Requirements
Any special requirements or disabilities must be disclosed to The Company at time of reservation, or if such requirements arise after the reservation, as soon as such requirements are or reasonably should be known by the participant. If The Company has not received disclosure of requirements or disabilities that require reasonable accommodations for accessibility, and/or if your participation poses a threat to the safety or health to self or others, The Company may be unable to accommodate you for part or all of the Tour, Cruise or any services provided in connection with the Tour.
Americans with Disability Act
The Americans with Disability Act is only applicable in the United States. Facilities and services for disabled individuals are limited outside its jurisdiction. Outside the United States, countries often do not have similar disability laws or regulations and The Company is not liable for denial of services by air carriers, hotels, restaurants or other independent suppliers.
Suitability & Accessibility
Certain activities or venues may be limited or inaccessible to you if your mobility is limited in any manner. Many excursions and sightseeing involve extended periods of walking and standing often on uneven pavement or surfaces, and may include staircases, paths, walkways, or locations that are narrow or inaccessible or of limited accessibility by wheelchair.
You are responsible for assessing if the itinerary is suitable for all participants on the reservation. We recommend you contact The Company prior to making a reservation to determine what reasonable assistance might be available.
The Company will make reasonable efforts to accommodate special needs but cannot guarantee that it can accommodate in all cases.
No refunds are provided for missed services or activities due to your inability to fully participate with the group, including keeping pace with the group, if conditions requiring assistance are not known to The Company at the time of reservation or when reasonably known by the participant.
Personal Services
The Company does not provide personal services or individual assistants to trip participants. Our staff are not required or trained to assist with personal tasks. This includes eating, dressing, toileting, lifting or pushing a wheelchair, walking, getting on or off transportation, or other personal needs. If you need such assistance, we strongly recommend you have a physically-able companion accompany you.
Wheelchairs
You must notify The Company at the time of reservation if you are traveling with a wheelchair, or if the need for a wheelchair arises after the reservation, then as soon as that need is known.
Outside of the United States, you must be able to walk up/down steps (for motorcoaches) and on ramps without a wheelchair or walker for cruises. Outside the United States, motorcoach entrances and gangways/ramps may not be wide enough or equipped to accommodate these items.
The Company may allow collapsible wheelchairs that fit within the restrictions (1030mm/40.55” length x 555mm/21.85” width) when travel with a wheelchair is disclosed to The Company.
You are responsible for storage (e.g. in your room) and maintenance of any permissible wheelchair.
Motorized Scooters
For trips outside the United States, motorized scooters are not permitted and cannot be accommodated on services provide by The Company. If you arrive with a motorized scooter, you will be responsible for its alternate transportation arrangements to your end destination at your expense.
For trips within the United States, we will attempt to reasonably accommodate motorized scooters. We require notice at time of reservation to arrange services in accordance with the ADA, or if the need for such services arises after reservation, as soon as the need is known.
Authority to Remove or Refuse Participants
In the sole discretion of The Company or the Ship’s Operator or Captain, The Company may refuse transport to you or may require you to disembark if it is reasonably believed that you
are dangerous to others or to yourself;
have engaged in, are engaged in, or are threatening to engage in behavior that may adversely affect the safety, security, comfort, enjoyment, or well-being of other participants, suppliers (including Service Providers), The Company representatives, or crew members, including, but not limited to, behavior that is disruptive, verbally abusive, physically abusive, obnoxious, harassing, discriminatory, or obscene;
have failed or refused to follow, or are failing or refusing to follow The Company’s rules and procedures or the instructions of The Company, its representatives, or the crew members.
In the event you are removed, you may be left at any city, port or place the ship calls without any liability to The Company or its representatives. The Company shall not be required to refund any portion of the fare paid by you if you are removed pursuant to this section.
In the event you are removed, The Company will not be responsible for expenses for lodging, medical care, meals, transportation, or any other expenses incurred by you. We shall be entitled to recover from you any costs or expenses incurred by The Company, its representatives, or the crewmembers in your removal or the exercise or enforcement of this clause.
Information Required for Reservation & Travel
As a condition of reservation, you must provide information requested by The Company along with your initial payment. The Company reserves the right to cancel your reservation and all services, and retain all related cancellation fees, if your information is incomplete or inaccurate. Your personal data secured for your reservation is used to process your services with our Service Providers. It may be necessary to transfer these details to other countries or authorities whose data protection and privacy laws are less stringent than those of the United States of America. This may include requirements to pass details to Service Providers as well as certain governments or government-appointed bodies, or agencies in the interest of security or because we are obliged to by law.
By making a reservation with The Company
you consent to The Company storing, using, and transferring on this data to other third parties (including third parties outside your home country) for the purposes as stated above
you indemnify and hold harmless The Company and its affiliates in respect of The Company for storing, using and transferring this data as described above.
See The Company Privacy Policy for more information on usage of your data.
Information Required
Full name as per government issued ID with which you will travel
Address
Date of birth
Full passport details
Email address
Credit card information
Disabilities
Medical conditions
Dietary restrictions you make known to The Company
Emergency contact (non-participant)
On tour contact information (mobile phone or email address)
If any additional information is required, it will be requested from you with your reservation.
On Trip Experience
Baggage: Size, Weight, Quantity & Restrictions
Allowance
Hotel porterage (where available) for one bag per participant is included in the price. Additional bags, if space is available, are charged extra and payable to the Tour or Cruise Director. If no space is available, you are responsible for arrangements for your extra bag(s) from location to location at your expense.
Porterage is not included at train stations or airports.
Restrictions
For Travel with The Company
Dimensions: 30” x 21” x 11” / 76cm x 53cm x 28cm maximum
Weight: 50lbs / 22kg maximum
Motorcoach Carry-on
Carry-on bags must be small enough to store in overhead bins or under the seat in front of you.
Dimensions: 12"x11"x 6" / 30cm x 28 cm x 15 cm maximum.
For safety reasons, wheeled carry-on bags are not permitted.
For Asia Trips with Intra-Trip Air
Weight: 44lbs / 20kg maximum.
Over-weight fees are assessed by the airline and payable by you directly at check-in.
For India Trips with Intra-Trip Air
Weight: 35lbs / 15kg maximum.
Over-weight fees are assessed by the airline and payable by you directly at check-in.
For Trips to Botswana and Okavango Delta
Dimensions: 26” x 12” x 10” / 66cm x 30cm x 25cm maximum
Weight: 44lbs / 20kg maximum
Baggage must be soft sided
For Trips to South Africa, Zimbabwe
Dimensions: 30” x 21” x 11” / 76cm x 53cm x 28cm maximum
Weight: 44lbs / 20kg maximum
For Trips to Kenya and Tanzania
Dimensions: 30” x 21” x 11” / 76cm x 53cm x 28cm maximum
Weight: 33lbs / 15kg maximum
Baggage must be soft sided
Independent Airlines
All airlines have their own baggage policies and restrictions. These can be found on the carrier’s website or at www.iflybags.com. Baggage fees are not included in airfare price and The Company is not liable for any additional fees. You are required to pay all fees directly to the airline at check-in.
Damage & Liability
The Company has no responsibility for loss or damage to any baggage or personal belongings throughout the trip. We recommend you purchase baggage insurance.
Dietary Requests
On Avalon Waterways
Avalon Waterways will attempt to honor dietary requests when possible.
General Touring
Outside the United States, special dietary or meal requests cannot be processed and are subject to availability at the hotel or venue. There is no guarantee of availability and The Company has no liability for availability. Within the United States, reasonable accommodations will be made providing that The Company receives reasonable notice of such needs in advance of departure.
When available, special requests are at the venue’s discretion. Any additional charge for the request is payable by you directly to the venue at the time of service.
Elevators
Some ships and hotels have elevators, but many small ships do not. If you require an elevator, inquire before making a reservation.
English
All Tour / Cruise Directors, Local Hosts®, Local Guides, and ships’ crews speak English, and all trip commentary and instruction are conducted in English only. For safety, maximum enjoyment and understanding, you must be able to read, understand, and speak English.
Gratuities
Gratuities are included for wait staff at included meals (excluding hotel meals in Europe), and porterage at hotels for one suitcase per person during the land stay of your trip.
Gratuities for your Tour / Cruise Director, Local Hosts®, Local Guides, driver, and ship’s crew are not included in the trip price (unless otherwise noted in pricing details) and are discretionary.
Holidays, Special Events & Venue Closures
At times, venues are limited or not available due to local holidays, events or various seasons. The Company will indicate known closures in the itinerary or advisements, but not all closures are known in advance. The Company is not liable for venue availability. The Company will offer alternatives when possible.
Insecticide
Some countries may require aircraft cabin insecticide treatment for inbound foreign flights. For more information about aircraft disinfection requirements and a list of countries requiring disinfection of inbound flights, visit https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/spray
Itinerary Timings
Itinerary timings are not guaranteed and are subject to change. No refunds are provided for changes to itinerary timings.
Optional Excursions
Optional excursions are not included in your reservation. Optional excursions are provided by independent third-party operators ("Excursion Operators"). Your contract for any optional excursion is between you and the Excursion Operators. The Excursion Operators may render services subject to separate and additional terms and conditions, or may require you to execute additional documents, waivers, or releases. It is agreed and understood by you that any assumptions of liability, waivers, or releases that are part of the Excursion Operators' terms & conditions, and any terms that are required by such Excursion Operators will also inure to the benefit of The Company.
Optional excursions purchased through The Company are subject to separate terms and conditions which are available during booking.
For operational reasons, not all optional excursions listed in the itinerary, in print, online, or in Travel Documents may be available during your trip. Your Tour / Cruise Director will advise of availability as applicable.
Photographs & Pictures
Photographs or pictures appearing in the brochure or on the website are solely intended as examples of facilities and attractions. Actual facilities and attractions may vary according to itinerary. Maps shown are current at the time of publication and may not reflect the actual routing should the itinerary change.
Possession of Drugs
Any carriage or possession of illegal drugs will result in immediate termination of your trip.
You are responsible for knowing and observing the licensing laws for drug possession (including prescription and over the counter drugs) for all countries and states you are visiting. Laws may require you to carry a prescription from your doctor.
Punctuality on Trip
The Company is not responsible for any losses, including missed sightseeing, meals, inclusions, optional excursions, or having to make alternate transportation or lodging arrangements, if you fail to meet the representatives at assigned timings and places/pick-up points while on trip. The Company will not refund nor cover any cost or expenses incurred, or compensate for any missed inclusions or optional excursions claimed, due to your inability to maintain punctuality.
Smoking
Smoking is not allowed on transportation that is exclusively provided by The Company. Smoking includes cigarettes, e-cigarettes, cigars, e-cigars, or any other smoking or vaping device. You are responsible to abide by and adhere to Service Provider's terms & conditions, including as they relate to smoking. This includes, but is not limited to, smoking only in designated sections of vessels, hotels or restaurants.
Smoking and Hotel Rooms
The Company contracts non-smoking rooms. Hotels may impose a 100% non-smoking policy. If you require a smoking room, a request may be submitted, but The Company cannot guarantee availability.
Guarantee Share rooms are non-smoking.
Wi-Fi on Transportation Provided by The Company
Wi-Fi, when provided by The Company, is supplied by an independent third party with separate Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policies and Data Usage agreements.
The Company is not liable for the speed, reliability, or security of Wi-Fi provided through The Company. Connectivity is not guaranteed.
Safety & Medical Care
Certain risks and dangers may arise beyond our control, including but not limited to:
the hazards of traveling in undeveloped areas;
travel by boat, train, automobile, aircraft, or other means of transportation;
forces of nature;
political unrest;
acts of lawlessness or terrorism;
accident or illness in remote regions without means of rapid evacuation or availability or medical facilities.
The Company will have no liability to you regarding the provision of medical care or the adequacy of any care that may be rendered. While The Company will use its best efforts to ensure that adequate measures are taken, by agreeing to participate in a trip and/or optional excursions, you agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless The Company regarding the provision of medical care or the adequacy of any care rendered.
The Company is not responsible for such risks and dangers that may arise beyond its control. Payment of your trip indicates you accept these risks and dangers and agree to hold The Company harmless for them.
Government Travel Sites
The U.S. State Department periodically issues and updates travel warnings and travel alerts for U.S. citizens travelling domestically and abroad. It is your responsibility to review the current information on travel and security when making plans to travel with The Company. You are responsible for evaluation the travel information and your acceptance of risk of travel prior to making a reservation. Visit http://travel.state.gov for travel information. By making a reservation with The Company, you acknowledge you are aware of the travel information advised by the government of your citizenship.
Illness
The Company reserves the right to remove or quarantine you if you show signs of illness, or pose a threat to the safety and health of other participants. Removal or quarantine for any health, safety, or behavior-related assessment is at the sole discretion of The Company or the Ship’s Operator or Captain. Any costs incurred for medical assessments, diagnosis, and/or any other medically-related charges are your responsibility to pay and are due at time of services.
You will be allowed to rejoin the trip with confirmed medical certification from a licensed health practitioner indicating fitness to travel without causing harm or posing a safety or health risk to other guests.
Medical Personnel
No medical personnel travels with your group or is present on board The Company vessels. The Company cannot guarantee the availability of medical facilities or for the quality of the care or services. Any medical attention you require while traveling with The Company must be sought through a local medical facility, if/when available, for diagnosis. All related charges are at your expense.
Motorcoach Safety
You are responsible for wearing your seatbelt when provided. The Company and its Service Providers are not liable for any injury, loss, damages, fines, claims, or death resulting from any accident or incident if you were not wearing your seatbelt at the time of the accident or incident when the motorcoach was equipped with them.
You are responsible for following the safety instructions provided to you. You are responsible for regulations for safety when accompanying minors. The Company does not provide child safety devices.
Pregnant Guests
The Company does not have specialized facilities and/or treatments required for childbirth, prenatal, or early infant care on board its cruise ships, nor may those facilities be available at ports of call or on land stays. You should consider the risks of traveling where necessary medical care for pregnancy may not be available and may not be reachable in a timely manner to address potential medical complications, problems, and emergencies that can occur during pregnancy.
Weapons
Weapons are not permitted. This includes firearms, knives, mace, brass knuckles, and weapons of any other type
Hotels & Cabins
Hotels are listed in the accommodation section of our website and in our brochure.
Air-Conditioning
Air-conditioning in hotels is not guaranteed, and its availability depends on local and national laws/regulations. Though hotels may have air-conditioning as a listed amenity, its usage is often unavailable at night or in the off-season. The Company has no control over air-conditioning at hotels.
Check-in Times
The Company does not secure early check-in (unless specifically noted in an itinerary). Check-in times vary worldwide and are solely at the discretion of the hotel. At your discretion, you may inquire about early check-in when you arrive and pay the hotel directly for this service.
Cruise Staterooms
Unless available and selected during the reservation process, staterooms are assigned upon embarkation. On Avalon Waterways cruises, The Company reserves the right to change your cabin when necessary. Upgrades must be purchased in advance of departure; there is no guarantee of upgrade availability if not purchased in advance.
Hotel Changes
Hotels are not guaranteed. The Company reserves the right to substitute hotels of similar standards at our discretion. No refunds are provided for hotel changes. Should you wish to cancel your reservation because of a hotel change, full cancellation fees apply.
Hotel Reward Points
Hotel rewards/points cannot be earned or redeemed with hotels used by The Company.
Room Configuration
The Company contracts standard, twin-bedded rooms (two separate beds per room). Double-bedded rooms (one bed per room) are not guaranteed but may be indicated as a preference during the reservation. Assignment of rooms is at the hotel’s discretion and not controlled by The Company.
Singles
Single supplements ensure your own room but not the number of beds in a room. Single rooms are generally smaller in size and may be less conveniently located.
Triple Rooms
Availability of triple rooms at hotels varies by itinerary. Triple rooms/cabins are not available on Avalon Waterways.
Triple rooms accommodate three people, but do not guarantee three separate beds. An additional bed, if available, is at the hotel’s discretion and may be a roll-away bed put in for the night or a convertible sofa. If existing beds accommodate three people, and you request something additional, payment of the additional bed is payable by you directly to the hotel at checkout.
Guaranteed Shares
Guaranteed Share accommodations will be monitored and available only within state, federal and country regulations and may not be available at time of travel. Guaranteed Share accommodations are only available on Cosmos Europe, Cosmos North America and Cosmos South America (without extensions).
Guaranteed Share Match
By selecting a share accommodation, you are authorizing The Company to match you with another participant as your roommate for the duration of your trip. The roommate pairing will be of the same sex and roommates will be assigned at time of travel. If no roommate pairing is available, The Company will cover the single supplement. Share accommodations are not available on all trips.
Guaranteed Share Liability, Disputes & Incompatibility
The Company is not liable for any roommate pairing compatibility and, by accepting and purchasing a share accommodation, you waive any claims against The Company and assume all inherent risks in being assigned a roommate.
The Company is not responsible for any disputes between roommates (such as sleep patterns, snoring, noise, air-conditioning or other such personal comfort requirements, etc.). Any dispute between roommates is your responsibility to resolve. During the trip, alternate single arrangements, if available, may be secured but are never guaranteed. You are responsible for covering any extra expenses resulting from changing your rooming arrangements on trip. Payment in full will be required immediately upon securing new accommodations.
Transportation
Alcohol
Alcohol consumption is not permitted on any motorcoaches.
Rail & Air Services
If included rail or air services are unavailable, alternate services are provided at the expense of The Company.
Seat Rotation
For touring with Globus and Cosmos, The Company follows a mandatory, daily seat rotation on motorcoaches for all participants following recommendations by state, federal and country government agencies. Seat rotation may not be available in all instances.
Transfers
Transfers are provided by independent third-party transportation companies. Airport transfers for Globus and Cosmos are often group transfers operated by motorcoach and may have pre-set departures times.
The Company is not responsible for flight delays, delays in immigration or customs, delays due to lost baggage, or for any reason beyond our control if you miss your transfer. Missed transfers are non-refundable. Transfers are no longer provided in North America starting with 2021 departures.
River Cruising
Carrier Terms
On board an Avalon Waterways river cruise, you are also subject to the Terms & Conditions of the Carrier. Carrier Terms & Conditions are available for each Avalon ship upon request or on the AvalonWaterways.com website.
Cruise Itinerary Changes & Cancellations – Exclusion of Liability
The Company reserves the right to operate part of or all an itinerary by substitute vessel, motorcoach or hotel accommodation in the event of water level problems on stretches of any waterway, technical problems of any nature, severe weather, flooding, fire, drought, earthquake, explosion, peril of navigation, industrial action, civil unrest, war, government order or act, operational requirements, or any circumstances beyond the reasonable control of The Company.
The Company reserves the right to change the itinerary whenever conditions, in the opinion of the Master of the Ship or local waterways regulations, render it advisable or necessary.
Double Docking
Docking positions at each port are assigned by local authorities. River cruise companies have no control over where they can dock. This can sometimes result in double-docking - when more than one ship is assigned to the same dock and the ships are rafted together, temporarily obstructing the view. When double-docked you might be required to pass through another vessel to embark or disembark. In those cases, you will have to follow the instructions given by the Master or the crew of the vessel you will pass through. The Company will not be responsible for any inconvenience or injury sustained as a consequence of embarking or disembarking not under the direct control of The Company for reasons of such assignment.
River, Canal, Lock & Dock Maintenance
River and other local authorities often need to carry out repair or maintenance work on the river or canal banks, stretches of river or canal, bridges, locks or docks, or other areas that may impede river cruise travel. This is frequently undertaken with little or no advance notice to river cruise operators, and can cause The Company to make changes to the published itinerary or to operate part of the itinerary by substitute vessel, motorcoach or hotel accommodation with little to no advance notice. These events are beyond our control, and The Company will not be responsible for any loss, expense, or inconvenience caused by reasons of such changes.
Trip Documents
It is your responsibility to obtain and have in your possession proper and valid documentation required for entry and departure for each country you travel. You are solely responsible for the cost incurred during travel for missing, incomplete or defective documentation. The Company is not liable for any loss or expense incurred due to loss, damage, or errant entry, exit or travel documentation.
Documents for Minors
Due to heightened security, many countries have adopted practices to prevent international abductions of children. It is your responsibility to know, understand and ensure you have the proper documentation for traveling with minors.
Guest Communications
The Company will send invoices, hotel lists, travel advice, and other information to the email address provided when making the reservation. A full travel packet is available electronically 2-3 weeks prior to departure.
Member Certificate
Acceptance on your trip is subject to presentation of the Tour/Cruise Participant Certificate, which will be available in your final Documents.
Passports
You must have a passport to travel internationally. Passports must be valid for at least six (6) months beyond the conclusion of your trip. The Company requires your passport details prior to final documentation for all international travel.
Vaccinations or Medical Certificates
You are responsible to verify medical requirements for your travel. This includes, but is not limited to, vaccinations, medical certificates, and insurance policies.
Visas
It is your responsibility to obtain and verify the validity of visas, and if visas are necessary for your trip. Securing and paying for all visas, entry documents, and any other requirements for entry into a country is your responsibility. It is your responsibility to carry these documents with you. The Company is not liable for denial for entry or exit, or costs incurred for not having correct and complete documentation.
Waivers
Health & Safety
Signing of a Health & Safety Waiver is required for travel with The Company. You will not be allowed on trip without signing the waiver and you will be subject to the cancellation fees above. You can view a copy of the Health & Safety Waiver by accessing the following link at https://www.GlobusJourneys.com/waivers
Avalon Waterways
Signing of a Liability Release is required on Avalon Waterways cruises and for the activities that have higher levels of participation on all cruises. On the first day of the cruise, the Cruise Director will ask you to sign this Liability Release. You can view a copy of the Liability Release by accessing the following link at Https://www.AvalonWaterways.com/waivers.
Waivers General
During the course of your cruise, tour, or excursion, you may encounter the opportunity to participate in additional, optional activities that are provided by independent third-party suppliers. The suppliers of those optional services may render those services subject to separate and additional terms and conditions, or may require you to execute additional documents, waivers, or releases. It is understood that any assumptions of liability, waivers, or releases that are part of the suppliers’ terms and conditions or that are required by those independent suppliers will also inure to the benefit of The Company.
Service Inquiries After Your Trip
The Company Contact
If you wish to inquire about any services, ensure all correspondence is received by:
Traveler Services, Group Voyagers Inc.
5301 South Federal Circle
Littleton, Colorado 80123
Claims or Complaints
Any complaint or claim involving your trip or the services offered by The Company or involving the negligence of any suppliers (including Service Providers), sub- contractors, or agents in relation to any service provided to you must be made to the Tour or Cruise Director or Local Host® immediately while on trip.
Written notification to The Company may be submitted to the address above and must be received within 30 days of the trip completion, except where such limitations are prohibited by law.
Responsibility
The Company
Group Voyagers Inc., at 5301 South Federal Circle, Littleton, CO is an independent company (“The Company”) licensed to market and distribute travel products under the Globus, Cosmos, Monograms, and Avalon Waterways brand names, and arrange for the trip services, including transportation, sightseeing, and accommodations through independent contracts with third-party suppliers.
Company Representation
No person, other than an authorized representative of The Company by a document in writing, is authorized to vary, add, or waive any Term or Condition on its brochure or website, including any term or condition set forth in the preceding provisions.
A provision of these Terms may not be waived or varied except in writing, signed by the party or parties to be bound.
International Conventions & Treaties
The international carriage of passengers is subject to international conventions and treaties, where applicable. These international agreements limit and, in some events, exclude the carrier’s liability to passengers (trip participants). To the extent permitted by any relevant local law, where any claim or part of a claim (including those involving death or personal injury) concerns or involves any travel arrangements (including the process of getting on or off the transport concerned) provided by any air, sea, inland waterways, rail or road carrier, or any stay in a hotel, The Company’s maximum liability is the maximum that would be payable by the carrier or the hotel keeper concerned under the applicable international convention, treaty, or regulation applicable to the travel arrangements or hotel stay (e.g., the Warsaw Convention, the Montréal Convention for international travel by air, the EU Regulation on Air Carrier Liability for air carriers with an operating license granted by an EU country, the Athens Convention for international travel by sea) in that situation.
Liability
The trip participant agrees that neither The Company nor its affiliates shall be liable for any damage, loss (including personal injury, death, and property loss), or expense occasioned by any act or omission of any supplier (including any Service Provider) providing services, any insurer or insurance administrator under the Travel Protection plan, or any other person.
Right to Accept or Reject
The Company reserves the right to accept or reject any person as a trip participant; to expel any participant from the trip; to make changes in the itinerary whenever The Company deems it necessary for the comfort, convenience, or safety of the participants; and to cancel a trip at any time.
You acknowledge and agree that our Service Providers may reserve similar rights regarding their services. You agree to abide by such conditions, and further agree to indemnify and hold us harmless against any exercise of such rights by any Service Provider.
Service Providers
Air carriers, accommodations, and other suppliers (including but not limited to suppliers of trains, cruises, ferries, motorcoaches, hotels, excursions, and restaurants) providing services (Service Providers) are independent third-party contractors and are not agents, employees, servants, or joint venturers of The Company or its affiliates.
From time-to-time, and for the purpose of identifying those Service Providers as the provider of a component or part of a cruise, package or tour, some or all of those entities may utilize the name “Globus, Cosmos, Monograms or Avalon Waterways” on promotional media, signage, or attire. Although you may see The Company name on vehicles, signs, apparel, or elsewhere during your cruise, tour, or excursion, its use by Service Providers is solely for the purpose of identification and does not represent or signify in any way ownership, management, supervision, direction, or control, or the right to direct or control by The Company of services that are provided by the Service Providers, or of the employees, servants, or agents of the Service Providers.
All certificates and other Trip Documents for services issued by The Company are subject to the Terms & Conditions specified by any of our Service Providers, which are available upon request, and to the laws of the countries in which the services are supplied.
Service Responsibilities
After departure, if the Services included in the trip cannot be supplied or there are changes in an itinerary for reasons beyond the control of The Company, depending on the circumstances, The Company will take reasonable action to arrange for the provision of comparable services. Any resulting additional expense will be the responsibility of trip participants, and any resulting savings will be refunded by The Company to trip participants.
Disputes
Any dispute between the trip participant and The Company, directly or indirectly relating to the Terms and/or to the trip undertaken, shall be first submitted to mediation in Denver, Colorado, before a mediator mutually agreed to by the parties.
Any action arising out of or related to these Terms and Conditions or the travel reserved or undertaken hereunder, shall be brought only in the courts of the State of Colorado. All trip participants agree that Colorado shall be the sole and exclusive venue for any such action and hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the Colorado courts for such action.
Arbitration
Any claim against The Company must be brought within 12 months after the date of the completion of the trip and not later. The parties hereby agree and specify that claims may be brought only in the state or federal courts of Colorado, and the parties specifically consent to jurisdiction and venue in Colorado. Neither the parties nor any affiliate of the Company shall in any case be liable for damages other than compensatory damages, and the parties hereby waive any right to claim punitive or exemplary damages. Colorado law governs this contract and all proceedings arising out of or related to this agreement.
Trade Names
Avalon Waterways
AVALON WATERWAYS, and other AVALON formative marks, are trademarks and servicemarks owned and/or applied for and/or registered by Avalon Waterways, Inc., in the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office and in other global jurisdictions. Group Voyagers, Inc., is an authorized user of the trademark and servicemark AVALON WATERWAYS and other AVALON formative marks, owned by Avalon Waterways, Inc.
Cosmos
COSMOS and ADVENTURE IS KNOCKING are trademarks and servicemarks owned and/or applied for and/or registered by Cosmos European Travels AG, in the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office and in other global jurisdictions. Group Voyagers, Inc., is an authorized user of the trademarks and service marks COSMOS and ADVENTURE IS KNOCKING, owned by Cosmos European Travels AG.
Globus
GLOBUS and EVERY JOURNEY TELLS A STORY are trademarks and servicemarks owned and/or applied for and/or registered by Globus Gateway Ltd., Inc., in the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office and in other global jurisdictions. Group Voyagers, Inc., is an authorized user of the trademarks and service marks GLOBUS and EVERY JOURNEYS TELLS A STORY owned by Globus Gateway Ltd., Inc.
Monograms
MONOGRAMS is a trademark owned and/or applied for and/or registered by Globus Gateway Ltd. Inc., in the U.S. Patent & Trade Mark Office and in other global jurisdictions. Group Voyagers, Inc., is an authorized user of the trademark and service mark MONOGRAMS, owned by Globus Gateway Ltd. Inc.
Want help finding a vacation?
Find a Travel Agent
Contact Us
Subscribe For Travel Deals
MyAvalon
Search by Cruise Code
Change Country
Travel Agents
Group Leaders
Careers
Site map
Engage With Us
Contact Us
Learn More About Avalon
Access eBrochure
Sign Up For Cruise Deals
Talk to an Expert
News Room
Copyright © All rights reserved.
Privacy |
Legal |
Travel Terms |
Carrier Terms |
Waivers
877.797.8791
877.797.8789
Trustpilot
Access eBrochures  |
Sign Up for Travel Deals