https://www.dnr.sc.gov/admin/privacypolicy.html
Site map | SCDNR Home
Buy
Boating
Education
Fishing
Hunting
Land
Maps
Regulations
Water
Wildlife
Information
Fees
Frequently Requested Information
How to Request Information Under FOIA
Public Meeting Minutes
Overview & FAQs
Reference Information
Reports
SC Code of Laws on FOIA
SCDNR Privacy Statement
The SCDNR takes the privacy of personal data seriously. The SCDNR complies with federal and state law regarding the protection of personal information. The SCDNR will not collect personal information beyond that which is required and necessary to fulfill a legitimate public purpose of SCDNR or the state of South Carolina. South Carolina or federal law, as well as conducting agency business, may require that data held by the SCDNR be disclosed in certain situations.
Section 30-2-50 of the South Carolina Family Privacy Protection Act prohibits persons or private entities from obtaining or using any personal information obtained from the Department for commercial solicitation. A person knowingly violating this prohibition is guilty of a misdemeanor offense and subject to the penalties specified in 30-2-50 (D). Any person or entity requesting or obtaining records pursuant to the South Carolina Family Privacy Protection Act shall be notified of this prohibition.
The SCDNR website contains links to various websites. This includes websites of other governmental agencies, national organizations, or beneficial resources that may assist with services we provide. Many of these sites may not be subject to South Carolina laws or may operate under different privacy standards. Visitors to those websites are advised to check the privacy statements of those sites and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used. SCDNR is not responsible for the content of any off-site websites, and a link to a page does not constitute an endorsement.
The SCDNR maintains all personal information in databases that reside behind security firewalls in accordance with State IT Security Requirements. Cookies and tags may be used for some of the web applications but only as required to conduct official state business. The DNR uses session cookies to track a particular on-line transaction. These cookies are temporary and are destroyed after successful completion of the transaction, after a few minutes of inactivity or when the browser is closed.
The SCDNR maintains a web site to provide information and access to various types of public information. While every effort is made to ensure that all information is accurate, data on this site is provided "as is" without a warranty of any kind. The agency is not responsible for damages or injury caused by failure of performance, error, omission, inaccuracy, completeness or other errors in information on this site. Information is subject to change without notice and any aspect of this web site may be discontinued at any time. In the event that there is a conflict between this Privacy Statement and a state or federal law governing the disclosure of public records, the applicable state or federal law shall control.
The information collected by the SCDNR is subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of the state's Freedom of Information Act and other applicable sections of the South Carolina Code of Laws and/or federal law.
For further details on the disclosure of information and the types of information disclosed, please contact:
SC DNR – Legal Office
Freedom of Information Officer
(803) 734-4006
SCDNR PO Box 167 Columbia, SC
29202
Phone Numbers | Accessibility |
FOIA | Privacy Policy | Report
Waste or Abuse to SC Inspector General |
South Carolina Department of Natural Resources -
Rembert C. Dennis Building
1000 Assembly Street, Columbia, SC 29201
© 2020 All rights reserved. webmaster@dnr.sc.gov