https://www.gliding.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Club Finder
Sailplane & Gliding
Junior Gliding
Shop
Gallery
Contact
British Gliding Team
Club Login
Try Gliding
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice sets out how the British Gliding Association (BGA) uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
The BGA is committed to protecting your data. The BGA collects specific personal data that is needed to provide and support member services.  On the website, this may be collected through the data you supply in online forms and e-services. Without the data, we cannot supply you with our services.
The data is processed by approved BGA personnel via password protected back-office software. All credit/debit card data details are deleted on payment. The BGA only shares personal data when strictly necessary for the purpose, where approved by the person who the data relates to, where required to provide our member services, in the pursuit of flight safety, or where required to do so by law. We require these third parties to protect data in compliance with the law. In the event of a data breach, we will notify you.
You have the right to be informed, right of access, right to rectify, right to erasure, right to restrict processing, right to data portability, right to object, and the right to not be subjected to automated decision making, including profiling. The BGA does not operate automatic decision making or data-profiling processes.
You can view our data privacy notice here.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies help us analyse web traffic and allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
The majority of cookies used by our web sites are ‘session cookies.’ These will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. We use persistent cookies, which remain in your computer, to help our web shop and Email alerting system respond to you as an individual. Unless you use either of these two functions, and subject to the statement in the following paragraph, we will not store any persistent cookies on your computer.
In addition, we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages of our web sites are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to user needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. This function is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your use of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
About Gliding
What is gliding?
What does it cost?
When can you glide?
Where can you glide?
Who can glide?
Try Gliding
Buy a Voucher
Become a pilot
Redeem a Voucher
Member Area
BGA
About the BGA
Organisation
Executive Committee
Awards
Past Chairmen
Club Finder
Sailplane & Gliding
Junior Gliding
Shop
Press
Gallery
Contact
British Gliding Team
Login
Our website uses cookies to provide insights and to ensure you get the best experience whilst visiting.
Learn more
Accept & Close
Newsletter Signup
Members
Email
We respect your privacy. Please see our privacy policy for further details.