https://www.beavers-uniform.co.uk/terms
...
0333 355 4008
My Account
Register Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Beavers Uniform
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Categories
Customer Service
My Account Order History Wish List Gift Vouchers Newsletter Returns Affiliates
Specials Information
About Us Delivery Information Privacy Policy Billing and Payments Terms & Conditions Returns Policy GDPR Request GDPR Forget Brands Site Map Contact Us
Beavers Uniform iBlog
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions This site is owned, operated and maintained by A&N Trading Ltd. We are registered in England under company number 04745472 our VAT number is GB 814451448 and our registered office is Lawrence & Company, 26 Bell Street, Sawbridgeworth. CM21 9AN. The use of this Website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions which set out the rules for how we run the Website and we advise all users of this Website to read them. By using this Website you acknowledge that you have read and you agree to be bound by and comply with these Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to change the contents of this Website, including these Terms and Conditions at any time without notice by posting such changes on the Website. We would advise all users of this Website to familiarise themselves with the Terms and Conditions regularly to ensure that they are aware of any changes. Use of the Website after a change has been posted will signify the users acceptance of the modified Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this Website. SHOPPING ON THE WEBSITE The following Terms and Conditions apply to how we supply any goods displayed for sale on our Website which you purchase through our Website. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects your statutory rights. The information, service and products on this Website are intended for use by residents of the UK only, and are not aimed at or intended for use by residents of any other jurisdiction. PRICES, PAYMENT AND DELIVERY You can purchase Goods on our Website and payments can be made by credit or debit card. We accept purchase orders for Goods sent by post with a cheque attached. We shall not despatch any Goods until we receive confirmation of payment. Your payment will be processed by a Secure Connection at the time you place your order on the relevant section of the Website. Payment will be deducted from your account when the item(s) are ready for dispatch. Goods to be supplied are subject to availability of stocks at the date of your order. Delivery is restricted to UK mainland. We aim to deliver Goods to UK mainland addresses within 2/8 working days (excluding weekends and bank holidays) of you placing your order - this is subject to seasonal fluctuations but normally we will send your goods within 24/48 hours from receipt of order. We will inform you as soon as we can if we are unable to deliver the Goods and give you the option to back order or to cancel. In no event shall we be liable for any damages or penalty for any delay in delivery. Please ensure on receipt that the Goods are undamaged. If they are damaged you need to notify us straight away. You should telephone us on 0333 355 4008 or email us. Risk in the Goods passes to you when the Goods are delivered to the address stipulated in your order. A&N Trading Ltd accepts no responsibility for any damage or loss to the Goods after risk passes. With all of our deliveries we register proof of postage with the post office. In the unlikely event that goods are not delivered we will submit a claim to the post office for the cost of goods that have been shipped. We are governed by the postal rules detailed at http://www.postoffice.co.uk/portal/po/home. Once we have received confirmation of a non-delivery and we have been refunded the cost of goods then we will issue a credit in full for the sales order (the cost of the items sent including the postal charge). Please note that it is our company policy that we WILL NOT re-send the goods but only credit the amount owed. The prices for Goods at the check out stage are inclusive of VAT. Delivery charges are as set out in the check out process. The placing of a product on our Website is an invitation to accept offers for products and is not an offer to sell at the listed price nor is it binding on us. We are under no obligation to accept your order (whether or not the order has been confirmed and the credit card been charged). In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error, we will notify you of the correct price and we will give you the choice of either purchasing the product at the correct price or cancelling your order. If you confirm you want the product at the corrected price we will deliver the product to you. If payment has been charged for the purchase and you cancel your order we will, on return of the Goods, issue a refund. YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL You may cancel your order for Goods at any stage before the Goods are despatched. To cancel your order you must notify us in writing (which includes fax and e-mail) at our address. RETURNS POLICY Our returns policy for refunds is 14 working days from receipt of goods. If you wish to return goods for credit/exchange you must first submit a returns authorisation request (the link is on our homepage). All Goods being returned should be posted at a Post Office, please ensure that you have either a proof of postage from the post office or the goods are sent as signed for. Our returns address is A&N Trading, PO Box 12165, Sawbridgeworth. CM21 1AW.
INCORRECTLY ORDERED GOODS: Goods which are not defective or damaged, we will exchange the Goods or refund you the amount paid for the purchase of Goods provided that the Goods are returned within 7 days, complete, unused and in good condition with the original tags attached.
DEFECTIVE or DAMAGED GOODS: We ask that you allow us to repair, replace or refund you for the purchase price paid for any Goods which are found to be defective, incorrect or damaged on delivery. If the Goods are defective, incorrect or damaged on delivery, please notify us within 3 working days of any problem and return the Goods to us. On cancellation for whatever reason you must return to us the Goods we have delivered to you.
Refunds will be made by re-crediting your payment card account from which the money was originally debited or by cheque if your order was sent by post. All refunds will be made within 14 working days of notifying you of the cancellation of your order. COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE In the event that we fail to meet our high standards of customer service please do not hesitate to contact us by email. We will do our very best to deal with your complaint as soon as possible and make every effort to reach a satisfactory conclusion on your behalf in order to retain your valued custom. SECURITY / PCI COMPLIANCE A&N Trading Ltd complies with PCI regulations governing the storing and handling of credit card and customer sensitive materials.
All data captured via the website is encrypted with SSL encryption to pass it to our payment processors. All credit card information is not stored at our premises. Our staff do not have access to your credit card information. Our payment processors are themselves PCI compliant.
DATA PROCESSING Personal information will only be collected with your consent. Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details you provide to us which identify you as an individual) will be processed by us. We will use your information for the purpose of administering our relationship with you, such as; fulfilling orders placed by you; processing any other transactions authorised by you; informing you of special offers; undertaking product or customer research/development and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest. If you do not wish to receive any marketing information you may request that your details are excluded from any promotional activity by sending an e-mail to us. Your personal information shall not be used for any other purposes and shall not be disclosed to any other organisations. USE OF WEBSITE CONTENT Please do not use the Website in any way that may infringe the intellectual property rights contained in the Website without our express permission (although you may download and print out pages from the Website for the sole purpose of viewing for your own personal information). LIMITATION OF LIABILITY In respect of any cause of action (including an action for negligence) arising out of or in connection with any purchase made from the Website, our entire liability shall be limited, to the extent that the cause of action relates to the items purchased on our Website to:
repairing or supplying the Goods again or refunding the amount paid by you in respect of the Goods purchased.
Our aggregate liability in respect of all causes of action arising out of or in connection with the Goods purchased on our Website or in connection with your use of the Website (whether for breach of contract, in negligence or any other tort, under statute or otherwise at all), including for the loss or damage to Goods whilst in transit, will not exceed an amount equal to the value of the Goods delivered to you under these Terms and Conditions.
Save in respect of death and personal injury we shall not be liable (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise) for any claim arising under or in connection with Goods purchased from the Website or your use of the Website unless you give us written notice of the claim within three months of becoming aware of the circumstances giving rise to the claim or, if earlier, three months from the time you ought reasonably to have become aware of such circumstances.
LAW AND JURISDICTION These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Disputes arising in relation to this Website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Certain provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions may be disallowed by the laws of the country from which you are accessing the Website. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, it will be severed from the rest of these Terms and Conditions which shall remain unaffected. A person who is not a party to this contract is not entitled to enforce any of its terms under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. ENTIRE AGREEMENT These Terms and Conditions represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and supersede all other statements, representations or warranties (whether written, made by email or oral) made by A&N Trading Ltd.. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect the liability of either party in respect of any misrepresentation, warranty or condition that it makes fraudulently. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved by A&N Trading Ltd. FORCE MAJEURE We shall not be liable to you for any delay in, or failure of, performance of our obligations under these Terms and Conditions arising from any cause beyond our reasonable control including any of the following: act of God, governmental act, war, fire, flood, explosion or civil commotion, failure in information technology or telecommunications services, failure of a third party (including failure to supply data) and industrial action. DISCLAMER OF CONTENT Whilst we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the information on this Website it is provided on an "as is" basis and we give no warranty and make no representation regarding the accuracy or completeness of the content of this Website. Further, no warranty is given that the Website shall be available on an uninterrupted basis, and no liability can be accepted in respect of losses or damages arising out of such unavailability. Access to and use of this Website is at the user's own risk and we do not warrant that the use of this Website or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, including but not limited to loss of data or computer virus infection. We accept no liability for viruses. You are recommended to take all appropriate safeguards before downloading information or images from the Website. The information contained in the Website has not been written to meet your individual requirements and it is your sole responsibility to satisfy yourself prior to ordering any products from us that they are suitable for your purposes. Orders will be subject to our Terms and Conditions. Any advice given on this Website is for guidance purposes only. Any such advice should not be relied upon or used as a substitute for legal or other professional advice on your specific requirements. We shall not be liable to you for any of the following whether arising from any claim arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website including without limitation under any tort including negligence, for breach of contract, for misrepresentation (other than fraudulent misrepresentation), intellectual property infringement, under any statute or otherwise:
any indirect, special or consequential losses;
in respect of losses or damages arising out of changes made to the content of this Website by unauthorised third parties;
any loss of business, data, profits, revenue, goodwill, use or anticipated savings; or
loss or damage to your, or any third party's, data or records.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit our duties and liabilities under any applicable legislation or any conduct of business rules which we are bound to comply with. Except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions we exclude all representations, conditions and warranties whether express or implied (by statute or otherwise) to the fullest extent permitted by law. If you have any enquiries or concerns about our privacy policy please contact us by email. If at any time you wish us to stop processing the information we have about you as a result of your use of this Website please send us a message and insert "unsubscribe" as the subject heading. A&N Trading, PO Box 12165, Sawbridgeworth. CM21 1AW Telephone: 0333 355 4008
Information
About Us Delivery Information Privacy Policy Billing and Payments Terms & Conditions Returns Policy GDPR Request GDPR Forget
Customer Service
Contact Us GDPR / Privacy Tools Returns Site Map
Extras
Brands Gift Vouchers Affiliates Specials
My Account
My Account Order History Wish List Newsletter
© A&N Trading 2020