https://www.accessfares.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Access to Travel,  LLC (“AccessFares”, “Access”, “Access to Travel”, “AF”, “HubFares”, “HUB”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We provide this Privacy & Cookies Policy to explain how we collect, use, share, and process personal data through the AccessFares web site, the AccessFares mobile site, our iPhone, Android and other mobile applications and any other online communications and interfaces (the “Site”).
Collection of Your Personal Data
We collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) about you that you provide to us or that we obtain while you are using the Site. Personal Data includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, address, phone number, credit card number, e-mail address, age, date of birth, gender, username and password for our Site and any other information you may choose to provide or as may be required to fulfill the requested service. We also collect non-personally identifiable information, including your IP address, search preferences related to specific searches, location, and bids through your interactions with our Site. When we link non-personally identifiable information with Personal Data, we will treat it as Personal Data under this Privacy & Cookies Policy. Other key data collection points are as follows:
Sites Linked to AccessFares: Our Site includes links to other web sites and online services whose privacy practices may differ from those of AccessFares. If you submit Personal Data to or through any web sites or services, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any web site you visit or online services you use.
Social Media: The Site may also include Social Media Features and Widgets, such as Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter, and YouTube. These features may collect your IP address and/or which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
Other Travelers: If you purchase certain services, such as airline tickets, for other travelers, we will collect Personal Data of the other travelers that (i) is required to fulfill the requested service and (ii) you may otherwise provide to us. You must make sure that you have the right to provide such information. By providing any Personal Data of another traveler, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect, use and disclose such Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy & Cookies Policy. Personal Data of other travelers is collected only for the purpose of providing such Personal Data to the appropriate travel supplier, such as the airline on which travel will occur, to fulfill the requested service, or as otherwise may be required or permitted by applicable law.
Protecting Your Personal Data
We employ reasonable and current technical, administrative and physical safeguards that are designed to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and to ensure correct use of Personal Data. To provide protection for credit card transactions, AccessFares currently uses Secure Socket Layer encryption.
Use of Your Personal Data
We use Personal Data to provide you with the products and services from our Site, to build features that will make the services available on the Site easier to use, and to contact you about these services. This includes faster purchase requests, better customer support and timely notice of new services and special offers and more relevant content.
Certain jurisdictions require an explanation of the legal basis for the collection and processing of Personal Data. We have several different legal grounds on which we collect and process Personal Data, including: (a) as necessary to perform a transaction (such as when we perform a transaction with you or respond to your requests); (b) as necessary to comply with a legal obligation (such as when we use Personal Data for record keeping to substantiate our compliance with other laws; (c) consent (where you have provided consent as appropriate under applicable law); and (d) necessary for legitimate interests (such as when we offer you relevant marketing if you have not previously objected). The provision of Personal Data as described in this Privacy & Cookies Policy is partly a contractual requirement (to provide information at your request and to engage in transactions with you) and partly a statutory requirement (e.g., for us to substantiate our compliance with other laws and defend claims). In general, you do need to provide the Personal Data to engage in transactions with us, except in limited instances when we indicate that certain information is voluntary (e.g., in connection with surveys). Not providing Personal Data may prevent us from providing you with requested information and carrying out transactions. However, you can always exercise control over our use of data for marketing and you can control the use of cookies on our Site.
Marketing
You have control regarding our use of Personal Data for directing marketing. Specifically, and where required by law with your prior consent, we may contact you to offer special savings or promotions, to provide marketing material or other offers, to request feedback on your experience using the Site or our services, or to assist us in improving the Site. If you would prefer not to receive notices of special savings or promotions, you may simply opt-out from receiving them by using the unsubscribe hyperlink provided in any communication or contact us information below.
Sharing Your Personal Data
AccessFares does not share your Personal Data, except as disclosed in this Privacy & Cookies Policy or as otherwise authorized by you. AccessFares may share your Personal Data with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies and with third parties as described in the categories below:
Affiliated Companies: When you use our service to reserve airline tickets, hotel rooms or rental cars or to take advantage of any other products and services (such as travel insurance), we may provide Personal Data to the airline, hotel, car rental agency or other involved third-party.  Please refer to the websites of third party suppliers for their Privacy Policies and other information on the suppliers.
AccessFares Third Party Partners: In order to provide you with certain services, we may share your Personal Data with third party partners, or require that you transact directly with a third party partner. Third party partners consist of companies with which AccessFares has contracted in order to provide you with services or products featured on our Site.:
AccessFares Agents: Many of the operations we perform require us to hire other companies to help us with these tasks. For example, AccessFares hires companies to help us handle mail and e-mail (including sending and delivering packages, postal mail and e-mail), analyze the data we collect, market our products and services, handle credit card transactions and provide customer service. The companies we employ to help us with these tasks have access to Personal Data to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. AccessFares requires all agents to whom Personal Data is disclosed to enter into confidentiality agreements and to agree to act in a manner consistent with the relevant principles articulated in this Policy.
Future Business Transfers: Our business is constantly changing. As part of that process, AccessFares may sell or buy other companies, and Personal Data may be transferred as part of these transactions. It is also possible that AccessFares, or substantially all of its assets, may be acquired by another company, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, and Personal Data may be transferred as part of such a transaction. In such cases, the acquiring company would be required to honor the privacy promises in this Privacy & Cookies Policy or obtain your consent to any material changes to how your Personal Data will be handled.
Compliance with Law and Other Disclosures: AccessFares reserves the right to release Personal Data in order to comply with applicable law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us. We may also release Personal Data to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our products and services, protect us or others against fraudulent or inappropriate activities, or otherwise protect the rights, property or safety of AccessFares, our affiliated companies, our customers, or others.
Access or Change Your Personal Data and Data Subject Rights
AccessFares understands that you may want to change, access or delete your Personal Data. You may do so by accessing your profile or by contacting us at privacy@accessfares.com. To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before auctioning a request, granting access or making changes to your Personal Data. Any request to access your Personal Data will be answered within 30 days of verifying your request. If you have created a profile on any of the services available on our Site, your e-mail address and password are required in order to access your profile information.
Depending on the jurisdiction where you reside, you may have specific rights under local legislation to: (i) request access to your Personal Data; (ii) request rectification of your Personal Data; (iii) request erasure of your Personal Data; (iv) request restriction of processing of your Personal Data; (v) request data portability; (vi) object to the processing of your Personal Data. Contact us at privacy@accessfares.com. if you have questions or would like to exercise such rights.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. In addition, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Our Site is operated in the United States. If you are located outside the US, your Personal Data will be transferred to the US, a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of protection as your home jurisdiction. The cross-border transfer to the US is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a transaction that you are requesting, and/or for the establishment, exercise, and defense of legal claims. To the extent permitted by local law, your use of the Site or provision of any Personal Data constitutes your consent to the cross-border transfer of Personal Data and the other activities identified in this Privacy.
Customers in the EU
If you reside in the EU, you are entitled to the following rights in respect of personal information that we hold:
Right of access: The right to obtain access to your personal information.
Right to rectification: The right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure: The right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was collected or processed
Right to restriction: The right to obtain the restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
Right to complain: You have the right to register a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
Our ability to uphold these right for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because process is necessary to deliver the services you have requested.  Where this is the case , we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.  You may contact us at privacy@accessfares.com.
Children
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use any services on our Site.
Changes to the Privacy
AccessFares may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our Personal Data collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions, concerns or comments, please contact us at privacy@accessfares.com. AccessFares, LLC is located at 6301 Gaston Ave #200, Dallas, Texas 75214 USA. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us at the above address given or at our email address privacy@accessfares.com . You may also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Earn More
Forms
Book Now
Privacy Policy
FAQ’s
About Us
GDPR Compliance NoticeThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Travel Agent?
We have moved over to HUB where you can access the best pricing in the industry.
CLICK HERE TO LEARN MORE
×