https://www.toprider.com.au/policies/
Policies | Toprider Australia
Proudly sponsored by Furygan Leathersand Five5 MotorcyclesPartnered with Wakefield Park Racewayand LS2 Helmets1300 13 13 62info@toprider.com.au
Facebook
Google+
YouTube
Instagram
Learn to Ride
Come & Try
Learn to Ride
One-On-One Lessons
Road Craft
Ride Time
Refresher
QRide Courses
Learners Permit (RE L)
Restricted Licence (RE O)
Open Licence (R)
Specialty Courses
Adventure Rides
ATV and Quad Courses
Dirt Bike Day
Grip School
Instructors Course
Maintenance Course
SMART Programs
SMART Adventure
SMART Initiative
Advanced Courses
Advanced Rider Training
Braking & Cornering (level 1)
Steering & Trail Braking (level 2)
Applying the 5 Strategies of Braking & Steering (level 3)
Track 1 (level 4)
Track 2 (level 5)
Track 3 (level 6)
Coach and Setup Day
One on One Training
Gallery
Contact Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Top Rider Australia Pty Ltd Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ensures you are aware of how Top Rider Australia Pty Ltd, securely manages your personal information we collect. Top Rider Australia is bound by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and Privacy Amendments (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012.
Privacy Policy
Top Rider Australia warrants that all personal information submitted will remain the confidential property of the owners and will not be intentionally sold or given to any third party, other than companies who manage the Top Rider booking and payment portals. This policy covers how we manage and store personal information along with the process required to lodge a complaint.
Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information. However, for access to customer support features, to make an online booking and to attend a course, you are required to submit personally identifiable information.
Top Rider will not collect personal information unless the information is reasonably necessary for a service.
All personal information received by Top Rider Australia is used in the delivery of business services in accordance with our policies and procedures.
If you are unwilling or unable to provide us with the requested information, you may not be eligible for these services.
Personal information may be securely retained, for a minimum of 10 years for reference purposes and properly destroyed thereafter.
If you wish to access, suspect or discover that an information we hold is incorrect, you can contact us and we will correct the error.
Top Rider will ask for your personal information, including your email address and phone number. Your email address and phone number will only be used for the purposes stated and will not be disclosed beyond Top Rider and the relevant bodies described in this policy, without your express permission. Top Rider may contact you via your email or phone for administration and sales purposes only.
Sharing of your personal information
Top Rider Australia is required to occasionally disclose personal information to:
Department of Transport and Main Roads
Companies providing services on our behalf
These parties will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. Top Rider takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
We may use personal information to manage and contact you about your account and bookings as well as updating our customer and marketing databases. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us, you have the option of ‘opting out’ and you can do so at any time. Clear instructions on how to opt out will be detailed specifically (for instance, at the bottom of our e-newsletter you have the option to unsubscribe). Alternatively, you can let us know in writing at info@toprider.com.au if you wish to opt-out.
Accessing your personal information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Top Rider Australia reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Credit card payments
When making an online booking, you will be redirected to Top Riders online booking system, Rezgo. Rezgo establishes a payment gateway which means that your credit card details are never exposed. This protects your confidential information. Rezgo will hold your credit card details on your personal booking for Top Rider to process the payment. Once a payment is processed and your booking date has passed, your credit card information drops off the system, meaning it is no longer stored on your booking/account.
Changes to this privacy policy
Top Rider Australia reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the site.
Contacting us
Top Rider Australia welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Call: 1300 131362
Post: Attn: Privacy Policy
Top Rider Australia, 6/39 Lawrence Drive, Nerang, QLD 4211, AUSTRALIA
E-mail: info@toprider.com.au
Completed your QRide course? Upgrade your licence online!
upgrade licenceMotorcycle Knowledge Test
QRide Training provided by Top Rider Australia Pty Ltd – provider number 174T1213
Recent Posts
Top 5 Things To Consider Before Buying Your First Motorcycle
June 24, 2019
What I love about night riding and how can training help?
October 9, 2018
Do you need motorcycle insurance? Here’s everything you should know.
August 3, 2018
Contacts
location_on3/39 Lawrence Drive, Nerangphone1300 13 13 62emailinfo@toprider.com.au
Facebook
Google+
YouTube
Instagram
© Copyright 2017 Top Rider Australia. All Rights Reserved.
Home
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Policies