http://www.commemorativeairforce.org/privacy_policy
Member Login
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Aircraft
Units
Support
Education
General Staff
CAF National Airbase
Hall of Fame
Headquarters Staff
Non-Profit Information
Photo Gallery
Events
2020 Wing Staff Conference
Arsenal of Democracy
Join
Shop
GIVE
Donate Now
Ways to Support
Join Victory Circle
Leave a Legacy Gift
Support Henry B. Tippie National Aviation Education Center
Sponsor an Aircraft
Donate an Aircraft
Gift Acceptance Policy
Contact
Update My Info
Media Inquiries
Aircraft Rides
2020 Meeting and Election Info
CAF Documents
Home page => Pages => Privacy Policy Copyright
Privacy Policy & Copyright
The Commemorative Air Force (“CAF”) realizes the importance of privacy of our supporters. We have adopted a PRIVACY POLICY to explain how the CAF collects, manages, and protects your personal information. In addition, this policy describes how you are able to request and update your personal information and your preferences for being contacted. These are the privacy practices with respect to this website, (together with its respective features and services, the “Site”):
This policy also covers personal data or information which is received on paper forms, (whether revenue ride forms, membership applications, donation forms, and all other means by which your Information can be provided to the organization (known collectively as “Forms”): This Privacy Policy is also intended to provide you and any person seeking additional information about how your information is handled within the CAF and helping you visit, access, or use the Site or Forms (whether as a buyer, seller, visitor, or otherwise) (collectively, “you” or “your”) with an overview of the following:
the type of information about you CAF collects through the Site and Forms;
• how CAF collects such information;
• how CAF uses such information;
• who will have access to such information; and
• CAF’s security measures for protecting such information.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through the Site and through Forms. Carefully read this Privacy Policy in its entirety.
When you sign up, join, subscribe, donate, or provide any personal information through the Site or Forms, you are automatically accepting and agreeing to the most-recent version of this Privacy Policy, as well as the Site’s Terms of Use.
By visiting, accessing, or using the Site or Forms, you are automatically accepting and agreeing to the most-recent version of this Privacy Policy, as well as the Site’s Terms of Use, and your continuing visit, access, or use of the Site or Forms reaffirms your acceptance and agreement in each instance.
When you provide your information on a Form to the CAF, your information will be handled according to the manner described in this Privacy Policy. You can select how your information can be used by following the instructions in this Privacy Policy.
As used herein, the term “personal information” means information that would allow someone to contact you physically or online (e.g., your name, physical address, telephone number, e-mail address, or social security number); and the term “non-personal information” means any information other than personal information that CAF may collect from you.
Special Note About Minors.
The Site is a general audience website intended for use by adults. The Site is not designed or intended to attract, and is not directed to, children under eighteen (18) years of age, let alone children under thirteen (13) years of age. CAF does not collect personal information through the Site from any person it actually knows to be under thirteen (13) years of age. If CAF obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information through the Site from a person under thirteen (13) years of age, then it will use reasonable efforts to refrain from further using such personal information or maintaining it in retrievable form.
Furthermore, if you are under eighteen (18) years of age, then you (or your parent or legal guardian) may at any time request that CAF remove content or information about you that is posted on the Site. Please submit any such request (“Request for Removal of Minor Information”) to any one of the following:
By mail:
Commemorative Air Force, attn.: Development Office, P.O. Box 764769, Dallas, Texas 75376
with a subject line of “Removal of Minor Information.”
By e-mail:
development@cafhq.org, with a subject line of “Removal of Minor Information.”
For each Request for Removal of Minor Information, please state “Removal of Minor Information” in the e-mail or letter subject line, and clearly state the following in the body:
a.
the nature of your request;
b.
the identity of the content or information to be removed;
c.
whether such content or information if found on the Site;
d.
the location on content or information on the Site (e.g., providing the URL for the specific web page the content or information is found on);
e.
that the request is related to the “Removal of Minor Information;”
f.
your name, street address, city, state, ZIP code, and e-mail address; and
g.
whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or e-mail.
If you send a Request for Removal of Minor Information by mail, then please do so by U.S. Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested to allow for confirmation of mailing, delivery, and tracking. CAF will not accept any Request for Removal of Minor Information via telephone or facsimile. CAF is not responsible for failing to comply with any Request for Removal of Minor Information that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled, or incorrectly sent.
Please note that the aforementioned removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of such content or information posted on the Site.
Also, please note that CAF is not required to erase or otherwise eliminate, or to enable erasure or elimination of, such content or information in certain circumstances, such as, for example, when an international, federal, state, or local law, rule, or regulation requires CAF to maintain the content or information; when the content or information is stored on or posted to the Site by a third party other than you (including any content or information posted by you that was stored, republished, or reposted by the third party); when CAF anonymizes the content or information, so that you cannot be individually identified; when you do not follow the aforementioned instructions for requesting the removal of the content or information; and when you have received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or information.
The foregoing is a description of CAF’s voluntary practices concerning the collection of personal information through the Site from certain minors and is not intended to be an admission that CAF is subject to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule(s), or any similar international, federal, state, or local laws, rules, or regulations.
Categories of Information Collected.
CAF may collect personal and non-personal information about you through the Site, Forms, and/or direct mailing program.
Categories of Information Collected Through the Site, Forms and/or Direct Mailing. The categories of personal and non-personal information collected from you through the Site, Forms, and/or CAF’s direct mailing program might include your:
Name (first, last, and/or middle) and unique identifiers (e.g., username);
Login information for the members-only sections of the Site (e.g., username, password, security questions and answers);
Membership status, class, and/or ranking (e.g., CAF Cadet, CAF Supporting Member);
Home contact information (e.g., mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, facsimile number);
Gender;
Date of birth;
Marital Status;
Employer or military history;
Merchandise preferences, ex. Shirt size
Electronic signature;
Billing, payment, and shipping information (e.g., payor or payee name, checking account number, credit card number, expiration date, verification or security code, accountholder name, cardholder name, billing address, mailing address, tax ID number);
CAF or business identifier and contact information (e.g., company, title, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, facsimile number, tax ID number);
Donation or gift information (e.g., donation or gift amounts, matching amounts, donor name and contact information, tribute name, contact, and relationship information, donation or gift type);
Computer, mobile device, and/or web browser information (e.g., IP address, mobile device ID information, operating system, browser type, referring/exist web pages, web page requests, cookie information, hardware attributes, software attributes);
Third-party website, network, platform, server, and/or application information (e.g., Facebook, Instagram);
Usage activity concerning your interactions with the Site and/or third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications accessed through the Site (e.g., number of clicks on a page or feature, amount of time spent on a page or feature, identity of third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, and applications being access through the Site);
Transactional information, including but not limited to offers, orders, donations, pricing, payments, purchaser, seller, item information, shipping terms, comments, ratings, feedback and instant messages and/or other communications made within the Site;
Event registration information (e.g., attendee names, event information, scheduling);
Clothing sizes and preferences (e.g., merchandise order information);
Information provided by you in response to surveys, polls, and/or the like;
Information set forth in the Site’s online account registration, member profile, and/or member directory forms completed by you; and/or
Statements or content (e.g., comments, videos, photographs, images), and information about such statements or content, which you submit or publish on or through the Site, or which are accessed via your public or linked social media pages (e.g., Facebook, Instagram).
Categories of Other Information Collected from Your Mobile Device.
If you use your mobile device to visit, access, or use the subscription or members-only area of the Site, then additional categories of personal and non-personal information collected from you through the Site might include:
Your name associated with your mobile device;
Your telephone number associated with your mobile device;
Your geolocation;
Your mobile device ID information; and/or
Your mobile device ID information.
How Information Is Collected.
CAF might collect personal and non-personal information from you when you visit, access, or use the Site; when you register with or subscribe to the Site; when you register for or subscribe to the products and/or services of CAF online through the Site; when you “sign in,” “log in,” or the link to the Site; when you allow the Site to access, upload, download, import, or export content found on, or to otherwise interact with, your computer or mobile device (or any other device you may use to visit, access, or use the Site) or online accounts with third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications (e.g., your online social media accounts, your cloud drives and servers, or your mobile device service provider); or whenever CAF asks you for such information, such as, for example, when you process a payment through the Site, or when you answer an online survey or questionnaire.
In addition, if you or a third party sends CAF a comment, message or other communication (such as, by way of example only, e-mail, letter, fax, phone call, or voice message) about you, your activities on or through the Site, then CAF may collect any personal or non-personal information provided therein or therewith.
We may collect personal information from you when you call, email, or mail information to our offices or provide at events.
CAF may also collect personal and non-personal information about you through its Forms or direct mailing program.
Finally, CAF may use various tracking, data aggregation and/or data analysis technologies, including, for example, the following:
Cookies, which are small data files (e.g., text files) stored on the browser or device you use to view a website or message. They may help store user preferences and activity and may allow a website to recognize a particular browser or device. There are several types of cookies, including, for example, browser cookies, session cookies, and persistent cookies. Cookies may record information you access on one page of a website to simplify subsequent interaction with that website, or to help streamline your transactions on related pages of that website. Most major browsers are set up so that they will initially accept cookies, but you might be able to adjust your browser’s or device’s preferences to issue you an alert when a cookie is downloaded, or to block, reject, disable, delete, or manage the use of some or all cookies on your browser or device.
Flash cookies, which are cookies written using Adobe Flash, and which may be permanently stored on your device. Like regular cookies, Flash cookies may help store user preferences and activity, and may allow a website to recognize a particular browser or device. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings that are used for regular cookies.
Web beacons, which are pieces of code embedded in a website or email to monitor your activity on the website or your opening of the email, and which can pass along information such as the IP address of the computer or device you use to view the website or open the email, the URL page on which the web beacon is located, the type of browser that was used to access the website, and previously set cookie values. Web beacons are sometimes used to collect advertising data, such as counting page views, promotion views or advertising responses. Disabling your computer’s, device’s or browser’s cookies may prevent some web beacons from tracking or recording certain information about your activities. An example of a web beacon that CAF may use is Facebook Pixel (but see also information below about analytic tools and services).
Scripts, which are pieces of code embedded in a website to define how the website behaves in response to certain key or click requests sent by the user. Scripts are sometimes used to collect information about the user’s interactions with the website, such as the links the user clicks on. Scripts are often times temporarily downloaded to the user’s computer or device from the website server, active only while the user is connected to the Site, and deactivated or deleted when the user disconnects from the website.
Analytic tools and services, which are sometimes offered by third parties, and which track, measure and/or generate information about a website’s or program’s traffic, sales, audience and similar information, and which may be used for various reasons, such as, for example, statistical research, marketing research, and content ratings research, and conversion tracking. An example of the analytic tools and services that CAF may use are Google Analytics and/or Facebook Pixel (but see also information about web beacons).
Please be advised that if you choose to block, unsubscribe, reject, disable, delete, or change the management settings for any or all of the aforementioned technologies and/or other tracking, data aggregation and data analysis technologies, then certain areas of the Site might not function properly.
By visiting, accessing, or using the Site, you acknowledge and agree in each instance that you are giving CAF permission to monitor or otherwise track your activities on the Site, and that CAF may use the aforementioned technologies and/or other tracking, data aggregation, and data analysis technologies.
Use of Information Collected.
CAF may use the personal and/or non-personal information it collects from you through the Site and/or its direct mailing program in a variety of ways, such as, for example, to:
Fulfill your requests;
Process your payments;
Facilitate your movement through the Site;
Facilitate your use of the Site’s products and/or services
Facilitate your registration with the Site and/or the Site’s products and/or services;
Send you communications like, for example, administrative e-mails, answers to your questions, and updates about the Site;
Provide you with information about CAF and its businesses, products, and services by letter, e-mail, text, telephone, or other forms of communication;
Provide you with information about third-party businesses, products, and services by letter, e-mail, text, telephone, or other forms of communication;
Facilitate your requests to receive e-mails, publications, and other information materials from CAF and/or third parties;
Share with third-party organizations (e.g., nonprofits, satellite locations, companies doing business on behalf of the CAF or companies which you may be interested in), which may in turn use the information in furtherance of their own and/or others’ marketing and/or fundraising efforts;
Improve the Site and/or the Site’s content, features, and/or services;
Improve and/or further CAF’s products, services, marketing efforts, and/or fundraising efforts;
Create and/or further new CAF products, services, marketing efforts, and/or fundraising efforts;
Help personalize user experiences with the Site and/or the Site’s products and/or services;
Analyze traffic to and through the Site;
Analyze user behavior and activity on or through the Site;
Conduct research and measurement activities;
Monitor the activities of you and others on or through the Site;
Protect or enforce CAF’s rights and properties; and/or
Protect or enforce the rights and properties of others (which may include you).
CAF reserves the right to use your personal and non-personal information when:
Required by applicable law, court order, or other governmental authority (including, without limitation and by way of example only, in response to a subpoena or other legal process); or
CAF believes in good faith that such use is otherwise necessary or advisable (including, without limitation and by way of example only, to investigate, prevent, or take legal action against someone who may be causing injury to, interfering with, or threatening the rights, obligations, or properties of CAF, a user of the Site [which may include you], or anyone else who may be harmed by such activities, or to further CAF’s legitimate business interests).
CAF may also use your name and/or contact information in connection with its display or performance of photographs, images, and/or videos of you on or through the Site.
Sharing of Information Collected.
CAF reserves the right to share your personal information and/or non-personal information with its employees, agents, administrators, and legal advisors; and with those third parties who help manage, administer distribute, operate the Site, the Site’s services and features, and/or CAF’s online social media pages (e.g., web hosting companies, website administrators, mobile app distribution platforms, support services companies, e-mail service providers, credit card or other payment processing companies), as needed in order for them to perform such services. In addition, your name, user name, and/or contact information may be disclosed through the Site, CAF’s online social media pages, and/or in connection with CAF’s display or performance of photographs, images, and/or videos of you on or through the Site or CAF’s online social media pages.
CAF may also share your personal information and/or non-personal information with third parties who help CAF with its marketing, fundraising, and/or information collection efforts.
CAF does not limit the ways in which it may use or share non-personal information because non-personal information does not identify you. For example, CAF may freely share non-personal information with its affiliates, suppliers, and representatives, as well as with other individuals, businesses, and government entities.
You may choose to share certain information and/or follow other users on the Site. You may choose to share your contact information with other users or provide it publicly.
Data Retention.
CAF may retain your personal information and/or non-personal information for as long as it believes necessary or appropriate.
In connection with any transaction that you conduct through the Site, Forms, and/or CAF’s direct mailing program (e.g., the payment of any subscription or membership fees, the purchase or sale of any products, the payment of donations), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to the transaction, including, without limitation, your name, your credit card number and expiration date, your billing address, your shipping address, your phone number, and/or your e-mail address. By submitting such information, you grant CAF without charge the irrevocable,
unencumbered, universe-wide, and perpetual right to provide such information to third parties (e.g., payment processing companies, buyers on the Site, and sellers on the Site) for the purpose of facilitating the transaction.
All online credit card transactions occur through online payment processing application(s) found on the Site or third-party website(s) accessible through the Site which are provided by a third-party payment processing vendor(s) (the “Payment Processing Vendor”). CAF’s relationship with the Payment Processing Vendor, if any, is merely contractual in nature, is nothing more than a third-party vendor to CAF, and is in no way subject to CAF’s direction or control; thus, their relationship is not, and should not be construed as, one of fiduciaries, franchisors-franchisees, agents-principals, employers-employees, partners, joint ventures, or the like. For more information about the Payment Processing Vendor, please contact CAF in accordance with the procedures set forth in section below.
Third Party Applications and Networks.
The Site and/or any communications sent through or as a function of the Site may contain links to third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, and/or applications. To the fullest extent permitted by law, CAF is not responsible for, and you hereby release CAF from any and all liability which may arise from, such third party websites, networks, platforms, servers, and applications (including, without limitation, the privacy policies and practices of such third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, and applications).
You may have the opportunity to access the Site using your online user accounts with certain third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications, which may be subject to separate privacy policies pertaining to those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications. CAF may also collect information from those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications (such as, for example, your name, gender, date of birth, and personal interests, when you “like” or click links provided by or through those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications, and other information available through your online account or page with those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, or applications). It is your responsibility to carefully read, accept, and comply with the relevant terms of use and privacy policies associated with those third-party websites, networks, platforms, servers, and applications.
CAF implements security measures to help protect the personal information it collects through the Site, Forms and its direct mail program.
Regardless of the foregoing, please observe that “perfect” or “100%” security does not exist on the Internet. Therefore, your access and use of the Site, and your opening of any communications sent through or as a function of the Site, are done at your own risk.
To help maintain the security of your personal information, CAF asks that you please notify it immediately of any unauthorized visit, access, or use of the Site or the loss or unauthorized use of your online account access information for the Site (e.g., user name, or password).
Retention, Review, and Change of Information Collected.
You may request at any time that CAF provide you with an opportunity to review and change your personal information collected through the Site, or to no longer use your personal information to provide you with any products or services. Please submit any such request (“Request Concerning Personal Information”) to any one of the following:
By mail:
Commemorative Air Force, attn.: Development Office, PO Box 764769, Dallas, Texas 75376
with a subject line of “Your Personal Information.”
By phone:
(877) 767-7675
By e-mail:
development@cafhq.org
with a subject line of “Your Personal Information.”
For each Request Concerning Personal Information, please state “Your Personal Information” in the e-mail or letter subject line, and clearly state the following in the body:
a.
the nature of your request;
b.
that the request is related to “Your Personal Information;”
c.
your name, street address, city, state, ZIP code, and e-mail address; and
d.
whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or e-mail.
If you send a Request Concerning Personal Information by mail, then please do so by U.S. Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested to allow for confirmation of mailing, delivery, and tracking. CAF will not accept a Request Concerning Personal Information via telephone or facsimile. CAF is not responsible for any Request Concerning Personal Information that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled, or incorrectly sent.
You are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of your personal information, and for keeping your personal information current and correct.
Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a resident of the State of California and CAF has an established business relationship with you, then, pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, you have the right to request the following at any time: (a) information from CAF free of charge regarding the manner in which CAF shares certain personal information collected through the Site with third parties who use such information for direct marketing purposes; and (b) the discontinuation (or opt-out) of CAF’s sharing of such information with such third parties. Please submit any such request (“California Privacy Rights Request”) to any one of the following:
By mail:
Commemorative Air Force, attn.: Development Office, PO Box 764769, Dallas, Texas 75376
with a subject line of “Your California Privacy Rights.”
By phone:
(877) 767-7675
By e-mail:
development@cafhq.org
with a subject line of “Your California Privacy Rights.”
For each California Privacy Rights Request, please state “Your California Privacy Rights” in the e-mail or letter subject line, and clearly state the following in the body:
a.
the nature of your request;
b.
that the request is related to “Your California Privacy Rights;”
c.
your name, street address, city, state, ZIP code, and e-mail address; and
d.
whether you prefer to receive a response to your request by mail or e-mail.
If you send a California Privacy Rights Request by mail, then please do so by U.S. Certified Mail, Return Receipt Requested to allow for confirmation of mailing, delivery, and tracking. CAF will not accept a California Privacy Rights Request via telephone or fax; and is not responsible for a California Privacy Rights Request that is incomplete, incorrectly labeled, or incorrectly sent. You are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of your personal information, and for keeping your personal information current and correct.
Further, CAF does not respond to “do not track” (DNT) signals.
Finally, as further explained herein, CAF might authorize third parties to collect your personal information when you use the Site. To the fullest extent permitted by law, CAF is not responsible for, and you hereby release CAF from any and all liability which may arise from, such third parties’ unauthorized collection of your personal information.
Your EU Privacy Rights
If you live in the EU and have a complaint about how your information is being handled, you may contact the national data protection authority which is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK at 0303 123 1113.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The CAF may occasionally modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Changes will be posted on this or a similar page of the Site and shall be deemed effective as of their stated effective or modification date. The CAF encourages you to carefully review this Privacy Policy periodically.
By visiting the Site, and/or when providing your personal information to the CAF, you are automatically accepting and agreeing to the most-recent version of this Privacy Policy, as well as the most-recent version of the Site’s Terms of Use. Continuing to access the Site reaffirms your acceptance and agreement in each instance.
This privacy policy was updated February 6, 2020
Copyright Notice
The CAF is committed to respecting intellectual property rights. The CAF reserves the right to its intellectual property and protects, as much as possible, the intellectual property rights of others.
Please note that copyright of all content comprising or contained within this Web site remains with the CAF and other copyright owners as specified. You may freely access and download the contents on this Web site on a temporary basis for the sole purposes of viewing, interacting or listening to them.
However, the following acts are prohibited in respect of any of the content featured on this Web site:
public performance or display any rental leasing or lending of any material obtained or derived from the Web site any form of reproduction whatsoever, including without limitation, the extraction and/or storage in any retrieval system or inclusion in any other computer program or work any reproduction whatsoever of details, alterations and adaptations of works
Reproducing CAF Website Images & Content
Permission to reproduce or use any of the images or content on the CAF website must be obtained by the rights holder before use, whether it be the CAF or others. Permission to reproduce CAF website images and content may be granted for the purpose of private study and research, if no reproduction is available and copyright law permits.
Please contact:
Marketing Department
(877) 767-7175, ext. 300
media@cafhq.org
It is your responsibility to obtain permission from copyright holders or their agents before reproducing any content, or it will constitute an infringement of copyright.
About the CAF
Units/Locations
Collection
Join
Shop
Site Map
Contact
Careers
Privacy Policy
News
Events
Contacts
COMMEMORATIVE AIR FORCEDallas Executive AirportP.O. Box 764769Dallas, Texas 75376
DONATE
Commemorative Air Force is a 501(c)(3) donations are tax deductible. EIN 74-1484491 | Copyright © 2020. All rights reserved.
|
Privacy Policy
|
Members Login