http://www.sheryls-artdeco.co.uk/privacy-policy
Homepage
About
Stock
Art Nouveau and Arts and Crafts
Artwork, Works on Paper & Books
Bookends
Bronzes
Ceramics
Clocks
Furniture
Glass
Jewellery
Lamps and Lighting
Lindsey B
Mirrors
Miscellaneous
Novelty Cocktail Sticks etc
Other Art Deco Figures
Recent Acquisitions
Rugs
Sale Items
Sold Items
Spelter Figures
Vanity Items
Wall Masks and Plaques
Interest free
Blog
Contact
info@sheryls-artdeco.com
01883 620767
( 0 )
Search for:
Search
Search for:
Search
0
Homepage
About
Stock
Interest free
Blog
Contact
info@sheryls-artdeco.com
01883 620767
Privacy Policy
Policy key definitions:
“I”, “our”, “us”, or “we” refer to the business, Sheryls Art Deco Ltd.
“you”, “the user” refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Key principles of GDPR:
Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.
Who we are:
We are Sheryl’s Art Deco Ltd
and our website address is: https://sheryls-artdeco.com.
We are a private limited company, registered in England, company registration no. 7987791
Our registered office is 60 Westhall Road, Warlingham. CR6 9BH.
The policy: This privacy policy notice is served by Sheryl’s Art Deco Ltd, and the purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.
Processing of your personal data:
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it:
We may process data enabling us to get in touch with you “contact data“. The contact data may include your name, email address, telephone number and postal address. This data will only be available to us by you forwarding this to us in the form of enquires etc.
We do not share your information with third parties unless this information is required for the purposes of a purchase from this website or an attempt to purchase from this website or personally transacting with us for the purchase of goods, including the processing of payment information, provision of invoices or order confirmation and arrangement of shipping/delivery.
Cookies :
Cookies!! – all in the name of advertising. We don’t use cookies and hope they are banned ASAP. We don’t advertise anything apart from our own stock and certainly don’t want them here!Our website does not contain adverts, sponsored or affiliate links.
What rights you have over your data:
Your individual rights;
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Data security and protection:
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Email marketing messages & subscription:
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the “Processing of your personal data” above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences.
Our EMS provider is; Mailchimp. We hold the following information about you within our EMS system;
Email address
I.P address
Subscription time & date
Media:
No images are allowed to be downloaded from this website without the prior authorisation of Sheryl’s Art Deco Ltd.
We reserve the right to update or change this privacy policy from time to time as practices change or operational or regulatory practices require it.