http://www.climb-europe.com/rockclimbingshop/privacy-policy-climb-europe
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Menu
Home
Rock Climbing Areas
Europe
United States
Central and South America
Africa and the Middle East
Far East and Australia
World Destinations
Destination Articles
Accommodation for Rock Climbers
Rock Climbing Shop
New Products
European Rock Climbing Guidebooks
Worldwide Rock Climbing Guidebooks
Rock Climbing Products
Walking Areas
Corsica Walking
Croatia Walking
Greece Walking
Sardinia Walking
Slovenia Walking
Spain Walking
Turkey Walking
Mountain Biking in Italy
Destination Articles
Walking Shop
New Products
European Walking Maps
European Walking Guidebooks
UK Walking Maps
UK Walking Guidebooks
Worldwide Walking Maps
Worldwide Walking Guidebooks
Mountain Biking Guidebooks
Sales Items
Our Blog
Account
Settings
Language
English
German
Home
Privacy Policy - Climb Europe
MENU Rock climbing destinations in Europe
World rock climbing destinations
Walking and hiking destinations in Europe
Mountain biking destinations in Europe
Sale items and special offers
European rock climbing guidebooks
Worldwide rock climbing guidebooks
European walking maps
European walking guidebooks
Mountain biking guidebooks
Destination articles
Contact us
Climb Europe’s Privacy Policy1. IntroductionClimb Europe has created this privacy statement as a demonstration of our firm commitment to the privacy of visitors to our website, www.climb-europe.com.  The Climb Europe website is owned and operated by Climb Europe Limited.  We don’t collect huge amounts of personal data, and we only use what we do collect for the following specific purposes: To process and deliver your online order  We may use your details to contact you  2. Personal information to process and delivery your online orderWhen you place an order on our website, we collect your names, address, an email address and a telephone number.  This information will only ever be used in the context of fulfilling your orders with Climb Europe.We share your contact details with some third party service providers so that we can complete your order.   These are as follows:We use Stripe and PayPal to check and process your card details.  We do not hold any credit detail on computers or paper, either at our warehouse or on our web server. We share your address with our couriers such as the Royal Mail so they can deliver your order. Your order details are held by a third party company who host our website.  All third party companies detailed above comply strictly with our instructions and require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes.3. Using your details to contact youClimb Europe maintains an emailing list that is used to send out information on new products, special offers and general outdoor sports information. We collect the following information: Your email address, your name, and your order history. Climb Europe does not divulge your email address to any third parties.  The information is only used to send Climb Europe newsletters. Climb Europe does not send random or un-targeted and unsolicited emails to our customers. You, the customer, have the option to opt out of receiving email from us by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any emails we send out, or by contacting us directly.  4. CookiesNew visitors to our site will see a cookie information pop-up in the page footer. After you agree to us using cookies by clicking the accept button you will not see this pop-up again.You can block all or any cookies by adjusting you bowsers settings.5. Other informationEvery time you visit our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. This data can’t be used to identify you, but we do use it to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We do not use Google Analytics to collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
Copyright © 2008-present Climb Europe Limited. All rights reserved.