http://www.marinewaypoints.com/marprivacy.shtml
Privacy Statement
MarineWaypoints.com has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses the information gathering and
dissemination practices for this Web site.Information Automatically Logged
Our computer is not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information about its visitors.
It does recognize the home server of visitors, but not e-mail addresses.
For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web
site, and these IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information.
In addition, our web sites track information about the visits to our web sites.
For example, we compile statistics that show the daily
number of visitors to our sites, the daily requests we receive for particular files on our web sites, and what countries those requests come from.
These aggregated statistics are used internally to better provide services to the public and
may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
AdvertisersWe use an outside ad company to display ads on
our site. Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in
reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site.
Personal Information
The only information collected by this web site is from the form that
webmasters use to submit their web sites for inclusion in our directory. We do not share any personal
information with any third parties nor do we use any personal information for any
purposes.
Otherwise, this Web site does not request any personal information or collect any information that personally
identifies you or allows you to be personally contacted.
External Links
This web site contains links to other web sites.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to
another web site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may
differ from ours.
Public Forums
This site may make use of forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site,
please contact us.
Sailing Scuttlebutt
World on Water Video
Learning Center
home | about |
contact | advertising | privacy | link to us
Copyright © MarineWaypoints.com. All rights reserved.