http://www.wai.org/terms-of-use
Skip to main content
Get Involved
Toggle navigation
Login
Search This Site
Chapters Start a Chapter
Chapter Resources
Girls in Aviation Day
Chapter Listing
Membership
Education & Careers
Conference
AFW Magazine
News & Events
About WAI
Login
Join WAI
Shop WAI Store
Contact Us
Facebook
Twiiter
LinkedIn
Get Involved
Translate
Women in Aviation International Terms and Conditions of Use
Use of the Women in Aviation International ("WAI") website is based on your acceptance without modification of our terms and conditions. Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your assent to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site. WAI reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms (including the above Privacy Policy) mean you accept those changes. Restrictions on Use of MaterialsThis site is owned and operated by WAI. No material from this site or any web site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by WAI may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download and print one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only; provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of our copyright and other proprietary rights.In the event you download software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by WAI. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but WAI retains all rights, title, and ownership to the Software. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form.WAI and the third parties that provide content for the web site may make improvements and/or changes in the services, products, programs, and prices described in this web site at any time without notice. We encourage our visitors to bring to our attention any erroneous material on our web site. WAI reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the WAI web site is offered. CommunicationsYou shall not upload to, distribute through, or otherwise publish through this site any content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable that would constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or otherwise give rise to liability or violates any law. You shall not communicate through this site for any commercial purposes, or solicit, promote, advertise any goods or services. JurisdictionThis site is controlled and administrated by WAI from our offices in Ohio. We make no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, to the extent applicable. Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported into any country in violation of the laws and regulations of the U.S.These terms are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America and the State of Ohio. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Preble County, Ohio and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.Use of this site is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of the Women in Aviation, International Privacy/Disclaimer Statement and the Terms and Conditions of Use. DisclaimerThis website may have inaccuracies or typographical errors. This site is provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, WAI disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. WAI does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. WAI does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.WAI explicitly disclaims any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from our site from third parties not associated with us. WAI can not and will not be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in third-party sites, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against WAI with respect to such sites. Limitation of LiabilityUnder no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall WAI be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site or the materials in this site, even if WAI has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event will WAI's liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright InfringementPursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to MIA's designated agent listed below.To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following: A physical or electronic signature of person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.MiscellaneousIf any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between you and WAI relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing as a posted change made by WAI or in a document signed by both parties.WAI shall have the right to terminate access to this site immediately with our without notice to you if such termination is necessary for WAI, in its reasonable, good faith judgment, to avoid liability or to prevent a service interruption from the service providers that provide access or other telecommunication services to WAI.If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to notify us for any purpose, please contact us at:(new mailing address, effective November 1, 2020)Women in Aviation Internationalc/o CEO Allison McKay1864 Dayton Germantown Pike, Unit 4Germantown, OH 45327-1100Email: waihq@wai.org
Corporate Members
View All Corporate Members
Pratt & Whitney
Galvin Flying
Sun Country Airlines
MPS B.V.
WAI Pioneers
Visit the Pioneer Hall of Fame
Jacqueline L. Smith
1998
Mary Feik
1994
Margaret Ringenberg
2008
The first class of Women Naval Aviators
2017
Major General Betty Mullis
2006
Moya Olsen Lear
1992
DONATE TO WAI
Already a Member?
Login to your accountForgot Password?
Log in
November/December 2020
Look Inside
Read this month's issue
Take A Look
Become a Member
Starting At Just $45/year
Benefits of Membership Become a Member
WAI on Instagram
Benefits of a WAI MembershipWAI members seek to inspire and stand for encouragement, continued education, and a whole lot of fun! If you’re a lover of all things aviation and aerospace, and enjoy sharing your passion with others, we’d love to have you! Membership includes job search opportunities, scholarship opportunities, access to mentors in your industry, and much more.Become a Member
Already A Member?
Login to your accountForgot Password?
Log in
Get Involved with WAI
We’re stronger in numbers! WAI is strong because of the dedication and volunteerism of our members. Whether you share your passion for aviation locally through chapter activities, lend a hand at WAI events across the country, or sponsor scholarships and outreach efforts, you help inspire others to reach for their dreams.
Volunteer
Donate