http://www.usps.org/national/itcom/privacy.html
Public Home  |
Secretary Home  |
Squadrons  |
Districts
ITCOM
Home  |
Committee   |
Policies
|
Services
|
Support
|
Site Search
Links
National USPS Web Site
Squadron Web Sites
Squadron/ District Rosters
USPS Software
Internet Resources
Internet FAQS
USPS Website Privacy Statement
United States Power Squadrons ®
Sail and Power Boating
PO Box 30423
Raleigh NC 27622
www.USPS.org
USPS has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses our data gathering and dissemination practices the provisions of which shall be
used as a minimum for all USPS Web sites whether at the National, District or Squadron level,
regardless of where they are located on the Internet.
Upon Entering the Web site - Cookies: We compile information on the IP addresses that contact us so we
can improve the services provided by our Site, but we will not provide that information to others. We
may keep track of the pages you visited by placing a small entry in a text file called a "cookie" on
your hard drive. The cookie contains an identifying number that allows us to track the pages you’ve
visited on our Website. We may also use cookies to save your member access authorization (for a limited
time, on our internal web pages) so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site. We may
use member access authorization to maintain the privacy of our internal web pages. Information
voluntarily provided by you may help us tailor our Site to your needs and interests.
Cookies don’t reveal personal information. The only personal information a cookie can contain is
information you supply yourself. Cookies can’t read unrelated data off your hard drive. The help
function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting
a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to
take advantage of various features on our site such as membership only pages.
Links: Our Web sites may contain links to external Web sites that are not within our control. If you
decide to use any of these external links, you will be connected to a site not covered by our privacy
policies. We recommend that you read their privacy statements, since they may differ from ours. This
privacy statement applies only to information collected on USPS Web sites.
Order Forms: Our Site uses order forms to request information, products and services. We collect a
visitor’s contact information (like an E-mail address), unique identifiers (like a USPS certificate
number), and financial information (like an account or credit card number). Contact information from
the order form is used to send products to our customers. The contact information is also used to get
in touch with the customer when necessary.
We do not maintain a repository of this information after the initial information is sent. Financial
information that is collected is used to check the user’s qualifications and bill the user for products
and services. Unique identifiers (such as a USPS certificate number) are collected from Website
visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Online Surveys: Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their E-mail address).
The contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Requested Information: Whenever our site asks a visitor to provide information, we will provide the
visitor the opportunity to decline to have their information used for subsequent notices about our
products or publications or those of our associates.
Security: We exercise care and diligence in managing, transmitting and securing personal information
once we receive it. Your personal information is protected by safeguards that are appropriate to the
sensitivity of the information and are inline with currently available security technology. This may
include use of passwords and encryption. It is important for you to understand that data transmission
over the Internet is not 100% secure. Despite our best efforts, we cannot guarantee the absolute
security of any information you transmit to us, and you therefore do so at your own risk.
Your Agreement to Be Bound By This Policy: By visiting our Web site, you agree that your visit is
governed by the USPS Privacy and Data Policy, and that the Policy may be revised from time to time.
Contact the Web site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the
USPS National Web site, or your dealings with that Web site, you can contact the National Secretary:
By E-mail: ns@usps.org
By Postal mail:
National Secretary
United States Power Squadrons, Inc.
1504 Blue Ridge Road
Raleigh, NC 27607
By telephone: (888) FOR-USPS (367-8777)
By fax: (888) 304-0813
Privacy |
Trademarks |
Disclaimer |
Contact
| ©2006
United States Power Squadrons