http://www.hdbc.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement
Halifax Harbour Bridges adheres to the provincial government Privacy Policy as it relates to this and all corporate websites. To view this Privacy Policy, and read about other legislation, and fair information practices, please click the link below.
http://novascotia.ca/govt/privacy
HHB Privacy Statement
This website (the “Website”) is owned, operated, and provided by Halifax Harbour Bridges (HHB), in conjunction with its subcontractors (collectively, “HHB”).  HHB is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and visitors, in compliance with the Nova Scotia Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy (the “FOIPOP Act”) and other applicable legislation.
This Privacy Statement describes the main categories of Personal Information (defined below) we collect from you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we may share it with others.  This document is not intended to describe every situation in which HHB may collect Personal Information. The purpose and authority for the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information will be set out at the time we collection Personal Information from you.
You have choices about how you interact with HHB. By accessing, browsing, or using the Website, you acknowledge that you have read and accept this privacy statement and the Terms of Use. If you do not wish to provide the Personal Information required to use the Website, you should discontinue your use of HHB websites (hdbc.ca; mymacpass.com; macpass.com) and mymacpass.com online services and call or visit the MACPASS Customer Service Centre at 902.463.3100..
Share on Facebook
Share
Share on TwitterTweet
Halifax Harbour Bridges
Halifax Harbour Bridges is a self-supporting entity that operates and maintains two toll bridges across the Halifax Harbour, the Angus L. Macdonald Bridge and the A. Murray MacKay Bridge. Find Out More >
© 2020   Halifax Harbour Bridges privacy policy | terms of use
General Contact
P. O. Box 40 125 Wyse Road Dartmouth, NS B2Y 3Y2
p: (902) 463-2800 f: (902) 469-6281 e: bridges@hdbc.ns.ca
Follow Us
@thebiglift
@HHBridges
Tea Set