http://www.treasurerealm.com/privacypolicy.html
Navigation Panel
Home
World Coins
British Coins
Coin Issuing Countries
Coin Dictionary
Home Finance
Recipes
Dreams
Privacy Policy
At TreasureRealm, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy
document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by TreasureRealm
and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, TreasureRealm makes use of log files. The information inside the log
files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site,
determine user flow, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are
not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
With the exception
of forms (see below) we do not collect information like names, addresses, email addresses, or telephone
numbers.
Email Addresses
Certain forms on the site require the user to input an email address so that we may respond to the question
or offer posed.
We will not sell, rent, or otherwise make available email addresses to any party not
involved in the question or offer being made.
Email addresses submitted on these forms are used only
for sending a response and the address is not retained.
Cookies and Web Beacons
TreasureRealm does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific
information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser
type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners
are Google Adsense, Amazon, and eBay.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send the advertisements and links that appear on
TreasureRealm directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party
ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising
content that you see.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables
it to serve ads to users based on their visit to this site and to other sites on the Internet. Users may opt
out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
TreasureRealm has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party
advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed
information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.
TreasureRealm's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such
other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed
information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective
websites.