https://www.thekhukurihouse.com/khhi-policy
×
FRESHTATION >>
IMP Notice 27 11 2020 >> Its rush time due to the Christmas season so if you are ordering for Christmas then please inform us in advance ..
read more ..
EXCLUSIVE 1 YEAR GUARANTEE + LIFETIME WARRANTY
Refine your search
×
Advanced Search
All Categories
NEW RELEASES
Xclusives (MUST SEE)
Famous Gurkha Knives (Best Sellers)
Chirra-Wal (Fullers)
Raw_Black
Guard-Wal (EAGLE n V Guard handle)
Gurkhas_Standard-Issue_RECENT
Gurkhas_Standard-Issue_NEW
Gurkhas_Standard-Issue_OLD
KHHI_Knives
Classic_Historic
Military_NATIONAL
Military_DESERT
Modern_SMALL (3-8 inch bladed)
Modern_MED (9-11 inch bladed)
Modern_LARGE (12 inch n + bladed)
Traditional_SLENDER
Traditional_SPL/UNQ
Traditional_Panawal (Full Flat Tang Riveted Handle)
Traditional_Parowal (Rat Tail / Stick tang Handle)
KHHI_Bowies
MINIx
LARGE Kukris (14inch + bladed)
SILVER Kukris (Kothimora)/ Items
Carved_Dragon
Decorative (typical-engraved)
Kydex-Wal (Water-Proof)
KYDEX SHEATHx (Advanced version)
STANDS_Displayers
Accessories
OTHERS (Kukri souvenirs)
Archives - the old ones
DBAD creations (Badass Knives)
Search
Search
Sign in /Register
Track
Order
FAQ
My Cart (0)
Refine your search
Customer Care
Help (FAQ)
KHHI Policy
Report a Misdeed (Our Appeal)
Contact KHHI
Order Processing
Free Engraving / Logo Imprint
Bless your khukuri
KHHI Quality
Testimonials
KHHI Catalog
Kukri Maintenance
Khukuri of the Month
Shree 5 Chirra (General)
Blade Size (in):
14
Weight (gm):
1125
USD
148.75
174.99
Choose Options
GI1 (Gurkha Issue 1st)
Blade Size (in):
13
Weight (gm):
645
USD
99.00
Choose Options
Custom Kydex Sheath
Blade Size (in):
4-5 inch
Weight (gm):
50
USD
29.99
Choose Options
Churi (The Knife)
Blade Size (in):
5
Weight (gm):
275
USD
39.59
44.99
Choose Options
DBAD War Machine
Blade Size (in):
8
Weight (gm):
475
USD
114.99
Choose Options
KHHI Policy
Home
KHHI Policy
Our Policies
Privacy Policy:
KHHI respects the privacy of any individual henceforth we keep our customer database safe and unshared befound company's limited staff.
Price policy:
KHHI products’ prices are revised annually depending on the current market’s rates, assessment, circumstances and calculation. It is formally done every year in the end of April which is also the first month of a new year under Nepalese official calendar. KHHI wholesale prices are provided in a percentage basis (%) starting from 15-25% at the current (existing) retail prices depending upon the quantity demanded by a customer or wholesaler. KHHI has the authority to change/revise prices before the annual revision if and when absolutely necessary. In a case like this regular buyers under “Terms and Conditions” with KHHI will be pre-notified.
Refund policy:
KHHI staff work round the clock tirelessly to meet the demands and to satisfy each and every customers' need. All products are carefully checked time and again before actually forwarding. We are confident you’d not be disappointed with your buy. We would like to aware our visitors that more than 80% buyers are returning customers wanting to buy more with each purchase. This fact itself discloses the quality and the customer service we offer.
Under the following circumstances/situations KHHI implements refund polices.
As per the Warranty policy.
Incase a product other than actually ordered/sold has been sent by mistake.
When payment for the same order is accidentally received/deposited twice (Duplication Issue). However KHHI does not entertain refunding thus will try to negotiate with the customer to clear the matter.
If KHHI completely fails to deliver the product or delays well beyond the given delivery time frame.
Replacement policy:
Since all KHHI’s knives are entirely handmade and KHHI staff get very busy round the clock there is a rare chance that a very small number of knives may skip the inspection stage or may have been overlooked. In a case like this a customer can claim for a complete new one (replacement) under the following provisions:
As per the Warranty policy.
Khukuri must be completely damaged
Khukuri must get severe injury (unusable)
If the edge of the khukuri is intensely broken on arrival or gets intensely fractured when using
Customer must ship back the khukuri to KHHI at his own cost
KHHI will closely inspect the damage/s and replace at its own cost (including shipping) if required
Return Policy:
Since all KHHI's knives are entirely handmade and KHHI staff get very busy round the clock there is a rare chance that a very small number of knives may skip the inspection stage or may have been overlooked. After all we are also human. In such cases a customer can return the khukuri back to KHHI and claim for the refund of their total amount incurred under the following provisions:
As per the Warranty policy
Khukuri must be completely damaged or unusable
If the edge of the khukuri is intensely broken on arrival or gets intensely fractured while using
Incase a product other than actually ordered/sold has been sent by mistake
Customer must ship back the khukuri to KHHI at his own cost
Insurance policy:
All products are insured and a buyer is illegible for compensation under legal policies act put up by KHHI and our forwarding partners. If by any chances we completely fail to deliver a product within estimated given period of time, we will refund the amount; if an order is mistakenly sent to another address than the destination provided buy the buyer, we will resend the order. Incases like theft, robbery, accident or lost before reaching the buyer, we will resend the order. However incases like minor damage in the product or buyer’s negligence causing damage to the product, we will not be held responsible. Insurance policy does not cover such cases.
Payment failure policy:
Our online payment partners constantly monitor KHHI’s online payment section. They will aware us on the status of each payment and action taken accordingly to rectify the payment failure. If an order is made but was never paid or if a sale fails under suspicious fraudulent cases, we will alert you about it. In cases like these, all order will be put on hold until all payment is cleared. Please be aware that the main reason for fraudulent or cancellation of an order is the difference in IP address and physical address of the two countries of billing (Banking) and actually ordering.
Refunding is a lengthy administrative process at KHHI which takes about 3-5 days since KHHI investigates the cause that made the customer return the Khukuri back to KHHI and ask for refund. On approval, KHHI will refund the whole amount .
All above provisions will come into effect provided that the order is NOT older than 1 (one) year from the date of receipt by the buyer. Also "Please be notified that KHHI holds the right to accept or cancel the claim"
Security Policy
At KHHI nepal, complete security for customer transactions is our primary concern. We want you to have as much faith in the security of your transactions as you do in our products and services. We have a seasoned team of professionals overseeing our operations, and have never had any problems as far as securing the privacy of our customer information is concerned.
100% secured, easy and instant online payment thru www.thekhukurihouse.com
We are registered with www.paypal.com and Himalayan Bank, the leading providers of digital authentication services and products for electronic commerce and other forms of secure communications. With it you can be assured that you have a very secured online payment transactions
We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer), the industry standard method for computers to communicate securely without risk of manipulation or recipient impersonation. We utilize this encryption during the online checkout process, including the acceptance of your credit and debit card information
Online Transaction Options
"Currencies"
We offer you a choice of transaction options for your purchases to help you feel comfortable. You have the ability to pay online in various currencies through our site and use various major credit cards to complete the payment process.
Card (Credit/Debit Card: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, JCB, Diners)
We are able to process approval of your card's payment instantly, which expedites the transfer of funds and minimizes the delay in shipping your purchases. We obtain card authorization from the card-issuing bank and strictly employ other verification techniques/rules before completing any transaction.
Offline Payment Options
If you prefer not to use your credit card over the internet (Pay online) then KHHI also facilitates its customers by providing options payment methods. Please see below the various payment methods offered:
(KHHI would also like to aware you that it is absolutely safe to use these methods)
- Bank Wire (+ USD 60 and Bank Fee At Buyer's End)
KHHI will provide the banking details for remittance to the customer when finalizing the order. Please be aware that KHHI bank does not charge anything for receiving the fund on behalf of KHHI.
- Western Union (+ 3% on Total Cost)
Please pre inform KHHI if you want to use this option. KHHI will then give you the cost and related and necessary info to accomplish payment through this method. You need to send MTC number to KHHI after doing the wiring so that KHHI can track the fund and collect it.
- Bank Draft/Cheque (+ USD 10 and + 1.5% on Total Cost)
Please pre inform KHHI if you want to use this option. KHHI will then give you the cost and related and necessary info to accomplish payment through this method. The extra charge involved in this payment option entirely depends on the size or volume of the order for which KHHI will info the customer in advance or when finalizing the order.
If you have any questions or comments regarding above then do contact us at customercare@thekhukurihouse.com
Please feel free to read our  KHHI WARRANTY policy as well.
Share
International Depots US, UK, AUS, CAN, EU
Custom Kukri Design
BOOK now- PAY within a year
Watch the Making
The Khukuri House ( KHHI ) Nepal Patan Industrial Estate (Co # 101) Lagankhel, Lalitpur, Kathmandu Phone: +977-1-5551171 Cell/ Mobile : +977-9841929055
customercare@thekhukurihouse.com
All photos, texts and formats in this site are the property of Mr Saroj Lama Tamang/and or KHHI Nepal. Unauthorized use or electronic dissemination is prohibited by any applicable law and or Copyright Act 2022 of the Nepalese Govt. "Khukuri House Handicraft Industry" KHHI Nepal 1991 - 2020