http://www.realeats.com/privacy-policy
Try Now!
On The Menu
Meal Plans
Our Story
FAQs
Sign In
Sign In
Get Started
Get 25% OFF meal plans +FREE Shipping. Use code GETREAL25
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason and periodic information updates as it relates to our products and services.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at
support@realeats.com or mailing us at:
RealEats
120 North Genesee Street Geneva New York US 14456
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - PAYMENTS
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Stripe stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
RealEats ("we" or "us" or "our") may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website realeats.com, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the "Site") to help customize the Site and improve your experience.
USE OF COOKIES
A "cookie" is a string of information which assigns you a unique identifier that we store on your computer. Your browser then provides that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the Site. We use cookies on the Site to, among other things, keep track of services you have used, record registration information, record your user preferences, keep you logged into the Site, facilitate purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. Cookies help us understand how the Site is being used and improve your user experience.
TYPES OF COOKIES
The following types of cookies may be used when you visit the Site:
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies monitor how users reached the Site, and how they interact with and move around once on the Site. These cookies let us know what features on the Site are working the best and what features on the Site can be improved.
Our Cookies
Our cookies are "first-party cookies", and can be either permanent or temporary. These are necessary cookies, without which the Site won't work properly or be able to provide certain features and functionalities. Some of these may be manually disabled in your browser, but may affect the functionality of the Site.
Personalization Cookies
Personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the Site. We use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the Site.
Security Cookies
Security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. We use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
Site Management Cookies
Site management cookies are used to maintain your identity or session on the Site so that you are not logged off unexpectedly, and any information you enter is retained from page to page. These cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies may be place on your computer when you visit the Site by companies that run certain services we offer. These cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. These cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at
support@realeats.com or by mail at
RealEats
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]120 North Genesee Street Geneva New York US 14456
Common Questions
How many servings is one meal?
All our meals are designed to serve one average-sized adult. You can click on any meal to view the calorie counts and nutritional facts. RealEats meals are all less than 600 calories and work great for dinner or lunch. And with a variety of add-ons available for purchase, we can cover your breakfast and snacks, too!
Do you offer meals for specific dietary needs?
We include full nutritional panels for all of our meals so you can choose which menu items are best for you! Whether you’re gluten-free, paleo, low-calorie or full-on carnivore, you’ll always have options. Our meals are made with high-quality real ingredients, but we are not a diet plan. If you have health concerns, please consult a health professional before making your selections. Details for all meals can be found on the
On The Menu page.
How long do my meals stay fresh?
You can store in the refrigerator for up to 7 days.
Our meals never arrive frozen, always fresh and will have a best by date on the individual packages!
Do the meals require preparation?
We do the prepping for you and deliver healthy, delicious, fully cooked meals to your door. All you need is a pot and boiling water or a microwave! Your meals are cooked to perfection in our state-of-the-art licensed and food safe facility, located in Geneva, NY. Each meal is then quickly cooled, vacuum-sealed in pouches and shipped chilled on ice to you. All you have to do is re-heat in boiling water for the designated time on each pouch
Where do you deliver to?
We’re continually increasing our delivery zone. Currently, we deliver to: Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Vermont, Virginia & West Virginia. Shipping is free on all meal plans! The exact day that we can deliver your fresh prepared meals will depend on your ZIP code.
Is there a minimum subscription period for RealEats?
There is no minimum subscription period. You can skip, pause, or cancel your subscription at any time. You can even plan to skip multiple order weeks in advance. Please be sure to login to your account page to skip or cancel before Wednesday at midnight, or you will be charged for your next order. Questions, reach out to
support@realeats.com.
Customer Reviews
Ate my first meal tonight. I had the orecchiette pasta with broccoli rabe, prosciutto and farm eggs. So easy to make and this is something I would never be able to cook myself. It was delicious and a generous portion, so I will bring the rest of it to work for lunch tomorrow.
Siobhan O, Brooklyn, NY
I absolutely love it! The meals are always delicious, fresh, and made with minimal ingredients overall.
Cam P. - New York, NY
Flavorful Fish Curry and the spinach had great texture. Delicious! Convenient prepared meals for those on the go! Compliments to the Chef.
Lineata C. - Chicago, IL
My first RealEats meal was amazing - herbed shrimp and parsnip cakes!!! The instructions were fool proof and the food itself was delicious - seasoned perfectly and so fresh! Many thanks to the RealEats team and Chef Aliya for de-complicating my life while expanding my palate and feeding my soul!
Tene R. - Brooklyn, NY
Just wanted to give a heads up, love the service, it really helps me stay healthy.
Brian C. - Marlton, NJ
We've been enjoying your food for more than 3 weeks now and it has been a real game changer for us in terms of being able to have dinner as a family.
Tammo M, Tarrytown, NY
We are loving your food. The shrimp last week was unreal!
David D. Rye, NY
We loved every meal, though I think the turkey was my favorite! I already sent my sister, who has a 1 and 4 year old, the info because I think it's perfect for her after a long day!
Elizabeth D. Working Mom
I teach, and my wife has Alzheimer’s and can’t cook. This is the answer to my prayers.
Stanley M Geneva, NY
Living in NYC RealEats has been a 'God send' in terms of meals with my wife. Easy breezy, great tasting, filling, is actually cheaper then ordering out. We love it and guess what? It's healthy and we are actually losing weight also. Who knew?
Bill L., New York, NY
I'm a mother of 2 young boys (a 3 month old and a 3 year old!) and this meal option has really been great for my husband and I. I really love the quality and that it's healthy. Thank you - so far!
Tracy Y. Garden City South, NY
I've tried several different ready-made meal services in the last year, and so far RealEats has far surpassed the others in terms of balancing food quality, sustainability, price and nutrition. Plus I like that since I'm also in NY, it's not being shipped from across the country and you're supporting farms in my neck of the woods.
Jack M. Queensbury, NY
My husband and I love RealEats and we are so happy we came across it!
Daniel W. Natick, MA
I just got my meals today! First thing I tried was the salmon and white beans. Let me tell you, I cannot stand salmon because of the strong taste but this was the BEST salmon I've EVER had!! I'm so glad I found your site. I can't wait to try the rest of the meals!!
Jaquel S. East Moline, IL
We just got our first order. We loved almost everything. But the absolute best part was how quickly we were able to eat, get the babies ready for bed and be on our couch for an hour before the grind starts again. The food is fresh and so healthy. We were throwing away so much each week. So wasteful. I can't wait for week 2. This was a game changer for our family!
Lisa W, Ipswich, MA
I am loving RealEats in every way! I have researched so many meal services, when I saw one from Geneva, NY I was sold! I used to live in the area and I know the pride in farming and foodies from there. Thank you for the delicious nutrition!
Stefanie S., Coraopolis, PA
RealEats in the News
Chef-Cooked, Healthy Meals
Delivered to Your Door
Ready in Minutes
Get Started!
Already an awesome customer? Login HERE
Company
About Us
On The Menu
Boiling Point Blog
Support
FAQs
Contact Us
Terms
Privacy Policy