http://www.crestwoodcamp.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
In complying with the Personal Information Protection & Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA, Jan 1st 2004). Crestwood Valley Day Camp has developed a privacy policy to guard the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
This privacy policy applies to personal and health information about Crestwood Valley Campers and their families/guardians.
Crestwood continues to serve families professionally and is committed to protecting their clients’ privacy and the confidentially of their personal information.
COMPLIANCE & BASIC PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
1.      Accountability
Crestwood Valley Day Camp will control and centralize the collection and distribution of information.  When Crestwood Valley transfers personal information to a third party for processing, Crestwood Valley protects that information by way of a contract or by other means.  Crestwood has designated a Privacy Officer who is responsible for overall personal information protection as well as compliance with PIPEDA.
* For questions and/or concerns, please telephone our office at 416-444-9595.
2.      Identifying Purposes
Crestwood Valley Day Camp collects information about campers and their families to provide for the best and most appropriate care for the campers, to ensure their safety and welfare, to provide information about new and exciting programs, for business analysis, and to provide follow-up statements of accounts when requested by the parent/guardian.
The Camper Application requests names, addresses, telephone numbers for necessary contact and communication, for transportation, and in case of emergency.
Custody information is important for the campers’ safety and welfare.
Swim information assists us in arranging appropriate swim instruction.
Personal Description and Personal Remarks and Requests help us in meeting the personal needs of each camper.
Financial information is collected for Crestwood to be able to provide and replace any family statements for tax purposes as well for our financial reporting responsibilities.
Health Information and the Health Form requests personal health information about the campers, required by Public Health.
Special Needs, Allergy Information and Health Concerns are necessary for the counselor, camp nurse specialists, swim instructors and bus drivers to provide the best care.
The follow up Swim Form asks that all relevant information be updated accurately to enable the swim instructor to be better informed.
Photo Images of campers and their families may only be used for Crestwood Valley purposes. For example brochures, DVD’s, website, advertisements and parent/guardian requests.
In support of all of the above purposes Crestwood Valley may also collect personal information orally and electronically through the year.
Consent
Crestwood Valley obtains consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and personal health information about campers and their families (except where inappropriate). Where the law permits, collection use and disclosure does not require knowledge or consent.
The Form of Consent
In determining the form of consent Crestwood Valley considers the circumstances, the type of information and the reasonable expectations of the individual.
For example: Crestwood Valley seeks written consent from parents/guardians/physicians, when collecting sensitive personal information. Parents/guardians may withdraw their consent at any time, in writing to the Privacy Officer, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Crestwood Valley will carefully explain the implications of the withdrawal.
Limiting Collection
Crestwood Valley limits the collection of personal information only to that data which is necessary to assist in fulfilling the identified purposes.
Crestwood Valley may collect personal information by written, oral and electronic means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Crestwood Valley only uses and discloses the personal information in order to fulfill the identified purposes except when required by law. Only those individuals whose job functions or responsibilities require personal information have access.
Crestwood Valley does not sell, lease, or barter personal information.
Crestwood Valley retains personal information as long as needed to fulfill the identified purposes or as required by law, whichever is longer.
When the information is no longer required, Crestwood uses proper and reasonable methods of destroying information.
Accuracy
Crestwood Valley keeps personal information as accurate and up to date as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes.  The parents/guardians are obligated to read all statements/forms sent home, and to return all forms, to ensure that their information is accurate, complete and up to date. Parents/guardians should contact and advise our office to up date or correct personal or health information. Our telephone number is 416-444-9595.
Safeguards
Crestwood Valley protects personal information by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Openness
Crestwood Valley will share its privacy policy through mailings and through any other means that may be appropriate.
Any changes or additions to the privacy policy will be communicated through a mailing.
Individual Access
Upon written requests, Crestwood Valley will provide an individual with access to personal information about that individual, subject to certain legislative exceptions. If the individual is a minor, as all Crestwood’s campers are, then Crestwood Valley will provide personal information about campers to parents/guardians who make a written request.  Crestwood Valley will allow an individual (parent/guardian on behalf of a camper) to challenge the accuracy and completeness of information. Crestwood Valley will amend this information if appropriate.
Challenging Compliance
Crestwood Valley welcomes any questions and concerns about our privacy policy. Please call our office to speak with our Privacy Officer or our Director at 416-444-9595 or write to: Crestwood Valley Day Camp 411 Lawrence Ave. E M3C 1N9 ATTENTION: PRIVACY OFFICER.
Crestwood Valley will investigate all concerns and complaints
Copyright © 2004 Crestwood Valley Day Camp
NOTE:
This policy does not apply to employees
This is the privacy policy as referred to in the camp forms including: Camper Application, Family Information, Health Form, Swim Form and Transportation Form.
Crestwood Valley Day Camp is a member of the ONTARIO CAMPING ASSOCIATION, which sets industry standards to which camp members must adhere.
Scroll to top