https://www.jamborette.org.uk/privacy-policy/
jamborette.org.uk
Scottish International Patrol Jamborette
(also known as Blair Atholl Jamborette & Blair Everywhere)
The Blair Atholl Jamborette collects personal data in order to support the attendance of Scouts and Staff at the Jamborette and to facilitate communication regarding Blair Everywhere.
We hold data on all our staff members and participants who have applied to attend the camp to allow us to provide them with the best service we can, meeting their needs, communicating with them and their families, providing appropriate food taking into account allergy information and providing medical facilities on camp.
We take the issue of privacy very seriously and are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in compliance with data protection law. This includes when you use our online service. We will:
handle all the data we hold in a fair and transparent way,explain how we will use the personal data we have been supplied withonly use the data for the purposes it has been supplied.ensure the data we hold will be adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for us to provide the full services of the Jamborette to all staff and participantstake reasonable steps to ensure the data we hold is accuratenot keep any personal data for longer than is necessarykeep all information safe and secure.
1. The information we collect
Scout Applicant Data
When a participant registers to attend the Jamborette, we ask the Regional Coordinator or Contingent Leader for the young people’s name, date of birth, address, home contact information and both the young person and parents email addresses. We also ask for the home phone number and the parents’ mobile number. In addition, we ask whether the young person is providing Home Hospitality.  All this information is required to support the young person’s attendance at the Jamborette and for the period of home hospitality following the main camp.
Once this information is submitted we then email the Parent / Carer via the details supplied and ask them to submitadditional parental / carer contact information including home contact information for the duration of the camp,any medical conditions and medications taken,any allergy / intolerance information and medications taken,contact information for the young person’s doctor,permission to take and use photographs,permission to give general consent to authorise any necessary medical treatment and authorise the Jamborette Senior Staff / Core Team to sign any document required by the hospital authorities and share information as necessary.
Staff Applicant Data
When an adult registers to attend the Jamborette as a staff member, we ask for their name, date of birth, address, home contact information, email address, telephone number and mobile number. In addition, we ask for information to aid us in allocating staff members to the various roles at the Jamborette.  In addition, we ask whether the staff member is providing Home Hospitality.  All this information is required to support the staff member’s attendance at the Jamborette and for the period of home hospitality following the main camp.
We also collect the details below:
additional home contact information for the duration of the camp,any medical conditions and medications takenany allergy / intolerance information and medications takencontact information for the applicant’s doctorpermission to take and use photographspermission to give general consent to authorise any necessary medical treatment and authorise the Jamborette Senior Staff / Core Team to sign any document required by the hospital authorities and share information as necessary.
Virtual Applicant Data
When an adult registers for Blair Everywhere, they do so on behalf of a group, young person or themselves.  We collect their name, location and email address in order to support communication and allow measurement of engagement with the virtual camp.
Security & Safeguarding
We have security measures in place to protect our Jamborette database.  Access to the membership database is restricted, with access to medical information restricted to the camp medical team, and allergy information only shared with the camp Quartermaster and Catering (QM) team.
Due to our safeguarding responsibilities, we are legally required to retain certain records relating to all our members indefinitely. We need to make members aware of this when they register with us as should they request at a later stage that we remove all their data, we will not be able to comply with this request.
2. Sharing information
All information submitted will be held electronically and used by District, Region and Scottish Scout HQ for the purposes of supporting attendance at the Jamborette.  As previously noted, some information will be fully restricted and used only the medical and QM teams as outlined above. We will not share your data with third parties without your permission.
3. Data Minimisation
We will hold the minimum amount of information required to allow us to support participation in the Jamborette (including the virtual camp Blair Everywhere) and the Home Hospitality period afterwards.
4. Accuracy
Holding inaccurate personal data can have serious consequences for individuals. For example, the Jamborette may not be able to contact the parent/carer of a young person in an emergency situation because their phone number is incorrect. Therefore, we will work with all applicants to take reasonable steps to ensure that the information we hold is accurate. This will include the online storing and updating of applicant’s records.
5. Storage Limitation
All personal data submitted will not be kept any longer than is necessary. The Personal data is being collected for a specific purpose and all data will be deleted or securely destroyed after that purpose has been fulfilled.
The retention period for Scout data will be 6 months after the Jamborette finishes unless the data, or a subset of it, is required to be held for safeguarding purposes (as outlined in section 1).
The retention period for Staff data will be a maximum of 2 years after the Jamborette finishes (unless the data, or a subset of it,  is required to be held for safeguarding purposes, as outlined in section 1). This allows staff to revalidate their information for the next event without the requirement to re-enter all the information.
Personal details will be retained for the purpose of recording first aid and medical treatment provided during the camp:
First aid provided in subcamps will be recorded in a paper log and retained for 3 years or until 3 years after the individuals 18th birthday whichever is the latter date.Details of care provided by the camp medical team will be recorded on both paper and encrypted electronic records during the camp.  After camp all paper documentation will be scanned and all electronic documents will be retained for 6 years in line with NHS (Scotland) records Management Plan for adults. (Children will have theirs retained until age 25). Any paper records of treatment will be destroyed at the end of the camp, no later than 31st August 2018.Incidents that requiring significant on site medical care or referral to hospital will have personal information shared with healthcare providers and UKHQ as per Policy, Organisation and Rules of the Scout Association.Information pertinent to the individuals long term health record will be provided in written format to individuals to share with general practitioners / personal doctor as they see fit.
The Jamborette Core Team have processes in place to periodically delete or destroy all unnecessary records. Medical records will be destroyed by the Camp Doctor and their team.
The retention period for Blair Everywhere data will be 6 months after the event finishes unless the data, or a subset of it, is required to be held for safeguarding purposes (as outlined in section 1).
6. Integrity and Confidentiality
All personal data will be kept safe and secure with appropriate network security and process in place to avoid data breaches. All data is held in accordance with the principle that “personal data belongs to individuals and it is the responsibility of everyone to be the careful protectors of it.”
7. Legal Jurisdiction
All personal data and details are held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
8.   Further Scouting related information
We will, as part of our normal operation, communicate information to applicants which is relevant to their participation in the Jamborette.
9.   Disclosure of data by law or order of a Court
We may be required to communicate the personal data we hold on a member to a third party if required by law, e.g. regulation or statute or by order of a court.
10.   Data Protection legislation
Scouts Scotland adheres to the key principles set out in current data protection legislation.
You can obtain more information about data protection legislation from the Information Commissioner’s Office or if you wish to make a complaint about how we handle your data you can contact them here.
11. Data Breach
The duty of care for the security of personal data lies with everybody involved in gathering, handling or receiving this data. Scouts Scotland has the overall responsibility for making sure that the Jamborette aligns with legal requirements, including data protection legislation.
Should a data breach occur, the data controller is obligated to report the breach according to the breach reporting process defined by Scouts Scotland.
12. Contacting us
If you want to contact us to raise any questions about this privacy statement or any general matters relating to Scouts Scotland, you can contact us:
gdpr@scouts.scotScouts Scotland, Fordell Firs, Hillend, Dunfermline, KY11 7HQ
If your query relates specifically to data protection you can contact the GDPR Champion at: gdpr@scouts.scot or the Jamborette at blair.everywhere@jamborette.org.uk
Original Policy – May 2018
Revision Date – July 2020
Version Number – 1.2
Review Date – May 2021