https://www.lavasurfer.com/privacypolicy.html
Welcome
to
Topher's
Castle
-
A
Great
Site
for
Everyone!
Our
Code
of
Ethics
And
Privacy
Policy
We do not have any adult-only images, links or language; or inappropriate references to sex, drugs, drinking, smoking, gambling, sweepstakes, religion, weapons, or hate speech.
We also don't have any chat rooms.
We work hard to maintain our status as a great "family-friendly" and "kid-safe" site.
We know that our visitors are comprised of all age groups and we are respectful of everyone.
We are also very proud to be included in a large number of family-friendly and kid-appropriate search engines, directories, libraries, and link pages. Our site has been rated "Family-Approved" by The Dove Foundation.
We are ICRA Rated Appropriate for Children, SafeSurf Rated Appropriate for Older Children, rated Safe for Kids, and included in Family Safe Sites.
We are PeachPod Certified and Net Nanny Approved.
Our website is secured by HTTPS. Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is the secure version of HTTP, the protocol over which data is sent between your browser and the website that you are connected to. The 'S' at the end of HTTPS stands for 'Secure'. It means all communications between your browser and our website are encrypted. We've attempted to protect all of the information you send us via an SSL secure server with 128-bit encryption provided by our web host. SSL encrypts information while it is transmitted, thus helping to prevent unauthorized users from accessing phone numbers, addresses, or other confidential information you may provide.
If you find any unsecured pages on our site, please clear your cache and reload the page.
If that doesn't work, please alert me and be sure to let me know the page that isn't loading properly. Note: We are not responsible for checking the security of any outside websites.
We only link to sites with family-friendly content.
If you notice any violation of our policy, either in our content or on any site we directly link to, please notify us so that we may investigate and take appropriate action.
Thank you.
One way that we helped to encourage a family-friendly internet community is through our three prestigious web site awards. The Pau Hana Award and the Aloha Award were only presented to the best sites which must first meet a strict set of "Family Site" guidelines.
Sites with any adult images, links or language, or ANY references to sex, drugs, drinking, smoking, gambling, sweepstakes, religion, weapons, hate speech or non-cartoon violence are automatically rejected from award consideration.
(These awards were suspended in 1999 after a 2-year run).
We also make four awards based on Winnie-the-Pooh characters available to self-qualifying sites.
We sometimes ask for your name and e-mail address when you complete optional forms or surveys on our site.
This information is only used when posting your comments to one of our pages, replying to your e-mail, or to allow you to subscribe to The Boxtop
(our seasonal cereal newsletter).
We do not make any personal visitor information or email addressees available to any companies or private individuals.
All information you choose to provide Topher's Castle through the use of our web site will remain the property of Topher's Castle. Occasionally we receive some really neat e-mail which we like to share with other visitors. No information or comments are posted on our Great E-Mail We've Received page without your knowledge and permission.
Topher's Castle does not purposely track visitors to our site. However...
A. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads (as noted above) on this site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
It is our understanding that Google may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
B. Our web host Yahoo/Aabaco/Verizon may use cookies.
We have no control over any cookies they may employ.
C. Obviously you may be tracked by any site you link to prior, during, and after your visit to Topher's Castle.
We have no control over their cookie policies. Consider using a cookie blocker.
We do not discourage their use on our site.
Advertising
And
Travel
Insurance
We participate to a limited extent in "Ads by Google", allow some private advertising, and paid placements of links to specific words in our text, as a way to help offset our costs of bringing you this educational site. There are no pop-up or pop-under ads.
"Ads by Google" are clearly marked and are fairly consistent in size and shape throughout our site.
We trust these will be non-intrusive to your site experience, while hoping that you'll see a targeted product or service you actually find worthwhile checking out.
"Ads by Google" are only suppose to deliver family-friendly advertising related to the content on the page you are viewing. We only allow "G" and "PG" rated advertising on our site.
We do not directly endorse any of the "Ads by Google" sponsors, or other advertisers.
While we have no control over their site content, we do have control over which advertisers we can exclude.
We will not tolerate any false or inappropriate advertising.
We encourage visitors to report any violations. View our Advertising Policy and Terms for Advertisers.
Depending upon the page you are visiting, we may provide links to travel insurance companies which you may click if interested.
Topher's Castle is not a licensed travel insurance agent and we do not provide quotes, evaluate the adequacy of your exiting coverage, or answer technical questions about the benefits, exclusions or conditions of any of the insurance offered. The plans provide insurance coverage that only applies during the covered trip.
You may have coverage from other sources that provides you with similar benefits but may be subject to different restrictions depending upon your other coverages.
You may wish to compare the terms of this policy with your existing life, health, home and automobile insurance policies.
If you have any questions about your current coverage, call your insurer, insurance agent or broker.
Purchasing travel insurance is not required in order to purchase any other products or services you may find on our site.
Copyright
And
Trademark
Notices
Topher's Castle Copyright NoticeAll text, handmade graphics and other material on this site are the property of Topher's Castle and are protected by the copyright laws of the United States. This material may not be copied, modified or reposted to other sites. All of the other character images, logos, and icons are trademarks of their respective parent companies and cannot be used for commercial purposes.
Topher's Castle Trademark Notice"Topher's Castle", "Topher's Castle - A Great Site for Everyone", "Christopher Robin's Winnie-the-Pooh Character Guide", "Winnie-the-Pooh Character Guide", "Pooh Character Guide", "Topher's Breakfast Cereal Character Guide", "Breakfast Cereal Character Guide", "Cereal Character Guide", "The Boxtop", "Crunchy Nuggets for the Cerealist", "LavaSurfer", "LavaSurfer.com",
"lavasurfer.com", the distinctive Hawaiian LavaSurfer petroglyph logo (with and without the dark red encircling oval), the "Incredibly Useful Information" lightbulb icon with the red "i" inside, and "Poohsonality Test"are all trademark properties of Topher.
Awards
And
Honors
Topher's Castle Trophy CaseTopher's Castle has received numerous awards in recognition of it's great web pages full of family-friendly resources.
Check out our honors earned in 1997,
1998 - 1999,
2000 - Present,
Media recognition 1997 - 2013,
Media recognition 2013 - Present.
Disclaimers
And
Y2K
Compliance
Visitors who view or click any advertisements agree to hold Topher's Castle, its webmaster and its employees, their families, friends and heirs, totally harmless for all actions regarding advertisements on this site.
The simple act of viewing or clicking an advertisement constitutes agreement with this policy.
If you do not agree with this policy, please close your browser window.
All of the information within our site is from sources we believe to be reliable, but we cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness.
Our policies may be revised periodically. When we make significant changes that affect our site policies we will update this page.
You should check this page each time you visit Topher's Castle - A Great Site for
Everyone!
Y2K Compliance Statement: The team and personal technology behind Topher's Castle - A Great Site for
Everyone! was 100% ready and in compliance with Y2K!
Please e-mail me if you have any questions concerning our family-friendly policies
at Topher's Castle. I would also appreciate any comments you may have.
© 1998 Topher
Updated 2019
Return Me To Last Page I Was Visiting
[ Pooh Guide | Cereal Guide | Home Page / Site Index | Great Info | Useful Info
]