https://www.boatingworld.com/terms-of-use/
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.By using this site, you are agreeing to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time, so please check back periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site after changes to these terms (including the Privacy Policy) will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us and we want to make sure it is protected. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy.
USE OF MATERIALS; RESTRICTIONS
This website and all materials on the website, including, but not limited to, images, illustrations, articles, postings (the “Materials”) are the property of Duncan McIntosh Company Inc. (“McIntosh”) and its affiliates and licensors and are protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by copyrights that are owned or licensed by McIntosh and by copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, perform, create derivative works from, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way whatsoever any Materials from www.goboating.com, our forums, or any other site owned or operated by McIntosh without the prior written permission of McIntosh. However, you may download or make one copy of the Materials and other downloadable items displayed on the website, provided that the same are not used for any commercial purpose, distributed to third parties or offered for sale to third parties, and further provided that all copyright and other notices contained in the Materials are left intact. Any modification of the Materials, or any portion thereof, or use of the Materials for any other purpose constitutes an infringement of McIntosh’s copyrights and other proprietary rights. Use of these Materials on any other website or other networked computer environment is prohibited without prior written permission from McIntosh.
Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use this website or any information displayed on this website, through the use of framing or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these Terms of Use; or (b) with the prior written permission of McIntosh or such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of information displayed on this website.
TRADEMARKS
Go Boating America; Go Boating Magazine; Sea Magazine; goboatingamerica.com; goboating,com; thelog.com; and fishrapnews.com are all trademarks and/or trade names owned or licensed by McIntosh and are protected by law. Other trademarks and/or trade names not specifically listed here, but which are associated with McIntosh, are protected by law as well. All trademarks, copyrights, logos, and symbols constitute the intellectual property of McIntosh or its affiliated companies and are protected by federal and state law and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. Any unauthorized use of these trademarks and trade names is strictly prohibited. McIntosh will take all necessary legal action available to it at law or in equity in order to enforce its intellectual property rights.
THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
McIntosh is not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or from this website, nor do we make any representations or warranties of any kind regarding any products or services offered by any third parties whose icons, products, services or hyperlinks appear on the website. These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Any other site accessed from this website is independent from McIntosh, and McIntosh has no control over the content of that other site. In addition, a link to any other site should not be construed an approval or endorsement by McIntosh of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.
Your correspondence or business dealings with third parties found on or through this website, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third parties. We will not be involved in resolving any disputes relating to or arising out of any correspondence or business transaction between you and any such third parties.
FORUMS
As a service to users of this website, McIntosh features Forums or online bulletin boards where users can chat, ask questions, post information and communicate with other users and McIntosh’s experts on a variety of topics. The messages expressed in the Forums are the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of McIntosh or any entity associated with the Forums. Your ability to register and therefore participate in the Forums is subject to your express agreement to abide by certain rules, policies and disclaimers established by McIntosh specifically pertaining to its Forums as set forth in the Forum Use Policy.
McIntosh does not assume responsibility or liability for the materials found in any Forum, nor for any claims, damages or losses resulting from any use of any of the Forums or the materials founds therein. McIntosh reserves the right to terminate your access to any of the Forums for any reason and without notice.
CLASSFIED AD FEATURE
McIntosh is pleased to offer its “Classifieds” feature, which is an advertising service made available to buyers and sellers of new and used boats. Sellers pay McIntosh to list their boats for sale in the “Classifieds” available on the website. Buyers search listings, without charge, for new or used boats that they are interested in purchasing. The price and other terms of any sale remain subject to direct negotiation between the buyer and the seller. McIntosh is not involved in the sale or purchase of the new or used boats other than to provide the listings.
If you are interested in selling or purchasing a boat through our “Classifieds” service, please review our Classifieds Policy very carefully.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This website and all elements thereof are provided on an “as is” basis without warranty of any kind, express or implied. McIntosh disclaims all warranties, express and implied, including without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. If you rely on this website or any information, product or service available through this website, you do so at your own risk. McIntosh does not warrant that the site will operate or perform in a manner that is uninterrupted or error-free, or that the site or host server will be maintained free of viruses or other harmful code. McIntosh makes no warranties that the information, products and services presented on the site is current, up-to-date, or accurate. Some states and jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. The foregoing shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
Under no circumstances and regardless of legal theory, whether in tort, contract or otherwise, will McIntosh be liable to you or any other party for any indirect, special, incidental, reliance, or consequential damages, however caused, and regardless of character, including without limitation, any damages relating to your use of this website, any product or service linked to from or advertised or promoted on this website, lost data, computer failure or malfunctioning, or otherwise. Some states and jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. The foregoing shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. You agree to this allocation of risk in relation to your use of the site.
WORLD-WIDE APPLICABILITIES AND LAWS
This website is presented by McIntosh from within the United States, and McIntosh makes no representation that materials in the website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States. In addition, you are responsible for complying with any and all local laws in your jurisdiction that may impact your right to use the website.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Our mailing address is 17782 Cowan, Suite C, Irvine, California 92614. We can be reached via e-mail at Webmaster@goboating.com, or you can reach us by telephone at (949) 660-6150.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok