https://www.fordxr6turbo.com/forum/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognised by our web servers.Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Third Parties
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Forum Links
Forum Home
Rules
General Vehicle Forums
Vehicle Technical Forums
General Forums
Features
Photo Gallery
Blogs
Calendar
Time Slips
The Market
Classifieds
Merchandise
Group Buys
Small Business Directory
Donating Members
Make a Donation
Donating Members Forum
Donating Member Benefits
Cruises and Events
ACT
New South Wales
Northern Territory
Queensland
South Australia
Tasmania
Victoria
Western Australia
New Zealand
Advertisers
Become an Advertiser
Contact and Support
Ticket System
Support Forum
Contact Us