http://www.pwdfoundation.org/terms-of-service/
Skip to contentBy accessing this Site (www.pwdfoundation.org), you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. The materials contained on this Site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark laws.The Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. makes no representations with respect to the information, services, products or messages on this Site and specifically disclaims any other warranties, including but not limited to implied or express warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular usage, application or purpose. The Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. makes no warranties of any kind regarding the operation of this Site, including but not limited to any warranty of accuracy, completeness, currency, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or any warranty that these pages, or the server that makes them available, are free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, other harmful elements or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties and such warranties are expressly disclaimed. Further, Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. does not warranty or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on the Site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this Site.LinksThe Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. makes no representation, warranty or endorsement, express or implied, as to any of the information, services, products or messages on any other Sites that may be accessed through a hyperlink on this Site. In particular, these links are provided for convenience of reference only and are not intended as an endorsement by Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc of the organization or individual operating the Site or a warranty or endorsement of any type regarding the Site or the information, services, products or messages posted on or available from such Site.Copyright and TrademarkUnless otherwise indicated, all information contained on this Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips, is copyrighted by and proprietary to Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc.The name and mark, Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. and its attendant logos and taglines, are trademarks of Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. and may not be used or reproduced without its prior written consent.Tribute DonationsPortuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. reserves the right to edit your photo for technical reasons, e.g. to crop it or resize, in order to meet Site specifications.Tributes, both General and Dedicated are placed on the page in no particular order. For dedicated tributes, the Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. reserves the right to design the page to meet Site specifications. If after viewing your Dedicated Tribute page, you have concerns or wish to have it removed, please contact us.If your submitted photograph contains other subjects beside your memorialized Portuguese Water Dog, the other subjects will be cropped from the picture before it is published.The Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. reserves the right to edit or refuse supplied written content. Written content may not refer to future stud services, future breeding plans, or puppies due.No contact information will be included in the Tributes.Your dog’s Tribute will remain online for the life of the Portuguese Water Dog Foundation’s current Site.LiabilityYou agree that you will hold harmless Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. and its officers, directors, agents, employees, and volunteers from all claims arising out of or related to your access or use of, or your inability to access or use, this Site or the information, services, products or messages contained in this Site or other Sites to which it is linked, including but not limited to claims that you have found something you have heard, viewed or downloaded from this Site or another site to which it is linked to be obscene, offensive, defamatory, or infringing upon your intellectual property rights. In no event will Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. or the contributors of information to this Site be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. YOU HEREBY RELEASE AND FOREVER WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE PORTUGUESE WATER DOG FOUNDATION, INC., ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, AND VOLUNTEERS FOR LOSSES OR DAMAGES YOU SUSTAIN IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.Governing LawThis Site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by the Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc, which is headquartered in the State of Pennsylvania, United States of America. It can be accessed from all 50 states, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ from those of Pennsylvania, by accessing this Site both you and Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc agree that the statutes and laws of the State of Pennsylvania, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof, will apply to all matters arising from or relating to use of this Web site. You and Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc also agree and hereby submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of Chester County, Pennsylvania and the United States District Court for Chester County with respect to such matters. The Portuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc makes no representation that materials on the Web site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Leave this field empty if you're human: About UsPortuguese Water Dog Foundation, Inc. P.O. Box 203 Parker Ford, PA 19457-0203 (610) 707-2589PRIVACY NOTICE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTACT US Privacy Notice ©
Copyright 1998-2020 | Portuguese Water Dog Club of America, Inc. | A 501(C)(3) not-for-profit organization. | All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that you get the best experience. By clicking 'Accept' on this banner, or using our site, you indicate that you have read our Privacy Notice.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All Save Changes