http://www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk/index.php/privacy
Home
Join The Adventure
Register
Member sign-in
Privacy Statement
Privacy statement
www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk and The Scout Association take the issue of privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting and respecting our users’ privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our terms and conditions. If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, you should contact us.
1. The information we collect
The only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
2. Registration information
When you register with www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk, we ask for your name, email address and membership number. We usually also capture your IP address at the time you register.
3. Sharing of data
We do not share data supplied by you (or collected about you) with anyone other than Uxbridge District Scouts.
4. Advertising
www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk do not provide to third parties any of your details.
5. Legal jurisdiction
All personal information and details held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
6. Further information
www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk will as part of it’s normal operation send out to information emails. Members are automatically opted in when they join and can decide to ask for these emails to stop by unsubscribing.
7. Disclosure of data by order of a Court and Security
We reserve the right to communicate a Member’s personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.
We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each Member’s responsibility:
to keep their password secret
to protect against unauthorised access to your personal details
to log off from the www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk service when not using it; and
to ensure against use by anyone else of the www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk Service through the machine that Member uses while they are “logged on” to the www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk service
to search and obtain only the data specifically required and allowed for relating to their role.
8. Use of cookies by The Scout Association
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
9. The Data Protection act
You can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner’s website at www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
10. Contacting www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk
If you want to contact us to raise any questions about this privacy statement, or any general matters relating to www.uxbridgescouts.org.uk, you can contact us using this email address: webmaster@uxbridgescouts.org.uk.
Please use this address if you wish to request from us a copy of the personal data we hold about you. Please note that under English law we are entitled to charge you a fee for providing this service.
11. Google Analytics
Visitors to this website who have javascript enabled are tracked using Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects the following types of information from users:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number.
Type of operating system
Screen colors (color processing ability of the users screen)
Javascript support
Flash version
Screen resolution
Network location and IP address
Can include country, city, state, region, county, or any other geographic data.
Hostname
Bandwidth (internet connection speed)
Time of visit
Pages visited
Time spent on each page of the website
Referring site statistics
The website (URI) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from Yahoo.com that took the user to this website)
Search engine query used (example: typing in a phrase into a search engine like Google, and clicking on a link from that search engine)
This data is only used to optimize our website for our visitors.
This data DOES NOT include any personalized identification information such as:
Names
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Mailing addresses
Bank account numbers
Credit card information
Uxbridge District Online Welcome to the website of the Uxbridge Scout District, in Greater London Middlesex West.
There are twelve growing Scout Groups in our district ranging across the Uxbridge area.
Please contact us if you would like to join in the everyday adventure that is Scouting!
Quick Links
About Us
Our Groups
DC’s Page
One Stop Shop
Links
Events
Contact Us
Member sign-in
Home
Privacy
© Uxbridge District Scouts, all rights reserved