https://www.cadburyworld.co.uk/terms-of-use
skip to main content
HOME
PRODUCTS
THE STORY
RECIPES
CONTACT
EXPLORE THE ATTRACTION
WHAT'S ON?
Character Dining
Upcoming Events
Character Birthday Treats
Chocolatier Experience
Afternoon Tea
PLAN YOUR VISIT
Opening Times
Reopening
Prices
Offers
Directions
Accessibility
Bournville
Shopping
Hotels
Cadbury Café
Relaxed SEN Sessions
Gift Vouchers
Gifts
Competitions
News
SCHOOLS &
GROUPS
Groups
Group Packages
Group Visits
Heritage Tour & Light Afternoon Tea
Group Prices & Offers
Organiser Toolkit
Character Birthday Treats
Schools
Reopening
Plan Your Visit
SEN Day
Primary
Virtual Workshop
Secondary
Prices
Resources
School FAQs
FOLLOW US
FOLLOW US
Cadbury World: Terms of Use
Terms of Use
The information detailed on the this pages tells you how you may use cadburyworld.com and other Cadbury online services to access, the content that Cadbury makes available to you through these services. Examples of Cadbury's online services include this website, microsites for Cadbury brands, and mobile apps.
A) COMPANY
Mondelez Europe Services GmbH - UK Branch
B) COMPANY LOCATION
Cadbury House, Sanderson Road, Uxbridge, UB8 1DH
C) JURISDICTION
England and Wales
D) CONDITIONAL USE OF THIS SITE
Your access to and use of this website and its contents (the "Site") is subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use ("Terms of Use" or "Terms"), and all applicable laws. By accessing and using this Site, you (the "User" or "you") accept and agree to these without any limitation or qualification.
E) PRIVACY NOTICE
We respect concerns about the privacy of your personal information. Please review our Privacy Notice for how we collect, use, disclose and manage your personal information.
F) GENERAL RESTRICTIONS
•        You may use this Site for your own personal, non-commercial information for entertainment purposes only.
•        You may not copy, reproduce, reuse, retransmit, adapt, publish, frame, post, upload, modify, broadcast or distribute any Site Content in any way, including for any public or commercial purpose whatsoever, without our prior written permission.
•        You may not use any third parties’ likeness, names, and/or properties without their express permission.
•        You may not send any material to the Site that is unlawful, harmful (including any virus), threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, indecent or profane or that could constitute or encourage a violation of any law.
•        We may review, edit, or delete materials you or others send to this Site, but are not obligated to do so.
•        We may cancel any registration(s) or account(s) on this Site at any time, without notice or liability, for any reason, including if technical problems, irregularities or misuse occurs.
G) OWNERSHIP OF THE MATERIAL YOU SEND
Subject to the application of the Privacy Notice to personal data, any material you send to this Site will be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary.
This includes any data, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or other information, material or property.
H) WAIVER
We try to make the Site and its contents reliable, but inaccuracies may occur. Therefore, regardless of anything else on the Site or in these Terms:
•        use of the Site is at your own risk;
•        the Site is provided to you “AS IS”; and
•        to the fullest extent permitted by law, we and our Related Parties:
-        Disclaim all warranties regarding the Site, and shall not be responsible Or liable for any
Damages due to:
*        statements, errors or omissions in the Site;
*        content infringing any third party’s rights;
*        viruses that may be transmitted to your computer;
*        linking to any other site or its nature or contents; or
*        any other matter regarding this Site and your use of it.
I) INDEMNIFICATION
By using this Site, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us and our Related Parties from all Damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable lawyer's fees and costs, arising out of any of the following:
•        Any claims for infringement of intellectual property rights, libel, defamation relating to any materials you send to the Site;
•        Any activity relating to your Internet Account, including negligent or wrongful conduct by you or anyone using the Site through your Internet Account;
•        Your breach of any provisions of these Terms;
•        Any other matter regarding this Site and your use of it.
J) OTHER SITES
This Site may contain links to other web sites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies. Downloading material from certain sites may risk infringing intellectual property rights or introducing viruses into your system. You should note when you leave this Site and read the privacy policies and terms of these other sites. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any website which appears or claims that it is one of our sites (including those linked through an email).
K) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We (or our associated or affiliated companies or third parties who have licensed its brands to Company or contributed to this Site) ("Content Owner") own or licence from third parties all Site Content. All Site Content remains the sole property of the applicable Content Owner and is protected under all relevant Copyright, Trademark and other applicable laws. Nothing on the Site should be construed as granting any license or rights to use or distribute any Site Content, without our express written agreement or of the other applicable Content Owner.
L) OTHER JURISDICTION
We control and operate the Site from the above Company Location (regardless of where hosting servers are located). All matters relating to the Site are governed by the laws of the above Jurisdiction, without reference to conflict or choice of law principles. You agree that jurisdiction and venue for any legal proceeding relating to the Site shall be in appropriate courts located in the above Jurisdiction. We do not warrant or imply that the Site or materials on it are appropriate for use outside of the above Country. The information set forth in this Site concerning any products or services is applicable only in the Jurisdiction, and these products or services may not be available in all locations. If you are located outside of this Country, you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
M) SEVERABILITY
If for any reason, any provision herein is found void or unenforceable, it will be severed to the extent void or unenforceable and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Definitions/Interpretations. As used herein:
•        “Damages” means any and all direct, special, indirect, consequential or punitive loss or other damages of any kind (whether in contract, including fundamental breach, tort, including negligence, or otherwise).
•        “including” means “including but not limited to”
•        “Materials sent to the Site” (and “materials you send to the Site” and other like terms) means anything emailed, uploaded, posted or otherwise transmitted or sent to the Site (whether information, text, material, data or code or other) by you or another user.
•        “Related Parties” means all of our parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies, Site Developers and other promotional partners.
•        “Site Contents” means any and all information, text, images, audio, video, designs, names, logos, trademarks, data, code or other information, material or content on this Site.
•        “Site Developer” means any party involved in creating, producing, delivering or maintaining the Site.
•        “Use of this Site” (and “using” and other like terms) means “any and all use of the Site of any kind whatsoever, including access to, browsing of, reviewing, posting of, transmitting, reviewing, downloading, and other using the Site or any material on the Site.”
•        “Warranties” means any warranties or representations, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement or freedom from computer virus.
N) CHANGES
Please note, we may change information on this Site and/or these Terms, at any time without notice. You should regularly review these Terms for any changes. By continuing to use the Site, you agree to any changes, and by providing continued access to the Site we are providing you consideration for agreement to such changes.
O) CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Site, please contact us at the above "Contact" address, telephone number or e-mail.
CADBURYWORLD.CO.UK
Home
Recruitment
Press
Contact Us
FAQ
Cookie Policy
Promotions
Terms of Use
Copyright
Privacy Notice
Accessibility
Sitemap
Terms and conditions
Corporate Reporting
CADBURY NETWORK
Cadbury.co.uk
Cadbury World
Cadbury Recipes
Cadbury Gifts Direct
Cadbury Joymaker
EMAIL SIGN UP
Sign up here for exciting news, offers and competitions from Cadbury.
PLEASE SIGN ME UP
PRE-BOOK YOUR TICKETS TO GUARANTEE ENTRY
BOOK NOW
CADBURY WORLD SOCIAL NETWORKS