http://www.toyotaownersclub.com/terms-conditions/
Jump to content
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Community Home
Latest Posts
Home
Registration Terms
Terms & Conditions
Please take a moment to review these rules detailed below. If you agree with them and wish to register to converse with our enthusiasts, simply click the "Join The Club" button in our menu.
Disclaimer
This owners club is an independent community and has no association with any car manufacturer whatsoever. Please remember that we are not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of this bulletin board. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us immediately by email. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary. We don't intend to censor messages based on the opinions expressed within them, but we will enforce the club’s rules, which could result in such censorship.
What You Must Agree To
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use this bulletin board to post any material which you know to be false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise in violation of any law, meaning also that you agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or by this bulletin board. The basic rules for the club’s message-boards are simple:
Be polite. Treat your fellow members with respect. Personal attacks and/or name calling in any form will not be tolerated and will result in you being removed from the club on either a permanent or temporary basis.
Use common sense. Do not post for the sake of posting, or simply to increase your post count.
Don’t break the law. Don't post about things that break the law, or that might encourage others to break the law.
Don’t post any message that even hints at advertising. This includes social media.
Ensure your post is useful and related to the subject of the original poster. Do not change the subject of a post, or post non-constructive replies (such as replies containing only smiley emoticons).
Content Accuracy
In light of our policy of encouraging candid, open exchanges of views and the rapid distribution of information originating from many sources, the club cannot determine the accuracy of information that may be uploaded to the forum and accepts no responsibility whatsoever for the content, origin or use of any message. Opinions, advice and all other information expressed by participants in discussions are those of the author. Members who rely on such information do so at their own risk. Participants are urged to seek professional advice for specific, individual situations and not rely solely on advice or opinions given in the discussions.
Copyright
If any copyright through our website is breached then please contact a club staff member for immediate attention.
Advertising and Soliciting
We have very strict rules about advertising on our message-boards. Authorised Traders may advertise their products and / or services in their allocated section(s) of the message-boards. Authorised Traders must follow Trading terms and conditions (see below). All unauthorised advertising or soliciting will be removed without explanation and without notice. This includes, but is not limited to:
Directing members to external websites.
Advertising in signatures.
Using a thread to indirectly advertise or praise a product (unless the post is a personal recommendation based on personal use).
Placing commercial hyperlinks over pictures.
Posting of referral, affiliate or any commission generating links.
Persistent unauthorised advertising or soliciting may result in a removal of your membership of the club, on either a permanent or temporary basis.
Signatures
Signatures must be kept to a maximum of 6 (six) lines, and may contain no more than 3 (three) images. Images must not be larger than the following dimensions:
468 pixels in width
60 pixels in height
Signatures may be edited or deleted without notice by a member of the moderation team. In addition, members must not post images or use avatars that may cause offence to others. Images that cause offence may be deleted without notice.
Abusive, Invasive and Anti-Social Behaviour
The club takes the "be polite" rule VERY seriously. We will not tolerate ANY rudeness or swearing – this includes modifying words to escape our profanity filter. Any member who is intentionally unpleasant or disruptive will receive one warning, and will be permanently banned from the club after a second offence. Swearing, blasphemy or profanity – again either explicitly or by trying to deceive our profanity filter – will be edited or deleted without warning or notice and may lead to the member being banned from using the forum and / or banned from the club. Members should not hijack another member’s thread by deliberately changing the subject away from that which the original poster intended. Posts made in this way may be deleted without notice. In all cases relating to acceptable content, the club moderation team will decide – at its absolute discretion – what is acceptable and what is not. Where posts are edited or deleted by the moderation team, no notice will be given.
Site Management
The club moderation team may at its absolute discretion, remove or edit any post, signature or profile with or without notice or explanation, this will be after consideration of the rules regarding, unauthorised advertising or soliciting, abusive or antisocial behaviour or any other action which violates the club Terms and Conditions. If you are unsure about whether your post will be allowed under these rules, please seek guidance from a moderator before you post. Moderators within the club are appointed by the management to volunteer and moderate topics and posts within the club and have the right to remove, edit or alter any post they see fit that bides with these terms and conditions on this website. Any members opposing a moderator’s decision should do so with the moderator directly by using PM or email in a professional manner. Any member purposely creating posts or threads opposing a moderators’ decision will result in the member’s forum account being closed permanently. Members should also be reminded that we do not tolerate ANY rudeness to staff members whatsoever whether it is done through the website, PM system or email. ANY form of hostility or abuse to a member of the moderation team, as a result of their enforcing any of the club’s rules, will result in the permanent banning of the offending member from the club, without notice.
Members Content and Profile Data
We can cancel/delete your membership upon request, which will, in turn, remove members’ personal information, email and IP address details, but will anonymise your forum post content to retain the integrity of the original post threads.
All post content within the forums remains the property of the club.
We advise that members do not post any personal information in any posts, but if required such information can be edited, hidden or removed at the discretion of the Management.
Latest Posts
Home
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Forums
Back
Forums
How To Guides
Online Users
Members Gallery
Leaderboard
Forum Rules
News
Back
Club News
Photos
Videos
Membership
Back
Create Forum Account
General Club Discounts
Club Discounts
Insurance
Sell Your Toyota
Latest Posts
Back
All Activity
My Activity Streams
Back
Latest Posts
Search
×
Create New...