http://www.cbif.gc.ca/eng/about-us/terms-and-conditions/?id=1370403266258
Skip to main content
Skip to secondary menu
Terms and Conditions
Copyright/permission to reproduce
Privacy notices
Conditions for use of data
Materials on this website were produced and/or compiled by the Canadian Biodiversity Information Facility (CBIF) for the purpose of providing Canadians with direct access to information about the programs and services offered by the Government of Canada.
The material on this site is covered by the provisions of the Copyright Act, by Canadian laws, policies, regulations and international agreements. Such provisions serve to identify the information source and, in specific instances, to prohibit reproduction of materials without written permission.
Copyright/Permission to Reproduce
Non-Commercial Reproduction
Information on this site has been posted with the intent that it be readily available for personal and public non-commercial use and may be reproduced, in part or in whole and by any means, without charge or further permission from CBIF.
We ask only that:
Users exercise due diligence in ensuring the accuracy of the materials reproduced;
CBIF be identified as the source department; and,
The reproduction is not represented as an official version of the materials reproduced, nor as having been made, in affiliation with or with the endorsement of CBIF.
Commercial Reproduction
Reproduction of multiple copies of materials on this site, in whole or in part, for the purposes of commercial redistribution is prohibited except with written permission from the Government of Canada's copyright administrator, Public Works and Government Services Canada (PWGSC). Through the permission granting process, PWGSC helps ensure individuals/organizations wishing to reproduce Government of Canada materials for commercial purposes have access to the most accurate, up-to-date versions. To obtain permission to reproduce materials on this site for commercial purposes please contact:
Public Works and Government Services Canada
Canadian Government Publishing Directorate
Constitution Square Building, 4th Floor, 350 Albert Street
Ottawa ON K1A 0S5
Canada
or copyright.droitdauteur@communication.gc.ca
Third-Party Materials
Some of the materials and graphical elements found on Government of Canada websites are subject to copyrights held by other organizations. This is particularly true of sites that are jointly operated by a Government of Canada institution and an external organization as part of a collaborative arrangement. In such cases, some restrictions on the reproduction of materials or graphical elements may apply and it may be necessary to seek permission from the rights holder prior to reproducing the material.
To obtain information concerning copyright ownership and restrictions on reproduction on this site, please contact us.
Privacy Notices
The Government of Canada and CBIF are committed to providing visitors with websites that respect their privacy. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices on CBIF's website.
CBIF web pages do not automatically gather any specific personal information from you, such as your name, phone number or e-mail address. We would only obtain this type of information if you supply it by sending us an e-mail or registering in a secure portion of the site.
All personal information created, held or collected by this department is protected under the federal Privacy Act. This means that at any point of collection you will be asked for consent to collect your information, and you will be informed of the purpose for which it is being collected and how to exercise your right of access to that information.
CBIF employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. This software receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our website, the date and time of the visit and the pages visited. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site unless an attempt to damage the site has been detected.
CBIF does not normally use "cookies" to track how our visitors use this site or to determine sites previously visited. The system will notify you before any cookies are used so that you may refuse them. (A "cookie" is a file that may be placed on your hard drive without your knowledge by a website to allow it to monitor your use of the site.)
Information on individual visitors is used by CBIF employees who need to know the information in order to respond to your request or to ensure the security of this system. We only share the information you give us with another government department if your inquiry relates to that department. We do not use the information to create individual profiles, nor do we disclose this information to anyone outside the federal government.
Questions or comments regarding this policy, or the administration of the Privacy Act in CBIF may be directed to the Privacy Co-ordinator by e-mail, CBIF-scib@agr.gc.ca. If you are not satisfied with our response to your privacy concern, you may wish to contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
Conditions for Use of Data
Disclaimers
Data are provided on an "as is" basis -no responsibility by the network or by the caretakers of the original data is accepted for uses or misuses.
Data are not to be used on a for-profit basis - use of the data for commercial or for-profit applications are permitted only via written permission from the managers of the data network and from the component data caretakers.
Data are provided on an end-user basis - that is, data are provided to users, but are not to be passed on to third parties or otherwise redistributed.
Proper acknowledgment of the data network and source institutions is expected; in textual form, the following format should be used: "Biodiversity data were drawn from the distributed data network entitled Species Analyst, a project of the North American Biodiversity Information Network, and participating institutions." Acknowledgment of individual institutions should also be included.
Data are provided under the understanding that their use will be generally consistent with the philosophy of not causing detriment to wild species.
Data are provided in this facility under the general, overarching principle of free and open access to biodiversity information and technology.
Provisos
Issues of data quality - Although interested in assisting data caretakers to improve data under their care, this data network serves simply to make information available. We refer users with special concerns regarding data precision or quality to the original data caretakers. Areas of special concern include taxonomic determinations and geographic referencing.
Use of negative information -Biodiversity data generally constitute positive information only; that is, absence of a record does not always mean absence of a particular species from a particular point in space and time. Because biodiversity sampling is notoriously spotty, biased, and incomplete, understanding the positive-only nature of the data is critical to their proper understanding.
General -Neither the creators of this biodiversity information network nor the institutions that it links guarantees either the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the data or information provided, or the reliability and functionality of the computer tools provided, and neither accepts any liability in this regard.
Date modified:
2013-06-05
Secondary menu
About Us
Reports and Publications
Links