http://www.limousines.com/a/privacy-policy
HomeContactSign InFind ReservationDrive for usTermsPrivacyLimos.com Customer Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy applies to www.limos.com owned and operated by On Demand iCARS Inc. ("Limos.com"). This privacy policy describes how Limos.com collects and uses the personal information you provide on the Limos.com website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.Limos.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.By visiting Limos.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. For clarity, the policies below apply to visitors to the Limos.com website (Customers). Note: If you are a limousine company (an "LC") enrolled in the Limos.com service, the terms governing your use of the website and confidentiality are provided in your Terms of Service agreement with Limos.com.What Personal Information Does Limos.com Gather About Customers?The information we learn from Customers helps us personalize and continually improve your limousine shopping experience at Limos.com. Here are the types of information we gather:General Information You Give Us:We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you will not be able to take advantage of many of our features, including receiving pricing on limo services or making a reservation/booking. In order to receive quotes from Limos.com's participating third-party LC's, you must first create an account by providing your first and last name, email or phone number and creating a password. You may also provide such information if you participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service; provide information in your account or profile; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; provide employer information when opening a corporate account; provide and rate LC reviews; or employ our personal notification services, such as trip reminders. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with booking or reservation information such as your name, address, and phone numbers; and content of reviews and e-mails to us. We use the information that you provide for our general commercial purposes including to allow us and our LC's to respond to your requests, customize future shopping for you and communicate with you.Third Party Information You Give Us:If you choose to add your friend as a passenger for the reservation or Send Invitations on our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and address. Limos.com stores this information for the sole purpose of completing the reservation and tracking the success of our reservation and invitation.Your friend may contact us at customerservice@limos.com to request that we remove this information from our database.Does Limos.com Share Personal Information?Information about our Customers is an important part of our business. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We share customer information only in the ways described below:The Limos.com corporate family: We share information received through Limos.com within our corporate family to provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions and customer support), to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies, and to guide decisions about their products, services and communications. Members of our corporate family may use this information to send you marketing communications if you've requested their services.LC's: We share information with our third-party LC's so that they may provide quote information, may communicate with Customers directly to provide service information (typically to answer Customer questions, describe the LC's services or reservation request) and provide the limousine service itself. When you request a quote, a reservation or ask a question of an LC, we share your "Customer Criteria" with the LC in order for the LC to provide you with the above information about their limousine service. Your "Customer Criteria" includes your name, your communication preference (email and/or phone call), any email or phone number you provided, your limousine ride type, vehicle preferences, dates/times and location of service and any special requests you submitted. Our LC's are prohibited by our Terms of Service agreement from using your personal information for any other purpose.Third Party Service Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf which may involve sharing information. Examples include sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but pursuant to our agreements, they must not retain, share, store or use personal information.Legal Enforcement: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Limos.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.We may also disclose your personal information if Limos.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.We collect your location-based information for the purpose of helping you select your pickup or dropoff information. We will only share this information with our mapping provider for the sole purpose of proving you this service. You may opt-out of location-based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level.What Tracking Technologies Do We Have?Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Limos.com and our analytics and marketing partners. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies throughout the site to maintain your session. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still access the site but search, reservation and other features will no longer work.Log Files - As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.Behavioral Targeting - We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.Local Storage (HTML5) - We use Local Storage such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 storage.What about Links to Other Websites?Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those companies. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.Social Media WidgetsOur website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These Features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.TestimonialsWe display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at customerservice@limos.com.What Choices Do I Have?Personal Information: As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to obtain such features a receiving a quote, making a reservation, creating/reviewing your profile, past searches and creating customer reviews.Review and Update Personal Information: You can access your information at various points on the Limos.com website. These include:The "My Account" page on Limos.com, where you can view, update, or change your personal information. On this page, you also can change your password; elect to have an automatic password sign-in when logging on to Limos.com; update or correct names, phone numbers, and addresses associated with your profile; and update your preferences. The "My Trips" page, where you can view, update, or delete your saved trip searches or itineraries.You can close your Limos.com account by selecting the "Close Account" option. We will send you an e-mail confirming your request to close your account to the e-mail address contained in your member profile. Please note that after you close an account, you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information. However, you can open a new account at any time. If your personal information changes, or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you may also correct, update or delete it by contacting us atcustomerservice@limos.com. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Communication Preferences from the website and LC's: If you do not want to receive e-mail or phone calls from us or an LC, please adjust your customer communication preferences. You may opt-in or opt-out of newsletters, travel or customer service alerts, but we will still be permitted to send you updates to our policies and legal notices. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us atcustomerservice@limos.com.Cookies and Java Script: The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies and Java Script allow you to take advantage of some of Limos.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.Your California Privacy RightsWe may disclose your personal information to our affiliates or other third parties for their use in marketing to you. California residents are permitted to request information about the manner in which we share certain categories of information with third parties for their marketing use. To request a copy of our disclosure pursuant to California law please contact us at CAprivacy@limos.com.How Secure Is Information About Me?We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer; if we receive a request using your user name and password we will assume that you have authorized the request. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us atcustomerservice@limos.com. Are Children Allowed to Use Limos.com?Limos.com does not offer limousine services for reservation/booking by children. While we offer limousine services that may be used by children or adults, any limousine services on Limos.com must be reserved/booked by an adult. If you are under 18, you may use Limos.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.Conditions of Use, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit Limos.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of California. If you have any concern about privacy at Limos.com, please contact us with a description via customerservice@limos.com and we will try to resolve it. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Limos.com atcustomerservice@limos.com.Changes To This PolicyOur business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently where we will post any changes with a new Effective Date. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy you can contact us via email atcustomerservice@limos.com or via postal mail at:Limos.com50 Pier 50, San Francisco, CA 94158Effective Date: Mar 8, 2018