http://www.boscosbeer.com/privacy-policy2
Loading color scheme
Boscos
Privacy policy
Home
About
Awards and Honors
FAQs
Our team
Testimonials
Reservations
Private Dining
Menus
Lunch/Dinner
Sunday Brunch
Kids
Beer
Wine and Cocktails
Beer
On Tap
Seasonal
Crowlers
Cask-Conditioned
Better Beer!
Flaming Stone Story
Beer Police
Careers
Contact
Merch
Gift Cards
T-shirts and More
HomePrivacy policy
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co., (Boscos), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co., and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of http://boscosbeer.com you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Collection of Information This Website collects various types of information, such as:
· Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from http://boscosbeer.com. Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
· Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. and/or our website;
· Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co.; and
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Security Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to build users' trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information. In addition, Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. is a licensee of TRUSTe. The website is also secured by VeriSign.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those change to our website homepage at http://boscosbeer.com, so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: suzanne@boscosbeer.com Telephone Number: 901-278-0087 Mailing Address: Boscos Restaurant & Brewing Co. 827 South Main St Memphis, Tennessee 38106
01/22/2015
×
Search ...