https://www.schellsbrewery.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
August Schell Privacy Notice
Effective Date: May 4, 2018
This Privacy Notice explains how August Shell collects, uses, and discloses information through www.schellsbrewery.com (the “Website”). When you visit our Website you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice do not visit the Website.
1. Types of Information That May Be Collected
When you sign up for our Social Club, you need to provide us with your name and email address. You can also send us comments or questions.
When you buy items from our online store, we collect your contact information (name, address, phone number), and we may collect your payment information. If you choose to create an account you will need to set a password.
We also may collect certain information automatically when you visit the Website, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address; other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers; your browser type and operating system; sites you visited before and after visiting the Website; pages you view and links you click on within and related websites. We may use cookies, pixel tags, Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as “Flash Cookies”), and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.
Presently, we use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to analyze how our site is being used and improve our Website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) and the Google Privacy Policy (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/). You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
2. Use of Information
If you sign up for our Social Club, we will email you information about our products and our company. If you ever want to stop getting these emails, you may click unsubscribe and the emails will stop.
If you purchase products from us over the Website, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your order. Your credit card information is processed by a third party vendor (such as authorize.net). You can review the vendor’s polices before you check out. We do not store your credit card information. If you ever want to delete your account, you have that option after logging in.
We may use your non-personal information (including personal information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated) for any reason at our sole discretion.
3. Sharing of Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.
Service Providers: We may share your information with service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as hosting the Website, fulfilling orders, managing databases, or processing credit card payments).
Business Transfer: If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, a business reorganization, or similar event, we may transfer your information as part of such transaction.
Administrative or Legal Process: We may disclose your information to third parties in order to protect the legal rights, safety, and security of our organization or customers; to resolve claims or complaints; prevent fraud or for risk management purposes; and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process.
Non-personal Information: We may share non-personal information (including personal information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated), for any reason at our sole discretion.
4. Social Networking Services and Links to Other Websites
If you connect with us on social network sites, information you provide via those sites is public information, and not the subject of this Privacy Notice. Please refer to the privacy notices of the social networking company.
Our Website may link to other websites or online services that are operated and maintained by third parties and that are not under our control. We do not endorse those sites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated with those sites. This Privacy Notice does not apply to this third-party content. We are not responsible for the privacy notices or practices of such other websites or online services. You should review the privacy notices of these third-party websites and services.
5. Security
We have adopted reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative and technical security practices to help protect against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to the information you provide to us. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose via the Website and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
You should never use the same password on multiple sites. If you ever think your password has been compromised, reset your password right away.
6. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13. We also do not authorize individuals who are under the age of 13 to use the Services, nor do we direct our Services to those under 13 years of age. If we are made aware we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will delete this information as soon as possible.
7. Changes To This Privacy Notice
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time. Your continued use of the Website after any modification to the Privacy Notice will constitute your acceptance of the new terms. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address you have provided to us) or by means of a notice on the Website prior. You should periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE, STOP USING THE SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.
8. Retention
We will retain your contact information and your account until we decide we no longer need it. We only store your credit card information if you establish an account, and you can remove that information from your account at any time.
9. Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to schells@schellsbrewery.com.
Because we use Google Analytics, Google may be able to collect information about a user’s online activities over time and across different websites when he or she visits the Website.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to a website. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
10. International Users
Our Website is directed towards users who reside in the United States. By using the Services, you affirm that you reside in the United States, and you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, pursuant to the laws of the United States. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information of European Union residents.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices email us schells@schellsbrewery.com with a subject of Privacy Inquiry or contact us by regular mail at:
Schell’s Brewery
PO Box 128
New Ulm, MN 5607
Connect
1860 Schell Road
New Ulm, MN 56073
Gift Shop Open Daily 11am-5pm
Ph: (800) 770-5020
Fax: (507) 359-9119
Brewery
Our StoryTour Schell’sShopNews
Resources
CareersContact UsDistributor Login
Follow us on social media.
©2020
August Schell Brewing Co.
All Rights Reserved |
Privacy Policy