http://www.cabbagepatchkids.com/pages/privacy-policy
Menu
Exclusive Cabbage Patch KidsDeluxe 17 to 20 inch
Handstitched Cabbage Patch KidsSoft-sculpted Individual Artworks
Toy Cabbage Patch KidsPackaged Toys
Other Toys & Accessories Cuties, Clothing and Accessories
Our Magical StoryIt began in a Cabbage Patch...
Login
Cart Updated
Variant Title
has been added to your shopping cart.
View Cart
or
Checkout Now
Variant Title
has been removed from your shopping cart.
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home
Current:
Privacy Policy
Your Selections:
Clear All x
Privacy Policy
Cabbagepatchkids.com has created this privacy policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Cabbagepatchkids.com (the “Site”). The Site is dynamic and changes all the time. Children under 13 and their parents should click (here) for additional information. By visiting this portion of our site, you can expect to be notified of:
What personally identifiable information is collected and how is it used
With whom the information will be shared
The Site’s opt-out policy
The Site’s security policy
The Site’s policy on correcting and updating personally identifiable information
The site’s policy on deleting or deactivating your name from our database
Some information given in this privacy policy is included for future intended use. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
What Information Is Collected And How Is It Collected
Many of the ways in which you interact with the Site allow us to learn more about you and enhance your experience. We collect and store statistics and other information about the online activities of our visitors on an aggregated basis. We use your IP address (which is the automatic number assigned to your computer when you surf the Web) to help diagnose problems with our servers, and otherwise to administer the Site, such as to gather broad demographic information.
We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your login ID so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, and for other purposes to aid in your navigation and to increase the Site’s ease of use. We do not, however, use cookies in any other manner in order to identify you personally. For more information on cookies, click (here). We also track the number of people who view each page to learn which features are the most popular, but in these instances, we do not obtain personally identifiable information about you.
In those instances where we do collect personally identifiable information, it is only to improve your experience on our site. Examples of when you voluntarily submit this kind of information include when you answer our polls, enter sweepstakes or contests, fill out the registration page, send us feedback or post in our chat rooms or message boards.
The more accurate this information is, the better we are able to customize your experience. Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information like your E-mail address. This is for personalization purposes as well as a unique identifier that allows us to contact you when sending our news releases, e-newsletter or to tell you that you have won one of the sweepstakes offers available to registered users. Additional demographic information (like birthday, profession, or reason for using Cabbagepatchkids.com) is to help us customize your experience and develop new features that are most relevant to our users.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. Your contact information is only used with your permission to provide you with information about us from time to time (such as newsletters) and except in the event of a merger or acquisition, will not be shared with other companies who may want to contact our visitors, unless otherwise specified upon collection. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data may be used for marketing and targeting purposes. Tracking how users interact with our site helps us to develop new features and content. We use this data to tailor the visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Online surveys and contests, which we may conduct from time to time, may ask users for contact information (like their e-mail address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The user’s contact information is only used to contact the user when necessary. However, on particular pages where we ask for your personally identifiable information, we may explicitly tell you that the data we are collecting on that page will be shared with third parties, in which case those disclosures shall override anything to the contrary in this policy. For example, before you submit answers to questions we ask in an advertiser-sponsored promotion, we will tell you that your answers will be shared with that advertiser. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Guidelines For Children 13 And Under
Children’s privacy is of major concern to us.
WE DO NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child’s request and will not be used for other purposes.
WE DO NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information without prior parental consent.
WE DO NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without prior parental consent
WE DO NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information without prior parental consent
WE DO NOT require a child to provide us with more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation.
Click (here) to return to the top.
Cookies And Other Tracking Methods
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. We may use cookies or, in a limited number of cases, IP addresses for a number of reasons.
First, cookies allow you to store your password without having to constantly re-enter it.
Second, cookies can also help us to tailor a Web site or a marketing message to better match your needs and interests.
Third, cookies allow us to better understand how users use our site, which in turn helps us focus our resources on features that are most popular with our users. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our site may not work properly if you do.
Public Forums
This site may, at some time, have chat rooms, forums, and / or message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. We recommend that you never reveal your IDs, logins or passwords to anyone. You will never receive a request from Cabbagepatchkids.com for your personal information in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. The privacy policy described here applies only to Cabbagepatchkids.com, and not to other companies’ or organizations’ web sites to which we link, or which link to us. Also, while Cabbagepatchkids.com hopes to provide a safe and secure online experience, be very careful about sharing your personal information with other people you might meet as a result of your visit to the Site.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site requires you to opt-in to receive certain information from us. We also provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving any future communications from us. If you want to remove your information from our database and not receive future communications or registration-required service(s), please send an email to us by clicking (here) and typing unsubscribe in the subject line.
Changing Your Information
Our site also gives users the option to change and modify information previously provided. Send an e-mail to myinfo@cabbagepatchkids.com, and type the change in the body text.
Contacting The Web Site
Questions regarding this statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site should be directed to:
Consumer CommunicationOriginal Appalachian Artworks, Inc.PO Box 7141721 Highway 75 SouthCleveland, Georgia 30528
Join Our Community
×