http://www.derbyshirescouts.org/privacy
ScoutsDerbyshire
ScoutsDerbyshire
Home
Districts
Alfreton
Belper
Chesterfield
Derby East
Derby North
Derby South
Derwent and Dove
Dronfield
East Scarsdale
High Peak
Ilkeston
Long Eaton
Peak
Ripley and Heanor
South Derbyshire
Find a Group
Sections
Beavers (6-8)
Cubs (8-10½)
Scouts (10½-14)
Explorers (14-18)
Network (18-25)
Young Leaders
Active Support
Find a Group
Information
Calendar
Downloads
K.Scout+
Drum Hill
Gradbach
Spitewinter
Tansley Wood
Trent Lock
Training
Activities
Activities Home
Activity Permits
Archery
Biking
Bushcraft
Caving
Climbing
Communications
Creative
Diving
Fencing
First Aid
Hillwalking
Kite Sports
Paddle Sports
Pioneering
Sailing
Scout Shows
Shooting
Tomahawk Throwing
Events
Activation
Big Shoot
County Ball
Dove Canoe Race
Four Inns
Kinder Walk
Peak Camp
Rampage
Spring Bank Camp
Support
Awards
County Team
Duke of Edinburgh's Award
Inclusion
International
Media
Safeguarding
Safety
Vacancies
Find a Group
Login
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Derbyshire Scouts Privacy Policy
What is this privacy policy?
This Data Privacy Policy describes the categories of personal data Derbyshire Scouts process and for what purposes.Derbyshire Scouts are committed to collecting and using such data fairly and in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), the regulations set by the European Union, and Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018), the UK law that encompasses the GDPR.
This Privacy Policy applies to members, parents/guardians of youth members, volunteers, employees, contractors, suppliers, supporters, donors and members of the public who will make contact with Derbyshire Scouts.
Who we are
Derbyshire Scouts are a registered charity with the Charity Commission for England & Wales; charity number 1019079.
The Data Controller for Derbyshire Scouts is the Executive Committee who are appointed at an Annual General Meeting and are Charity Trustees.The Chair of the Charity Trustees is Nick Griffiths.
From this point on Derbyshire Scouts will be referred to as "we".
Being a small charity, we are not required to appoint a Data Protection Officer.
The data we may process
The majority of the personal information we hold, is provided to us directly by you or by the parents or legal guardians of youth members verbally or in paper form, digital form or via our online membership system Compass. In the case of adult members and volunteers, data may also be provided by third parties, such as the England & Wales - Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS).
Where a member is under the age of 18, this information will only be obtained from a parent or guardian and cannot be provided by the young person.
We may collect the following personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, telephone numbers and personal email address - so that we can contact you.
Date of birth so that we can ensure young people are allocated to the appropriate Section for their age and that adults are old enough to take on an appointment with Scouting.
Gender so that we can address individuals correctly and accommodate for any specific needs.
Emergency contact information so that we are able to contact someone in the event of an emergency.
Government identification numbers (e.g. national insurance, driving licence, passport) to be able to process volunteer criminal record checks.
Bank account details, payroll information and tax status information so that we are able to pay any staff that might be employed by us and collect gift aid from HMRC where donations are made.
Training records so that members can track their progression through the Scout programme or adult training scheme.
Race or ethnic origin so that we can make suitable arrangements based on members cultural needs.
Health records so that we can make suitable arrangements based on members medical needs.
Criminal records checks to ensure Scouting is a safe space for young people and adults.
The lawful basis we process your data by
We comply with our obligations under the GDPR and DPA 2018 by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
In most cases the lawful basis for processing will be through the performance of a contract for personal data and as legitimate interests for your sensitive data.
We use personal data for the following purposes:
to provide information about Scout meetings, activities, training courses and events to our members and other volunteers in Derbyshire Scouts.
to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution
to administer membership records
to fundraise and promote the interests of Scouting
to manage our volunteers
to maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications)/
to inform you of news, events, activities and services being run or attended by Derbyshire Scouts
to ensure and evidence your suitability if volunteering for a role in Scouting
to contact your next of kin in the event of an emergency
to ensure you have and maintain the correct qualifications and skills
We use personal sensitive data for the following purposes:
for the protection of a person's health and safety whilst in the care of Derbyshire Scouts
to respect a person's religious beliefs with regards to activities, food and holidays
for equal opportunity monitoring and reporting.
Our retention policy
We will keep certain types of information for different periods of time in line with our retention policy, as shown below:
Data Process
Data Type
Retention
Justification
Incident - No medical intervention (*)
Personal & Sensitive
Until the young person is 21 or 3 years whichever is the greater
Legal claims raised against the incident
Adult Information Form
Personal & Sensitive(special category)
12 months or until approval checks and interview and appointment are complete, whichever is the shortest
Required to assist in the appointment process
Identity checking Form
Personal
Until ID data has been submitted to DBS/PVG and the vetting process is complete
Required to verify that the identity has been checked.
Events
Personal & Sensitive(special category)
2 months after event (unless specific permission is given for it to be held longer)
Required for enquiries on the event and responding to incidents
Safeguarding
n/a. See TSA Safeguarding Policy
The retention of safeguarding data is handled by the Scouts UK headquarters as part of the safeguarding procedures and no data should be retained locally.This should be in line with the Scouts 'Young People First'; District Commissioner Procedures
Training records
Personal
2 months after attendance at training events or as soon as compass is updated, whichever is the shortest.
Required for course and record management
Appointments Advisory Committee notes
Personal
18 months
Required to review any training needs of adult volunteers
Individual Givers
Personal
1 Year
1 Year
Gift aid declaration
6 Years after donation
HMRC Tax Audit
Individuals/ organisations booking our facilities
Personal
1 Year
Required for enquiries on purchases and account
Transactional
6 Years after purchase or duration of warranty period, whichever is longest
HMRC Tax Audit or warranty period
Where possible, personal and sensitive (special category) data should be anonymised as soon as appropriate if it is to be retained for analysis or statistical purposes.
(*) Any incidents that have required medical intervention should be reported to the Scouts Information Centre for alignment
Staff
Data Process
Data Type
Retention
Justification
Income tax and NI records
Personal
3 years from the end of financial year to which they relate
The Income Tax (Employments) Regulations 1993 (SI 1993/744) as amended, for example by The Income Tax (Employments) (Amendment No. 6) Regulations 1996 (SI 1996/2631)
Payroll wage/salary records (also overtime, bonuses, expenses)
6 years from the end of the tax year to which they relate
Taxes Management Act 1970
Retirement Benefits Schemes - records of notifiable events, for example, relating to incapacity
6 years from the end of the scheme year in which the event took place
The Retirement Benefits Schemes (Information Powers) Regulations 1995 (SI 1995/3103)
Statutory Maternity Pay records, calculations, certificates (Mat B1s) or other medical evidence
3 years after the end of the tax year in which the maternity period ends
The Statutory Maternity Pay (General) Regulations 1986 (SI 1986/1960) as amended
Working time records
2 years from date on which they were made
The Working Time Regulations 1998 (SI 1998/1833)
Recruitment records
6 months after the candidate has not been successful
To defend against tribunals or county or high court claim
Personnel files and training records (including formal disciplinary records)
6 years after employment ceases
To assist in any formal grievance procedure
The Scout Association's Data Protection Policy can be found here and the Data Privacy Notice here
Sharing your information
Young people and other data subjects
We will normally only share personal information with adult volunteers holding an appointment in the Derbyshire Scouts.
Adult volunteers
We will normally only share personal information with adult volunteers holding appropriate appointments within the line management structure of The Scout Association for Derbyshire as well as with The Scout Association Headquarters as joint data controllers.
All data subjects
We will however share your personal information with others outside of Derbyshire Scouts where we need meet a legal obligation. This may include The Scout Association and its insurance subsidiary (Unity Insurance Services), local authority services and law enforcement. We will only share your personal information to the extent needed for those purposes. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the organisation where there is a legitimate reason to do so.
We will never sell your personal information to any third party.
Sometimes we may nominate a member for national awards, (such as Scouting awards or Duke of Edinburgh's awards) such nominations would require us to provide contact details to that organisation.
Where personal data is shared with third parties we will seek assurances that your personal data will be kept confidential and that the third party fully complies with the GDPR and DPA 2018.
How we store your personal data
We generally store personal information in the following ways:
Compass is the online membership system of The Scout Association, this system is used for the collection and storage of adult volunteer personal data.
County Web site is the booking portal for the majority of our events
Drum Hill Booking System is the booking portal for the county camp site
Spring Bank Booking System is the booking portal for this annual event
In addition adult volunteers will hold some personal data on local spreadsheets/databases.
Printed records and data held while attending events - paper is sometimes used to capture and retain some data for example:
Gift Aid administration
Event registration
Health and contact records forms (for events)
Events coordination with event organisers
Paper records for events are used rather than relying on secure digital systems, as often the events are held where internet and digital access will not be available. We will minimise the use of paper to only what is required for the event.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
How we provide this privacy notice
A link to this website page is provided to those whose data is being processed by us. A printed version is also available on request.
Your rights
As a Data Subject, you have the right to object to how we process your personal information. You also have the right to access, correct, sometimes delete and restrict the personal information we use. In addition, you have a right to complain to us and to the Information Commissioners Office.
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR and DPA 2018, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to be informed. You have a right to know how your data will be used by us
The right to access your personal data. You can ask us to share with you the data we have about you. This is a Data Subject Access Request.
The right to rectification. This just means you can update your data if it is inaccurate or if something is missing. Adult members will be able to edit and update some information directly on The Scout Associations Compass membership system
The right to erasure. This means that you have the right to request that we delete any personal data we have about you. There are some exceptions, for example, some information will be held by The Scout Association for legal reasons
The right to restrict processing. If you think that we are not processing your data in line with this privacy notice then you have the right to restrict any further use of that data until the issue is resolved
The right to data portability. This means that if you ask us we will have to share your data with you in a way that can be read digitally, such as a pdf. This makes it easier to share information with others
The right to object. You can object to the ways your data is being used
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling. This protects you in cases where decision are being made about you based entirely on automated processes rather than a human input. It is highly unlikely that this will be used by us
Website Cookies
Forms related cookies
When you submit data through a form such as those found on our contact pages or comment forms, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Our sites use Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Privacy information page
We use session cookies, to provide core functionality to the site, but these do not store personal information outside of the current browser session
Who to contact
If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Notice or our use of your personal data, please contact our County Administrator