http://www.pennyblack1840.com/site-terms-and-privacy/
Penny Black 1840
Dedicated to the world's first postage stamp & Victorian line engraved stamp collecting
Home
Victorian Line Engraved
Penny Black
1d Red
2d Blue
Books & Reviews
Guide Lines to the Penny Black
The Cancellations of the 1841 Penny Red
Penny Black 1840 UK Book Shop
Penny Black 1840 US Book Store
Gift Shop
Penny Black Facts
Art Prints
Thematics
Animals
Birds
Commemorative
Famous People
First Day Covers
Flowers
GB Stamps
Landscape
Contact
Site Map
Links
Site Terms, Cookies and Privacy
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@pennyblack1840.com.
At PennyBlack1840.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by PennyBlack1840.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other websites, PennyBlack1840.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable
Use of Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
Google Analytics stores IP addresses anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither PennyBlack1840.com nor Google can associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
These cookies (_ga, _gat) enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session. To find out more please visit: How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. PennyBlack1840.com assumes your implied consent for our use of cookies when you visit our website.
Cookie acceptance
Acceptance via the green Okay button will set a cookie (catAccCookies) in order to remember your preference and remove the cookie notice.
Advertising partner cookies
Some of our advertising partners and third-party ad networks on this website may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include, amongst others, Commission Junction, Amazon, eBay, CafePress. These third-party ad servers or ad networks are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Google Adsense DART cookie
Google Adsense also uses the DART cookie to enable it to serve ads to this website based on your visit to both this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
eBay Referrer Requirement
This website is a member of the ePN (eBay Partner Network). We are required by the ePN to ensure that our visitors do not block any information that is routinely sent via a user's standard browser when clicking one of their links. Our software will automatically cancel your transfer to eBay if all or part of this information is not currently available due to your browser settings, ISP, proxy, or any other reason.
YouTube cookies
We embed videos using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Share tools
If you take the opportunity to share PennyBlack1840.com content with friends through social networks – such as Facebook and Twitter - you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so please check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
WordPress comment form cookies
When a visitor comments on PennyBlack1840.com, they too get cookies stored on their computer. This is purely a convenience, so that the visitor won't need to re-type all their information again when they want to leave another comment. Three cookies are set for comments (comment_author, comment_author_email, and comment_author_url). The commenter cookies are set to expire a little under one year from the time they're set. Visit the WordPress codex for more information http://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies
Further information about cookies
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit http://aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window - please note that we can't be responsible for the content of external websites).
Standard Disclaimer
The information presented and opinions expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent the views of PennyBlack1840.com and/or its partners.
The PennyBlack1840.com website contains links to third party websites. The linked sites are not under our control, and PennyBlack1840.com is not responsible for the content available on any other websites linked to this website. Such links do not imply our endorsement of any other website and PennyBlack1840.com disclaims all liability with regard to your access of such linked websites. PennyBlack1840.com is also not responsible for any loss or damage of any sort you may incur from dealing with any third party.
PennyBlack1840.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
PennyBlack1840.com is a participant in the Amazon Europe S.à.r.l. Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.co.uk.
The information on this website is believed to be accurate however nothing written here should be taken as legal advice. PennyBlack1840.com disclaims all warranties with regard to information on this website including all implied warranties of satisfactory quality and fitness. Measurements are approximate and no responsibility is taken for any error, omission or misunderstanding in these particulars, which do not constitute an offer or contract.
Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on Amazon.com at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
In no event shall PennyBlack1840.com be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of any information on this website. No representation or warranty whatever is made or given either during negotiation, in particulars or elsewhere.
All trademarks and copyrights on this page are owned by their respective owners. Comments are owned by the Poster.
Many of the postage stamps shown here are in the public domain because the copyright has expired. This applies to the United States, Canada, the European Union and those countries with a copyright term of life of the author plus 70 years. Any other more recent stamps are reproduced under fair use copyright laws i.e. as low resolution images for reasons of identification and commentary only.
Please read our Site Terms & Privacy Policy.
Website by Deborah Swain • © Copyright 2006 - 2020 PennyBlack1840.com
Like most websites we use some unobtrusive 'cookies' to store information on your computer. More infoOkay