http://www.revenue-collector.com/privacypolicy.shtml
Temp
My Collection
Just Added
Wantlist
Stamp/Cancel Search
Revenue Museum
Expertized Items
XF & Jumbos
Multiples
Margin Imprints
Errors, Freaks & Oddities
Fakes & Forgeries
View All
My Documents
Illegal Usages: Postage as Revenue
Illegal Usages: Revenue as Postage
Illegal Usages: Other
U.S. & Foreign Revenues Together
Census of Revenue Stampsof Nicaragua's Mosquito Reservation
Small Size Revenue Stamped Paper (RN)
Photographs (CDVs)
The Whitney & BeckwithSkull and Crossbones Cancel
Stock Certificates
Mining Documents
View All Documents
ID Charts
Introduction
1st Issue (1862)
2nd Issue (1871)
3rd Issue (1871)
1st Issue Proprietary
2nd Issue Proprietary
References
Civil War Revenue Tax Rates New
1st-3rd Issue Plate Varieties
1st Issue Silk Papers
R15e Census(2c USIR on Green Paper)
Part perfs... No, the OTHER Direction!
Census of 1st-3rdIssue Double Impressions
Census of 1st-3rd Issue Bisects
Pacific Mail Steamship Co.Straight Line Handstamp Cancels
Civil War Photographers
Early U.S. Revenue Stamp Dealers
Brady's Bend Iron Co.
The Boston Book (PDF)
Shift Hunter Letters (PDF)
Ship Cancellationsof the Civil War (PDF)
Forbin Cataloguede Timbres-Fiscaux
Links
Blog
Go
Last updated March 22, 2019
Privacy Policy
The success of Revenue-Collector.Com depends upon our ability to maintain
the trust of our users. Below is information regarding our commitment to
protect the privacy of users.
I have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to viewers' privacy. The following paragraphs disclose our
information gathering and dissemination practices for the
Revenue-Collector.Com website:
Cookies
Your web browser may store information through the use of cookies,
specifically Google Analytics for demographics purposes, and Facebook
if you use the comments sections in the blog.
You have the option of blocking the use of Cookies by changing
a setting in your web browser. Please see your browser supplier's
Web site for details on how to do this.
User-Generated Content
Revenue-Collector.Com offers you opportunities to engage in public
activities via the Facebook comments on the blog. Any information you
disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name or ID,
or any image or photo, becomes public. If you choose to engage in
public activities, you should be aware that any personal information
you submit can be read, collected, and used by other users of these
areas. Revenue-Collector.Com is not responsible for the personal information
you choose to submit in the course of your public activities, and
you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you,
not Revenue-Collector.Com.
When you share or recommend links to content on third-party platforms
(such as Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram), that action and any information
you share will be covered by their privacy policy.
Logs
This site uses log files to collect Internet protocol (IP) addresses,
browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
platform type, and date/time stamp. We use this information to analyze
site usage, administer the site, understand usage and navigation trends,
and determine the viability of content. This information, is NOT linked
to any personally identifiable information.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. Revenue-Collector.Com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Compensated Affiliate Links
There are affiliate links on this website, if you click those links
and make a purchase I may receive an affiliate commission.
Disclosure: Revenue-Collector.Com is a participant in the eBay Partner
Network, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means
for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to eBay.com.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact:
Dan Harding
Owner, Revenue-Collector.Com
info@revenue-collector.com
P.O. Box 17158
Urbana, IL 61803
USA
© Copyright 2003-2020, DBH. All rights reserved.
Contact Me    Site Map
Privacy Policy
Member of:
Top