http://www.myhumor.org/privacy-policy/
My Clean Humor
Menu
Home
Clean Jokes
Blog
Resources
Clean Joke Archive
Daily Joke E-mail
Sign up to receive daily clean jokes by e-mail (sent out on weekdays, or as frequently as I remember to send them out).
What is MyHumor.org?
Daily Clean Jokes
Kid Safe
Submit a Clean Joke
FAMILY VIDEO
Privacy Policy Statement
for MyHumor.org
This is the web site for MyHumor.org. Our mailing address is:
P.O. Box 821286
North Richland Hills, Texas 76180
USA
We can be reached via e-mail at
webmaster@myhumor.org.
Tracking
Our Web server DOES NOT automatically recognize information regarding the domain or e-mail address of site visitors. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
^ Top
Links
This site contains links to other sites. MyHumor.org is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
^ Top
E-mail
We collect e-mail addresses of those who send us e-mails or use the "Send this joke to a friend" feature. The information we collect is used for internal review or requested contact, and is then discarded. It is used to improve the content of our Web pages, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes or used in any other way. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail to the above address or writing to us at the above address.
^ Top
Ads
To try and bring you offers that may be of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads or provide other services or products on our Web pages and e-mail newsletter(s) and other services. As a result of your visit to our site, these companies may collect non-personally-identifiable information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Commission Junction
LinkShare
Google Adwords
^ Top
Cookies
We do not set any cookies. However, we may in the future set cookies to store user preferences. These cookies will not hold any personal, demographic information. Our advertising partners may set cookies on your computer. Please view their privacy policies by clicking on the advertiser names above to examine their policies regarding cookies.
^ Top
Use of Information
If you supply us with a mailing address or phone number for us to contact you, that information will not be shared with any other entity.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our web site periodically.
^ Top
Security
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving financial data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate computer security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information collected at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above electronic or postal address.
^ Top
$.00
© 1997 to 2015 - MyHumor.org
Site	Map	 - Submit a Clean Joke - Privacy - Advertise - Contact Us