http://www.horizonsunlimited.com/gear-up/motorcycle-terms-and-glossary
Motorcycle and Vehicle Technical Terms Glossary | Horizons Unlimited
Facebook
Twitter
Google
HUBB
Get Inspired
Newsletter
Travel Stories/Blogs
Ride Tales
4 Wheel Tales
Travel Pics
Travel books
Johnsons RTW
Road Heroes! DVD
HUBB
Light the fire!
Just found us? Wondering what this motorcycle adventure travel gig is all about? You've come to the right place!
We peddle dreams, the achievable kind, creating an addiction to overland travel. It all starts here...
Newsletter Travellers stories free to your e-mail inbox!
Travellers Stories / Blogs Exciting, humorous and sometimes terrifying stories from hundreds of intrepid motorcycle adventurers...
Grant & Susan Johnson
Your hosts' own RTW trip, two up on a BMW R80G/S, '87-98. Read our stories from the road...
HUBB Discussion Forums
The Horizons Unlimited Bulletin Board or HUBB is a fact-based forum connecting over 50,000 adventure travellers.
HUBB Intro/FAQ
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the HUBB Intro and FAQ and then:
Register to Post It's free to read, but you get so much more if you register, such as Private Messaging, subscribe to threads and much more...
HUBB Ride Tales Ride reports, whether it's a weekend ride or around the world!
4 Wheels Travel Reports Adventure travel tales from the 4 wheeled side of HU!
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited Presents! Informative and entertaining DVDs to help get you on the road!
The Road Heroes DVD series
helps answer the question - Why Go? Inspirational stories by veteran travellers Greg Frazier (5 times RTW), Peter and Kay Forwood (193 countries), Tiffany Coates (Mongolia Mayhem) and Rene Cormier (University of Gravel Roads).
Calendar pics
From the HU Annual photo contest!
Travel Books Inspirational motorcycle travel books!
Get Ready
Paperwork
Carnet
Shipping the bike
Regional Forums
Route Planning
Motorcycle Tours
Get Ready! DVD
Links
HUBB
Plan your trip!Dreaming of a motorcycle trip to distant climes? This section will help you to plan your trip, whether it's to the next state, country or all the way around the world! Start here!
Why a Bike?
Country Information
GPS Routes and Tracks
Budgeting for your trip
Paperwork for you and your bike
Carnet de Passage Explained
Sample Medical Kit
Planning Schedule
Shipping the Bike
Air vs Sea Shipment
Actual Shipments
Shipping Do's & Dont's
HUBB Discussion Forums
Regional Forums
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Iceland
Middle East
North America
Sahara Travel Forum
sub-Saharan Africa
Central America and Mexico
South America
Northern Asia
Southern Asia
Other Forums
Planning your Route
Trip Transport
Travellers Seeking Travellers
Trip Paperwork
Medical - Insurance, Vaccinations
Money Saving Ideas
Women's Topics
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited presents!
The Achievable Dream 5-part series - the definitive guide on DVD for planning your motorcycle adventure.
Get Ready! covers planning, paperwork, medical and many other topics! "Inspirational and Awesome!" See the trailer here!
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Motorcycle Insurance Providers
Medical Insurance Providers
Medical-Various Useful Links
Tour Companies - Hundreds!
Shipping Companies
Visa Agencies
Carnet Providers
Gear Up
Bike Tech
Bike Want Ads
Bike Swap
Travel Gear
Accessories
4 Wheels
Gear Up! DVD
HUBB
Pack light and save money!
You could just get on a plane with your credit card and passport and buy or rent everything you need when you get there. That includes the bike, riding gear, etc. etc.
But if you do want to take a bike and all your stuff with you, start here: Choosing and outfitting the bike.
Bike Tech
M/C Translation
M/C Terms
Carb adjustment
BMW - various
Bike prep for long distance touring
Chain adjustment & wheel alignment
Suspension: rear shock
Suzuki DR650 (and others) travel prep
Other Gear
Build your own panniers
Equipment...
HUBB Discussion Forums
Bike Forums
Which Bike?
Bodger Fix
Generic Tech
Equipping the Bike
BMW Tech
Yamaha Tech
Suzuki Tech
Honda Tech
Kawasaki Tech
KTM TechTriumph Tech
Other Bikes Tech
Travel Bikes for Sale/Wanted
Bike Swap or Rent
Stuff
Navigation
Reviews
Camping Gear + Clothing
Equipment for Sale/Wanted
Other Forums
4 Wheels
Bicycle Travel
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited presents!
Gear Up! is a 2-DVD set, 6 hours! Which bike is right for me? How do I prepare the bike? What do I need - riding gear, clothing, camping gear, first aid kit, tires, maps, GPS? What don't I need? How do I pack it all? Tips & opinions from over 150 travellers! "This DVD will save you a fortune!" See the trailer here!
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Bike and Equipment
Renting a Bike
Riding Gear
Camping Gear
Travel Gear
M/C Dealers
Model Specific
Technical Tips
M/C Parts and Accessories
On the Road
Shipments DB
Borders
Stay Healthy
Transport
Sleeping and Eating
Repair Shops
On the Road! DVD
Tire Changing! DVD
HUBB
Stay healthy and happy!
So you've done it - got inspired, planned your trip, packed your stuff and you're on the road! This section is about staying healthy, happy and secure on your motorcycle adventure. And crossing borders, war zones or oceans!
Shipping the Bike
Air vs Sea Shipment
Actual Shipments by Travellers
Shipping Do's and Dont's
Enter your Shipment Info!
Shipping parts
Crossing Borders
Border Crossing Tips
Submit your Border Crossing Info!
HUBB Discussion Forums
Staying Safe & Healthy
Travel Advisories News that may affect your plans. Security tips and questions.
Staying Healthy on the Road Medical info, e.g. malaria, shots, find a doctor.
Getting There
Trip Transport - Shipping the bike and yourself
Life on the Road
Recommended sleeping and eating.
Bodger Fix duct tape, bailing wire & WD 40.
Recommended repair shops in all the best places.
Travel Hints and Tips
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited presents!
On the Road! is 5.5 hours of tips and advice you need to cross borders, break down language barriers, overcome culture shock, ship the bike & deal with breakdowns and emergencies."Just makes me want to pack up and go!" See the trailer here!
Tire Changing!Grant demystifies the black art of Tire Changing and Repair to help you STAY on the road! "Very informative and practical." See the trailer here! Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Shipping Companies
Bike Rentals
Accommodation
Parking the bike & gear
Riding Tips
Technical Tips
Connect
Blog on HU!
Communicating
Photo Forum
T Seeks T
Misc Q
HU Bar/Pub
Ladies on the Loose! DVD
HUBB
Keep in touch!
This section will help you to stay connected to your friends and loved ones, and make new friends along the way!
Tell your Travel Story - Blog on HU!
With an HU blog, you'll get a lot more readers than in some obscure corner of the web, it's all set to go, no setup required, and it's free! Start your blog here!
Horizons Unlimited Communities
800+ HU Communities in 115 countries! People who want to meet travellers - yes that's YOU - and can provide local assistance, and may be your new best friends!
Contact a Community
Join your HU Community
Start a new HU Community
HUBB Discussion Forums
Communications Improve your communications with your companion, or with friends and family.
Photo Forum Improve your travel photography, create HU Photo Contest winners!
Travellers seeking Travellers Meet up with other travellers on the road, or find someone to travel with to the ends of the earth!
The HUBB Pub! Always open for casual conversation!
Women's Topics (Open to all!)
Questions that don't fit anywhere else
Make a Difference Tips on fundraising or donating time and energy to a cause.
After the big trip - Was the trip the best - or worst - thing you ever did?
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited Presents
Ladies on the Loose! For the first time ever, a motorcycle travel DVD made for women, by women! These intrepid women share their tips to help you plan your own motorcycle adventure. They also answer the women-only questions, and entertain you with amazing tales from the road! Presented by Lois Pryce, veteran solo traveller through South America and Africa and author of 'Lois on the Loose', and 'Red Tape and White Knuckles.'"It has me all fired up to go out on my own adventure!" See the trailer here!
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Helpful People
Motorcycle Clubs, Events
Events
Why come?
Locations
Discussions
Present!
Volunteer!
Photo Contest
HUBB
Meet your new tribe!
Meet people who don't think you're crazy for wanting to ride your bike to South America or across Asia! They will encourage you, share their experiences and advice on how to do it!
Where are HU Meetings?
HUBB Discussion Forums
HU Travellers Meetings
Join the discussion for your event:
Travellers Meetings - Australia
Travellers Meetings - Europe
Travellers Meetings - North America
Travellers Meetings - UK
Travellers Meetings - Rest of the world
Non-HU Events
Motorcycle Events around the world Post any event of interest to motorcycle travellers here!
Meetings Trailer
HU Meetings are NOT like your typical bike rally! To get a sense of what goes on, watch the meetings trailer here!
Participate!
Tell your story!
Volunteer!
Vendors/Traders sign up here!
Host a meeting!
Photo Contest!
Submit your amazing photos of your trip and win fabulous prizes! Details...
Store
Achievable Dream Online
Achievable Dream DVDs
Membership
Stickers
Travel Books
Calendars
Newsletter
DVDs
HUBB
T-Shirts
Support Horizons Unlimited
Why become an HU Member?
We're not a big multi-national company, just two people who love motorcycle travel and have grown a hobby into a full time job and a labour of love.
When you decide to become a Member, it helps directly support the site. You get additional privileges on the HUBB, access to the Members Private Store, and more to come as we roll out new systems. Of course, you get our sincere thanks, good karma and knowing you're helping to keep the motorcycle travel dream alive. :-)
Contributing Member - $20 annual donation.
Gold Member - $45 annual donation.
Already have an HU account? Become a Contributing or Gold Member here!
T-shirts, Calendars, StickersT-shirts Cotton or synth sweat-wicking t-shirts with the Horizons Unlimited logo on the front and a snappy slogan (changing every year) on the back.
Calendars Featuring the 13 winning photos from the Horizons Unlimited annual motorcycle travel photo contest!
World Map Sticker for Panniers Show your route on your panniers. Great conversation starter when you meet people on the road!
Travel Books Motorcycle and travel books to inspire and inform you!
DVDs - Watch and Learn!
Horizons Unlimited presents!
Achievable Dream
The definitive guide to planning your motorcycle adventure! This insanely ambitious 2-year project has produced an informative and entertaining 5-part, 18 hour DVD series. "The ultimate round the world rider's how-to DVD!" MCN UK.
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Collectors Box Set All 5 DVDs with a custom printed slip case. "The series is 'free' because the tips and advice will save much more than you spend on buying the DVD's."
Road Heroes - "Inspiring and hilarious!"
About HU
New to HU?
Your Hosts
HU Trailer
Press Stories
Advertise with us
Support us
Link to us
Privacy Policy
HUBB
Who are we?
New to HU? Start Here!
New to motorcycle travelling? New to the HU site? Confused? Too many options? It's really very simple - just 4 easy steps!
What turns you on to motorcycle travel? Meet some of your fellow travellers! See the trailer!
Your Hosts
Grant & Susan are veteran motorcycle travellers - RTW north to south, two up on a 1986 BMW R80 G/S.
Read our stories from the road...
The bike is unique and has its own story...
Press stories about us
Our 'Rules of the Road'- things we have learned about travelling, usually the hard way!
Trip Photo album 500+ images
Advertisers & Supporters
Advertisers - Horizons Unlimited is well-established as the first source of reliable, unbiased information on all aspects of motorcycle travel.
We reach a dedicated, worldwide group of real travellers, and are the only website focusing exclusively on long distance motorcycle travellers.
If you sell motorcycles or motorcycle accessories, riding gear, camping equipment and clothing, transport motorcycles, organize motorcycle tours, or have motorcycles to rent, you should be advertising with us!
Become an HU Member and Supporter! Help keep your favorite website going and get additional HUBB privileges!
Already have an account? Become a Contributing Member here.
Contact Us
Contact Us / Website Feedback
Link to us and get a link back!
Get your Horizons Unlimited business card!
Privacy Policy
Find us on social networks
Destinations
Travel Stories
Home Gear Up Motorcycle and Vehicle Technical Terms Glossary
Motorcycle and Vehicle Technical Terms Glossary
So what's a cardan? Or an easy out? Or a burr? Or lateral runout? Or an oil slinger? Or a zener diode? It's all in here the HU Motorcycle and Vehicle Technical Terms Glossary!(an alphabetical list of technical terms in some specialized field of knowledge!)Got any more to add? Please contact me!This is a permanent work in progress! And you can add to it! Please contact me with your additions.Also see:Motorcycle and Vehicle Tech Terms TranslationAll those tech words you NEED for vehicle travel, but just aren't in the common phrasebook! Brakes, engine parts and much much more!Language: Common Phrases for the road"On the road" phrases; Where's a gas station? The engine won't start! Can I park here?All the "road" phrases you're unlikely to find in the common phrases book for the backpacker!Motorcycle Technical Terms GlossaryACalternating current (output from the alternator is AC, same as your household wall socket) - electrical current which constantly reverses direction and polarity.AC weldingarc welding welding method which uses alternating current to provide heat for melting and fusion of metal parts.accelerator pumpa small pump that squirts fuel into throat of carburetor as throttle is opened.accessory systempart of electrical system consisting of lights, horn, electrical starter, turn signals, and warning systems.additiveschemical compounds used to alter characteristics of lubricating oils and fuels.air boxplastic, fibreglass or metal box mounted between carburetor and air filter. This box provides a volume of still, filtered air for induction into the engine.air coolinguse of fins to dissipate heat from part into air.air filtera device with paper, oiled foam, oiled gauze or wire mesh to prevent entry of dirt or foreign particles into engine through air intake.air-fuel mixturefinely atomized mist of air and fuel necessary for combustion. This mixture consists of approximately 15 parts air to 1 part fuel (15:1) at cruising speeds.air jeta small jet in air passage of a carburetor. This jet meters amount of air fed to diffuser in an air-bleed type carburetor.alternating current(AC) electrical current which constantly reverses direction and polarity.alternatora crankshaft driven electrical generator that produces alternating current which must be rectified to DC current.ammeteran instrument for measuring current flow in electrical circuits.ampere(amp) electrical unit used to measure flow.arc weldinga type of welding which uses an electric arc to produce necessary heat. Melting of base metal and welding rod to join two parts. Also known as electric-arc welding.armatureportion of a DC generator housing generating coils.asbestosheat resistant material commonly used in brake and clutch lining. It is a known cancer causing substance if inhaled.atomizedtiny particles of fuel mixed with air, making fine mist.automatic transmissiona transmission not using a manually operated clutch.backbone frameframe which uses the engine as a structural member, with the frame over the top of the engine.backlashthe clearance between mesh of two gears.ball and rampa clutch release mechanism made of two stamped plates with three or four ramps. As one plate is rotated by clutch cable, balls climb ramps, forcing plates apart. This movement disengages clutch.ball bearingan antifriction bearing consisting of inner and outer races separated by hardened steel balls.battery and coil ignition systeman ignition system with a battery as the source of primary ignition current.battery-powered electric systeman electrical system having a lead-acid battery as a source of power. The battery is recharged by a charging system using either a generator or alternator.battery-supported CDIcapacitive discharge ignition system which uses a battery to supply primary ignition current.bearinga part in which a journal, shaft or pivot turns or moves.bearing preloadamount of static pressure exerted on a bearing or a set of bearings. Preload is usually adjusted by a threaded collar or shims.bearing spacera piece of tubing used between wheel bearing inner races to prevent unwanted bearing preload as the axle is tightened.bench grindera power grinder with round abrasive stones mounted on either end of a special electric motor, for rough grinding of ferrous metals.bleeder-type needle circuitair from carburetor air jet is mixed with fuel in body of needle jet making an air-fuel froth. The mixture is then metered into throat of carburetor by jet needle and needle jet.blow-bywhen piston rings do not effectively seal combustion pressure, allowing hot gases to blow between rings and cylinder wall. This causes overheating of piston and poor performance.boring bara machine tool used to accurately enlarge a cylinder bore.bottom dead centre (BDC)lowest piston position in cylinder.brake actuator camsmall cam that pivots in brake backing plate and forces brake shoe into brake drum.brake caliperpart of a disc brake which holds friction pads and encloses disc. As brake is applied, hydraulic fluid forces a piston in calipers toward disc, causing disc to be pinched between brake pads.brake disca round, flat disc made of steel or cast iron. It is mounted on outside of wheel hub.brake druma circular ring of cast iron that is part of wheel hub. It provides a place for brake lining to be applied.brake linespecial hydraulic tubing made of steel, plastic and reinforced rubber. Hydraulic brake lines must be capable of withstanding extreme pressure without deforming.brake lininga special high friction material made of asbestos and other materials bonded to brake shoes and brake pad plates. Brake lining produces friction and heat when it is forced against brake drum or disc.brake padssmall circular or square asbestos inserts in a wheel caliper. They produce friction and heat when forced against the disc.brake shoea cast aluminum, half-circular shoe that holds a bonded brake lining material. When brake is applied, shoe forces lining into brake drum.brake wear indicatorindex grooves, tabs, or reference lines to indicate amount of brake lining or pad wear.brazingtype of welding using a brass alloy filler rod.bridged portsa vertical port division in a two-stroke cycle engine cylinder which allows use of a large port without danger of ring or piston catching.burra small, rotating cutter mounted in a rotary grinder and used for metal removal (rotary file). Also, sharp, rough area around a drilled hole.butterfly-controlled carburetora carburetor using a flat plate between venturi and intake manifold to regulate airflow through carburetor.bypass valvevalve which allows fluid to flow around normal path of flow, used in oil filters.cam followercomponents in valve train that rides on cam lobe.cam groundoval shape of a piston to control and compensate for expansion.cam lobeprotrusion on a camshaft that causes valve train parts to move as camshaft rotates.cam plateflat plate with slots that engage pins on shift forks. As plate is rotated, slots cause shift forks to move sliding gears or dogs, causing engagement and disengagement of gearbox ratios.camshaftshaft with protruding eccentric lobes. As camshaft rotates, lobes cause reciprocating movement of other valve train parts.carburetordevice that mixes and delivers proper amount of air and fuel to engine at a ratio of approximately 15 parts air to 1 part fuel.cast alloy wheela one piece wheel made of cast aluminum or magnesium alloy. This design is more rigid than wire spoked wheel.cast-in sleevean aluminum cylinder block cast around an iron cylinder sleeve.cast iron cylindera one piece cylinder assembly made of cast iron with a machined bore.cast pistona piston made by pouring molten aluminum alloy into a mould of desired shape.cavitationinadequate lubrication caused by air taking place of oil in pump.CDI voltage amplifiera device, used in a battery powered capacitive discharge ignition system, that steps up battery voltage to provide high primary ignition voltage.centre of gravitypoint at which any object is perfectly balanced.centrifugal clutchclutch engaged by centrifugal force as engine speeds up.centrifugal oil slingercup-shaped centrifugal oil filter mounted to end of camshaft. As oil passes through slinger, centrifugal force removes impurities that are heavier than oil.chain driveuse of a chain and sprocket to connect gearbox output shaft to rear wheel.chain stretchwear of pins and bushings of a roller or hy-vo chain, causing chain to lengthen.chamferto bevel an edge of an object or to chamfer edges of port openings in a two-stroke cycle cylinder to prevent piston ring breakage.check valvea spring-loaded ball or piston valve that allows flow only in one direction.chemical regulatorvoltage regulator with solid state electronic devices to regulate charging system output.circlipa circular clip or snap ring that fits into a groove, used to locate or retain a shaft or component.circuitan electrical path from a power source, through wire, to components, and back to source.clearanceamount of space between two adjacent parts.close-ratio gearboxa gearbox with gear ratios spaced close together.clutchdevice used to connect and disconnect engine power to gearbox input shaft.clutch basketpart of clutch assembly containing clutch plates. Primary drive gear engages teeth on outside of clutch basket.clutch holdertool to secure clutch basket and clutch hub while loosening or tightening clutch security nut or primary drive gear nut.clutch hubpart of clutch that engages with plain driven clutch plates. Clutch hub is mounted on gearbox input shaft.clutch pressure platepart of a clutch assembly providing pressure against clutch disc or clutch plates.clutch release mechanismmechanism that moves clutch pressure plate away from clutch pack, allowing clutch to slip.coated borethin coating of chrome or iron applied to inside of cylinder by electroplating or wire explosion spray coating.coil build-upbuild-up of a magnetic field while current is flowing through primary windings of coil.cold soak cleanera strong cleaning solvent used to dissolve and remove varnish on carburetor parts.colour codeuse of different base colours and coloured tracers on insulation of electrical wire for purpose of identification.combustionburning of air-fuel mixture in combustion chamber.combustion chamberarea of cylinder head and cylinder above piston where combustion of air-fuel mixture takes place.common sumpsame oil is used to lubricate engine, gearbox, and primary drive.compressionincreased pressure caused as volume is reduced. Also, movement of suspension components against spring pressure caused by a force against the wheel.compression gaugegauge which measures cranking pressure between piston and upper cylinder.compression ringpiston ring designed to seal pressure between piston and upper cylinder.compression strokemovement of piston from BDC (bottom dead centre) to TDC (top dead centre) with valves closed, compressing air-fuel mixture for more violent combustion.concentricwhen two or more circular parts have same centre line.condenser (capacitor)two metal sheets separated by an insulator used to store an electrical charge.conical huba wheel hub (wire wheel) with spoke holes on brake side of wheel at a greater distance from centre of hub than spoke holes on opposite side of hub.connecting roda rod made of steel or aluminum or titanium, usually having an I-beam cross section. It connects piston to crankshaft.connecting rod kita parts kit consisting of connecting rod, crank pin, thrust washers and roller bearings, used in reconditioning of assembled crankshafts.connecting rod tipamount of radial (side) play at top of connecting rod. Measurement of rod tip is one way of determining condition of rod big end bearing.contact pointsswitching device used to start and stop flow of current.continuitya continuous path for current flow.conventional rear suspensionsuspension used on dual-purpose and road bikes which provides less than 6 in. (152 mm) of suspension travel.cooling finsprojections on cylinder heads, cylinders and crankcases to increase surface area for more efficient heat dissipation into air.countershaft sprocketoutput sprocket from gearbox. Mounted on output shaft in indirect drive gearbox and on high gear pinion in direct drive gearbox.cradle frameframe built of tubing which supports and surrounds engine.crankcasecastings that support and contain the crankshaft, primary drive and gearbox.crankcase leak testpressure test done to a two-stroke cycle engine to determine if crankcase is properly sealed.crankpinpin or journal on which big-end of connecting rod rides.crankshaft axlesextensions at each end of crankshaft to provide a mounting place for main bearings, primary drive or sprocket, and alternator rotor or magneto flywheel.crankshaft reconditioningreplacement of worn lower-end components in an assembled crankshaft. This involves pressing crankshaft apart, replacing crankpin, roller bearing, thrust washer, and connecting rod, pressing crankshaft back together and trueing it (assembled crankshaft).crankshaft wheelportions of an assembled crankshaft that provides a mounting place for crankpin and crank axles.current flowmovement of electrons through a conductor.cyclea series of events which take place during a specific interval.cylindera machined hole in cylinder block for piston, open at both ends.cylinder blockcasting attached to crankcase which contains cylinder bore, cooling fins or water jacket, and provides a means of mounting cylinder head.cylinder borediameter of cylinder opening.cylinder boringbore diameter machined (bored) to accept oversized piston. This renews a worn cylinder.cylinder deglazinguse of a hone to slightly roughen walls of cylinder. It produces a crosshatch pattern which aids in seating of new rings.cylinder headcasting that seals top of cylinder and provides a mounting place for spark plug. In four-stroke cycle engine, cylinder head also contains intake and exhaust ports. Both two- and four-stroke cycle engines also have combustion chamber built into cylinder head.cylinder honinguse of a parallel type cylinder hone to size a cylinder after boring. Proper cylinder honing provides proper texture and crosshatch.cylinder linercast iron sleeve or tube pressed or cast into cylinder block to provide bore which piston moves in.damperdevice which uses oil metered through orifices to control abrupt suspension movement during extension and compression.damper rodtube secured to bottom of each fork slider to hold slider onto fork leg. Damper rod controls movement of front suspension by metering hydraulic fluid through orifices in rod.decarbonizeto remove carbon build-up on piston, combustion chamber, and other parts.depth micrometera precision measuring tool used to take measurements of stepped surfaces.detergent oilan oil which keeps particles and contaminants in suspension and has ability to neutralize acids resulting from combustion process.detonationa condition where excessive temperature of air-fuel mixture in combustion chamber causes uncontrolled explosive burning. As detonated flame front collides with flame front initiated by spark plug, extreme pressure is often heard as "pinging" or "knocking." Detonation can be caused by incorrect ignition timing, lean air-fuel ratio, and improper fuel.diagnosisprocess of determining cause of a failure.dial bore gaugea precision measuring tool which combines a telescoping gauge and dial indicator to give readings of inside diameter measurements.dial calipera precision measuring tool used to determine inside, outside, or depth measurements. Measurements are displayed on a dial index.dial indicatora precision measuring tool using a dial index to show linear movement of components being measured.diaphragma thin flexible disc of rubberized fabric which separates two cavities and uses vacuum or pressure for activation.diaphragm springa slightly cone shaped metal disc which acts as a clutch pressure plate spring when flattened.diffusera projection in base of carburetor venturi and at top of needle jet that aids in fuel atomization.diodea solid state electronic device that permits current flow in only one direction.direct bearing lubricationan oil injection system which feeds undiluted oil to two-stroke cycle engine main bearings and rod big-end nearing.direct currenta continuous flow of current in same direction.direct drive gearboxpower is transferred from clutch to input shaft (main shaft), to layshaft, to high gear pinion, which has output sprocket mounted on it.disc brakea brake consisting of a flat circular disc attached to a wheel. A hydraulic or mechanical caliper applies pressure to two brake pads to slow or stop disc rotation.DOHC (double-overhead camshaft)two camshafts located in cylinder head (one for intake, one for exhaust).double-leading shoea drum brake having two leading shoes and no trailing shoes. Each shoe has its own activating cam and pivot.double-piston calipera hydraulic brake caliper with two pistons and provisions for applying hydraulic pressure equally to both pistons. The caliper body is fixed solidly.double-row chaina chain having two rows of rollers. Duplex (double-row) chains are used for primary drives.drive platea clutch plate which is indexed into clutch basket (outer hub) by tabs. Drive plate has friction material bonded to its surface. When clutch is engaged, drive plate transfers power to driven plate.driven platea clutch plate which is indexed onto clutch inner hub by tabs or splines around its inside diameter. Driven plate is usually a plain plate (no friction material) and drives gearbox input shaft through clutch inner hub.drum brakea brake consisting of two brake shoes mounted on a backing plate. One or two cams cause shoes to expand against inside of brake drum. Brake drum is part of hub or is bolted to hub.dry clutcha clutch assembly that does not run in an oil bath.dry sumpin this system, oil is gravity fed to supply side of oil pump from a remote oil tank. After oil has been pumped through fourstroke cycle engine, it is returned to oil tank by return side of oil pump.dual-rate charging systema charging system that switches extra coils into charging system when lights are turned on.dwelllength of time, in crankshaft degrees, that ignition contact points are closed.dykes piston ringa piston ring with an L-shaped cross section designed to use combustion pressure to improve sealing.dynamic ignition timinguse of a strobe light to check ignition timing with engine running.electric arc weldingsee arc welding.electrodesconductors at centre and side of spark plug that provide an air gap for an electric arc to start combustion process in engine.electrolytea solution of dilute sulphuric acid used to provide a chemical reaction in a lead-acid battery.electromagneta magnet which produces a magnetic field by passing electrical current through a coil wire wrapped around a soft iron core.electromagnetalternator an alternator which uses electromagnet to produce a magnetic field.electromotive force (EMF)force that causes electricity to flow because of a difference in potential between two points.electronic ignition systeman ignition system which uses a magnetic triggering device and solid state amplifier rather than conventional contact points.element filtera disposable oil or air filter that uses gauze or paper as filtering material.elliptical port shaperounded port shape designed to prevent ring catching in large ports of two-stroke cycle engine.emissionsbyproducts of a running engine, including: exhaust pollutants, noise emissions.endless chaina roller chain without a master link for connections of ends. All pin links are permanently riveted.enginea machine that converts chemical energy into mechanical energy.English measurement systema measurement using the foot (12 in.) as a standard.enrichment circuita carburetor system with a plunger to open and close an air-fuel circuit which discharges a rich mixture into throat of carburetor for cold starting.eroded piston (crown)a condition caused by detonation or pre-ignition where temperatures are raised so high that part of piston crown is melted away.exhaust portan opening or passage which directs flow of exhaust gases out of engine. In a four-stroke cycle, it is located in the head. With a two-stroke cycle, it is in the cylinder.exhaust (port) timingamount of time two-stroke cycle exhaust port is open, expressed in crankshaft degrees or piston travel.exhaust strokewith a four-stroke cycle engine, it is movement of piston from BDC to TDC with exhaust valve open, pushing burned gases out of cylinder.extensionthe return or stretching outward of suspension components (after compression) caused by spring pressure.fastenera device used to attach one part or assembly to another (nut and bolt, screw, rivet, etc.).feeler gaugea measuring tool made of steel blades of precise thickness used for measuring distance between surfaces.field coila electromagnet used in DC generator or AC generator to produce a magnetic field.filler roda metal rod that is melted into welding puddle to provide necessary bead thickness.film strengthability of an oil to keep moving parts from making contact with each other.final drivechains and sprockets or shafts and gears used to connect the gearbox output shaft to rear wheel.flange-mounted carburetora carburetor mounted by a flange. The flange is bolted to a manifold on cylinder or cylinder head. An insulator block and a gasket are used to seal and insulate carburetor.float assemblya carburetor device consisting of plastic or hollow brass floats attached to an arm. This assembly pivots on a pin and raises and lowers, opening and closing float needle to control fuel level in float bowl.float levellevel of fuel maintained in carburetor float bowl. Controlled by float, float needle and seat.float needle and seata carburetor valve, opened and closed by the float, that lets fuel into float bowl from fuel line.fluid pressure gaugegauge for measuring fluid pressure in a system such as oil pressure or fuel pressure.flywheela weight attached to an engine crankshaft, providing crankshaft with added inertia. This helps to smooth out abrupt movement of crankshaft during power stroke and to keep crankshaft turning during non-power producing events.flywheel magnetmagnet mounted on side of flywheel in a flywheel magneto.flywheel magneto ignition systeman AC ignition system using a generating coil or a magnetic trigger (CDI) or contact points as well as a flywheel to provide primary ignition current and triggering. An external ignition coil is used to provide secondary current.foamingundesirable characteristic of oil being whipped into a froth (air and oil solution).foot-poundamount of work required to lift one pound one foot, used to express torque.forged pistona piston made by hammering hot aluminum into a mould of desired shape.fork slidersouter portion of fork which slides over fork leg inner.fork tubeslong sturdy tubes usually attached to triple clamps and fitted inside fork sliders. Can also be fitted to front wheel on some modern bikes (upside down forks)four-stroke cycleone cycle consisting of four distinct events, intake, compression, power, exhaust. One cycle requires two revolutions of crankshaft.frictionresistance to movement between two objects contacting each other, causes heat.friction platesee drive plate.fuel filtera small filter designed to remove dirt and water from fuel before it reaches carburetor or injection system. Filters may be made of metal or plastic screen, paper and gauze. Filters may be located at fuel tank, in fuel line, or at carburetor.fuel linea flexible fuel resistant hose that carries fuel from fuel petcock to carburetor.fuel petcockan on-off valve located at bottom of fuel tank. It may provide for reserve fuel supply and may have a filter screen and sediment bowl. Fuel line to carburetor is attached to fuel petcock.fuel pumpa diaphragm or electric device that maintains proper fuel pressure to carburetor or injection system. A fuel pump must be used when fuel tank is located lower than carburetor and with all injection systems.fuel systemsystem which stores, filters, and regulates flow of fuel to engine. It consists of fuel tank, fuel valve, fuel filters, fuel lines, air filter, carburetor, and carburetor mounting.fuel tanka reservoir used to store fuel for delivery to engine.full-wave rectifiera rectifier that converts AC to DC by inverting negative portion of AC sine wave.fusea device used to protect electrical circuits from overloading. A link in fuse melts and opens circuit if current is above normal rating.gas-charged shock absorbera shock absorber using a pressurized gas such as nitrogen to help prevent changes in damping as shock absorber heats up.gearboxa series of shafts and gears which varies ratio of engine to rear wheel speed. Motorcycle gearboxes use from two to seven speeds or ratios.gearbox indexera plunger and spring or pivoted lever that indexes into dimples or slots in shift drum or cam plate. It provides positive positioning of shift drum or cam plate in each gear.gear oil pumpan oil pump with gear type teeth to move oil.gear ratioratio of rotation of rotating part compared to another rotating part.generatora device which converts mechanical energy into electrical energy, producing direct current (DC).graduated cylindera container, calibrated in cubic centimetres or millimetres used for accurate measurement of fluids such as fork oil and gearbox oil.gusseta reinforcing plate or boxed section used to prevent flexing of frame or swing arm.half-wave rectifiera rectifier which blocks one-half of AC sine wave to convert AC into DC.heat transfermovement of heat from one area to another.heliarc weldinga type of electric arc welding which uses inert gas to shield area around arc.helical geara gear having teeth that are slightly angled. Helical gears (used for primary drives) are quiet in operation, but absorb a slight amount of power due to side thrust.hemispherical combustion chambera combustion chamber shaped like a round dome, allowing use of large valves placed opposite each other in chamber.high-gear piniontop gear on main shaft in direct drive gearbox. All ratios drive through high-gear pinion, which has output sprocket mounted to it.holed pistona condition caused by severe detonation or pre-ignition, where a hole is eaten or burned through crown of piston as a result of extreme heat and pressure.horsepower (h.p.)a unit for measuring the power of engines, motors, etc.; 1 h.p. equals 550 foot-pounds per second.hydraulic brakea braking system using hydraulic fluid, piston, and cylinders to provide extremely high pressure for brake application.hydraulic clutcha system which uses hydraulic pressure to disengage clutch.hy-vo chaina very strong chain made up of toothed plates positioned side by side and held together by pins. Advantage of this type of chain is great strength and quiet operation.idle mixtureair-fuel ratio with throttle twist grip closed. Idle mixture is controlled by pilot jet and pilot adjustment screw in carburetor or computer in electronic fuel injection system.ignition coila step-up transformer that uses induction to increase battery voltage to over 20, 000 volts.ignition-generating coilcoil in a flywheel magneto that provides primary ignition current.ignition systempart of the electrical system responsible for providing a high voltage at proper time to ignite air-fuel mixture. Battery and coil, electronic, magneto, and CDI are the four systems commonly used.impellerfinned wheel that produces pressure and flow when spun in enclosed housing of oil pump or water pump.indirect drive gearboxa gearbox where power is transferred from clutch to input shaft to output shaft. Output shaft has a sprocket mounted on one end.inductionproduction of current flow resulting from magnetic field cutting through a conductor.inertiatendency of a stationary object to resist movement or tendency of a moving object to continue moving in same direction.injection systeman oil pump and oil lines that deliver oil to a two-stroke cycle engine as it is needed. Also, fuel system which meters gasoline into engine intake ports.in-line cylinderscylinders positioned in a row or side by side.in-line filtera small fuel or oil filter that replaces a section of line or hose.input shaftshaft of a gear box which carries power into gearbox. Clutch assembly is mounted on gearbox input shaft.inside micrometera precision measurement tool used to take accurate measurements of inside surfaces.insulator blocka fibre or rubber block that insulates carburetor from engine heat, used with flange-mounted carburetors.intake manifolda sleeve or flange made of rubber or metal to attach carburetor to intake port.intake portan opening or passage that directs flow of air-fuel mixture into engine. In a four-stroke cycle engine, intake port is located in cylinder head. In a two-stroke cycle engine, intake port is located in cylinder or crankcase.intake strokein a four-stroke cycle engine, movement of piston from TDC to BDC with intake valve open, drawing air-fuel mixture into cylinder.intake timingamount of time two-stroke cycle engine intake port is open, expressed in crankshaft degrees or piston position.internal combustion enginean engine that burns fuel inside rather than outside engine, as does a steam engine (external combustion engine).jeta carburetor component, usually made of brass, which meters flow of fuel to venturi. Fuel is metered by a small hole drilled through centre of jet.junction blocka device that transfers action of a single cable to two or more cables.keyparallel-sided piece inserted into groove cut part way into each of two parts, which locates and prevents slippage between parts. Also known as a woodruff key.keystone piston ringa piston ring with a tapered cross-section designed to use combustion pressure to aid in sealing.kinetic energyenergy associated with motion. An internal combustion engine produces kinetic energy (crankshaft rotation).lateral runoutside-to-side movement (wobble) of a wheel rim.lathea machine tool used to spin, cut, and shape a metal part with a movable cutting tool.lay shaftsecond shaft in a direct drive gearbox. It transfers power from input shaft to high gear pinion.leanan air-fuel ratio that contains extra air compared to fuel.lever and pivota clutch release mechanism in which a pivoted lever attached to clutch cable disengages clutch by pushing plate away from clutch plates, allowing them to slip. Lever and pivot may act directly on pressure plate or through a push rod.liftera hard surface shaft with a radius or roller at one end that rides on cam lobe.liquid coolinguse of liquid piped through water jackets, thermostat, and radiator to dissipate heat.long travel rear suspensionsuspension used on current competition dirt bikes to provide more than 6 in. (15 cm) of travel.lower endportion of an engine from cylinder base downward, including connecting rods.lubricating filma thin coating of lubricant (oil) that prevents contact between moving parts.lubricationuse of lubricants (oil, grease) to reduce friction.magnetic fieldinvisible lines of force surrounding a magnet or a conductor with current flowing through it.magnetisman invisible force that attracts ferrous metals.magnetosee flywheel magneto.magneto-supported CDIa capacitive discharge ignition using a generating coil in magneto to produce primary ignition current.main fuel circuitcarburetor circuit that controls air-fuel ratio from three-fourths to full throttle opening. Main jet meters fuel in this circuit.main jeta carburetor fuel metering jet, usually mounted at base of carburetor body, to control air-fuel ratio from three-fourths to full throttle.manifold injectioninjector oil is pumped into the intake port of two-cycle engine.master cylindercomponents in a braking system that produces hydraulic pressure for system.master linka pin link that has one removable side plate located by a clip, or is staked (punched) in place. This allows a convenient way of separating chain.mating partstwo or more parts that contact each other during operation and set up wear patterns.mechanical brakea braking system that uses a mechanical advantage by way of levers and cables or rods to apply brakes. A braking system not using hydraulic fluids or hydraulics.mechanical calipera disc brake caliper actuated by a lever and cam rather than hydraulic fluid.mechanical voltage regulatora voltage regulator using an electromagnet to open or close contact points, varying output of a DC generator or electromagnet alternator.metric systema measurement system that uses the meter (39.37 in.) as a standard.mild port timingtwo-stroke cycle engine ports open for a relatively short time, providing for a broad power band.motorcyclea two-wheeled vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine.multi-grade oilan oil that flows like a thin oil when cold, but lubricates like a thicker oil when hot. For example, 10W40 at 0<F (-18<C) flows like a 10W oil; at 210< F (99<C), it flows like a 40W oil.multi-plate clutcha clutch assembly using more than one driving plate and more than one driven plate.multiple portsuse of many small transfer ports rather than two large ports in two-stroke cycle cylinder. This can give improved scavenging.needle bearingan antifriction bearing utilizing hardened steel rollers between hardened races or parts.needle circuitcarburetor circuit that controls air-fuel ratio from one-fourth to three-fourths throttle opening. The jet needle and needle jet meter fuel flow in this circuit.negative terminalwith an excess amount of electrons which flow toward positive terminal.neutral indicator switcha switch, usually mounted on end of shift drum, which completes circuit of neutral indicator light when gearbox is in neutral.non-primary kickstarta kickstart system using gearbox input shaft and clutch hub to connect kickstart lever to crankshaft. For starting, gearbox must be in neutral and clutch engaged.non-unit constructionengine design with separate engine crankcase and gearbox case.nylon screw clutch releasea clutch release mechanism that uses a coarse, square threaded nylon screw for clutch disengagement.ohmunit used to measure resistance in an electrical circuit or component.ohmmeteran instrument that measures resistance.oil bathoil level is just high enough so it splashes around inside case or housing. Lubricates gearbox, primary drive ass well as ring and piston.oil control ringpiston ring designed to remove excess oil from cylinder wall, usually bottom ring.oil pumpa device that provides oil under pressure for engine lubrication.oil pump bleedingremoval of air from supply line and pump in a two-stroke cycle oil injection system.oil slingera circular, lipped disc used in direct bearing oil injection to feed oil to rod big end.opposed cylinderscylinders positioned opposite each other in same plane.O-ringa ring made of neoprene that is used to provide a positive seal. It usually fits into a groove slightly shallower than O-ring, and mated against a flat surface to provide a seal for oil, fuel, or air.O-ring chainroller chain that uses O-rings to permanently seal lubricant into area between pins and bushings.out of roundnesscylinder wear caused by piston thrust. This results in wear to front and back of cylinder. Cylinder wears oval shaped rather than round.output shaftgearbox shaft that transmits power to final drive at a selected ratio.outside micrometera precision measuring tool for taking accurate measurements between outside surfaces.overall gear ratioratio of crankshaft revolutions to rear wheel revolutions.overflow tubea tube that is open at both ends and mounted in bottom of carburetor float bowl. If float sticks or float needle does not seat properly, excess fuel flow out overflow tube rather than into throat of carburetor.oxidized oiloil that has been chemically combined with oxygen as a result of excessive heat, oil agitation or exposure to combustion contaminants.oxyacetylene (gas) weldinga type of welding (metal fusion) which burns a mixture of oxygen and acetylene to provide a high temperature flame.parallel circuita circuit where current is provided to each component independently (each component has own ground). The failure of one component does not affect rest of circuit.permanent magnet alternatoran alternator using permanent magnets to produce a magnetic field for AC production.pilot air screwa screw mounted on side of carburetor that allows fine adjustment of air-fuel ratio in pilot circuit of slide type carburetor.pilot circuita carburetor circuit that provides proper air-fuel ratio from approximately zero to one-eighth throttle opening. It basically consists of a pilot jet, pilot air screw or pilot fuel screw, and a pilot discharge port.pilot jetjet that meters fuel for pilot circuit.pinion geara small gear that either drives or is driven by a larger gear.piston blocka slotted block used to support pistons for cylinder installation. Also, may be used in conjunction with a piston pin to lock camshaft.piston (braking system)a moveable part of a master cylinder or wheel caliper. Master cylinder piston produces pressure and caliper piston applies that pressure to brake disc, slowing or stopping wheel.piston crowntop of piston, directly exposed to combustion pressure and heat.piston (engine)a cylindrical part, closed at one end, which moves up and down in cylinder. Open end is attached to connecting rod. Combustion pressure is exerted on closed end of piston, causing connecting rod to move and camshaft to turn.piston pin bossa strengthened section of piston extending to inside of piston crown. It supports piston pin.piston pin holemachined hole through piston wall where piston pin and retaining circlips are mounted.piston porttwo-stroke cycle piston skirt used to control intake port opening and closing.piston ring (compression)a split cast iron band, sometimes chrome plated, designed to seal combustion pressure above piston.piston ring end gapdistance between ends of a piston ring when installed in cylinder. This clearance is measured with a feeler gauge. Ring must be straight in cylinder as if installed on piston.piston ring groovegroove machined in piston to accept piston rings.piston ring (oil control)a split cast iron or steel band used to scrape excess oil from cylinder wall. Sometimes designed as a three-piece unit.piston seizureoverheating of piston to point where it will no longer move freely in cylinder.piston skirtpart of piston below bottom ring and pin boss.plain bearinga split or circular type bearing in which a part slides, turns, or pivots.plain platesee driven plate.plunger oil pumpan oil pump that uses a piston, or plunger, and check valves to move oil.polaritydirection of current flow.port windowport opening in a two-stroke cycle engine cylinder wall.positiveelectrical terminal having a deficiency of electrons and attracts electrons from negative terminal, causing current flow.positive carburetor linkagea carburetor linkage designed to positively open and close one or more carburetor throttles, actuated by one cable for opening and another cable for closing.powerability to do work or rate of work being done.power strokein four-stroke cycle engine, movement of piston from TDC to BDC with intake and exhaust valves closed, after ignition and combustion of compressed air-fuel mixture.power transmissiona system of gears, chains, sprockets, and shafts that transfers power from crankshaft to rear wheel in varying ratios.power transmission shock absorbera compensator cam, rubber pads, or springs in primary drive, gearbox, drive shaft, or rear wheel, provides means of cushioning loading of gearbox.preignitionpremature ignition cause by "hot spots" in combustion chamber that ignite air-fuel mixture before spark plug "fires." This causes uncontrolled combustion and rapidly raises piston and cylinder head temperatures (similar to detonation).premixtwo-stroke cycle engine lubrication provided by oil mixed with fuel in fuel tank.pressed-in sleevecast iron cylinder sleeve in interference fit into aluminum cylinder block.primary chain drivea primary drive design that uses a chain and sprocket to transfer engine power from crankshaft to clutch.primary driveuse of chain, gear, or belt drive to connect crankshaft to clutch and gearbox into shaft.primary ignition circuitsection of ignition circuit including contact points, condenser, and primary windings of ignition coil, power supply (battery or ignition generating coil), kill switch, ignition switch, and related wiring.primary kickstarta kickstart system that connects kickstart lever to crankshaft through clutch basket. Gearbox can be in gear for starting if clutch is disengaged.primary reductiona gear reduction usually about three to one, accomplished by primary drive.primary-type needle circuitfuel metered by clearance between jet needle and needle jet is partially mixed with air from air jet and discharged into venturi of carburetor.primary windinghundreds of turns of wire in an ignition coil to provide build-up and collapse of a magnetic field, including voltage in secondary.profilecontour or shape of camshaft lobe.push rod (pushrod)in four-stroke cycle engine, push rods provide means of transferring tappet movement to rocker arm, which opens valves.rack and pinion clutch releasea clutch release mechanism using pinion gear and a rack gear to disengage clutch.radial runoutup and down movement of a rotating part (wheel rim, flywheel, etc.).radiatora heat exchanger that reduces coolant temperature in a liquid cooling system.radical port timingports open for a relatively long period of time.rear housingan aluminum case which provides a mounting place for shaft drive ring and pinion gears. This housing is sealed and carries oil that lubricates ring and pinion gears.reciprocating weightweight of any engine parts moving back and forth while engine is running: pistons, rings, piston pin and circlips, push rods, valves.rectifiera device that converts AC (alternating current) into DC (direct current) for battery charging.reed cagean aluminum frame providing a mounting place for reed petals in two-stroke cycle engine.reed petalsmovable parts of reed valve assembly.reed valvea one-way valve place in intake port of a two-stroke cycle engine. It prevents backward flow of crankcase air-fuel mixture.regulatora device that controls alternator or generator charging current to battery.relief valvea spring-loaded valve that regulates maximum pressure of enclosed system.resistancecharacteristic of an electrical circuit to resist flow of current, measured in ohms.richan air-fuel ratio that contains extra fuel compared to air.ridgean unworn portion or ledge at the top of cylinder formed above end of ring travel.rim offsetdistance a wheel rim is set off-centre (lateral) to a wheel hub. Rim offset is sometimes needed for drive sprocket clearance.rim stripa rubber strip installed around centre of a wire wheel rim to protect inner tube from being punctured by spokes.ring and pinion contact patternarea of contact between teeth of ring gear and teeth of pinion gear. Checked with red lead.ring geara large gear in shaft drive housing. It is driven by pinion gear.ring landsolid area of piston which supports rings, located between ring grooves.rocker arma pivoted arm that converts upward movement of push rod to downward movement of valve.roller bearingan antifriction bearing consisting of hardened steel inner and outer races, separated by hardened steel rollers.roller chaina chain made up of pins, side plates, bushings and rollers. Roller links are connected by pin links to achieve desired length. Ends are usually connected by a pin link which has a removable side plate, called a master link.rotary grindera high rpm hand held grinder using small grinding stones or burrs for metal removal in cramped or hard to get at areas.rotary valvea circular disc with a portion removed. It covers and uncovers intake port of two-stroke cycle engine. Disc is keyed to crankshaft.rotor oil pumpan oil pump that uses an inner and outer rotor to move oil.runoutout-of-round condition of a rotating part.scavenginginertia-caused movement of gases through cylinder and exhaust system of a two-stroke cycle or four-stroke cycle engine.schematica diagram representing an electrical system.scraper ringdual-purpose piston ring that helps seal combustion pressure as well as control oil.secondary ignition circuitpart of ignition systems consisting of secondary winding of ignition coil, spark plug wire, spark plug terminal, and spark plug.secondary windingthousands of turns of fine wire in an ignition coil. It uses induction to step up voltage as a magnetic field is rapidly collapsed in primary windings.sediment bowla cup located at bottom of fuel petcock designed to prevent flow of dirt and water into fuel line.selenium rectifiera device that converts AC to DC through use of selenium plates.series circuita circuit in which current must follow a single path through each component in sequence before reaching ground. If one component fails, entire circuit is open.shaft driveuse of a drive shaft, universal joints and gears to connect gearbox output shaft to rear wheel.shift druma drum shaped gearbox component with slots around its outside diameter. It engages with shift mechanism and shift forks. As drum is rotated, drum slots cause shift forks to move sliding gears or dogs causing engagement and disengagement of various gearbox ratios.shifting forka flat forked gearbox component that engages with a slot in a sliding gear or dog. Shifting forks slide back and forth on lateral shafts. Rotation of shift drum or cam plate causes shift fork to move its sliding gear or dog to engage with another gear, locking both gears to shaft.shift linkagehinged lever or levers that transfer movement of shift lever to shift drum or cam plate.shift stoppera fork or pin that limits movement of shift drum to prevent overshifting.shima spacer used between two parts to achieve proper clearance.shim bucketa cylindrical shaped part in DOHC (double overhead camshaft) valve train. It is located between valve and camshaft and provides a receptacle for valve lash adjustment shims.shock absorberrear suspension unit made up of a coil spring and a hydraulic damper. It prevents spring oscillations. See also power transmission shock absorber.siamese crankshaftcrankshaft configuration where two rods are mounted on same crank pin (journal). One rod is forked the other is mounted on inside of fork.side-by-side crankshaftcrankshaft configuration where connecting rods are mounted next to each other on same crankpin (journal).sine wavea graphical representation of 360 degrees of rotation, representing change in direction of single-phase AC.single-leading shoea drum brake having two shoes: one is leading and one is trailing. Leading shoe tends to wedge itself into drum providing more braking action than trailing shoe.single-phase ACalternating current that reverses direction of flow every 180 degrees.single-piston calipera laterally floating disc brake caliper that uses one hydraulic piston to apply both brake pads. As pressure is applied to piston, it pushes one pad against disc. Other pad is solidly mounted on opposite side of caliper and makes contact with disc as caliper floats.single-row chaina conventional roller chain with one row of rollers.sleeve-mount carburetora carburetor mounted on an aluminum manifold by a pinch bolt that clamps carburetor spigot over a plastic or fibre- insulating sleeve.slide-controlled carburetora carburetor using a throttle slide (plunger) to regulate venturi restriction (throttle opening).slide cutaway circuitcarburetor circuit which controls air-fuel ratio from one-eighth to one-quarter throttle opening. Height of cutaway portion of slide controls how much air is mixed with fuel. Fuel is metered by pilot jet, needle jet and jet needle.sliding gear (dog gear)a gear splined to its shaft and moved side to side by a shifting fork. A sliding gear has dogs on its lateral face that engage with holes or dogs in adjacent gears.SOHC (single overhead camshaft)a single overhead camshaft located in top of cylinder head.solid roller chainroller chain using a one-piece roller and bushing assembly.spigot-mount carburetora carburetor mounted by clamping spigot into a rubber sleeve manifold.spindle (steering fork)a shaft that is secured to upper and lower triple clamps. It pivots on bearings mounted in steering head.spoke-crossing patternnumber of spokes crossed on same side of hub by any one spoke.spoked wheela wheel consisting of a rim, spokes, nipples and hub. Spokes are laced between hub and rim and are attached to rim by nipples. Thirty-six or forty spokes are termly used.spoke torque wrencha small torque wrench used to accurately adjust spoke tension.spring preloadstatic installed length of a spring subtracted from its free length. In suspension system, spring preload determines ride height of motorcycle.spring testera device that measures spring pressure in relation to spring length.sprocketa circular plate with teeth machined around outside to engage links of a chain.stamped framea frame stamped from pieces of sheet metal that are welded together to provide support for engine and suspension.stamped wheela wheel assembly using stamped sheet metal spokes in place of small wire type spokes. A stamped wheel resembles a cast alloy wheel in appearance.stand-offbackward flow of air-fuel mixture in intake tract caused by radical port or cam timing.starter systemcarburetor system that provides a rich mixture for cold starting (tickler, choke, enrichment circuit). Also, electrical circuit for cranking engine, including: starter switch, relay, battery, and starting motor.static ignition timinguse of a buzz box, test light or ohmmeter to check ignition timing without running engine.steering dampera device that uses friction or a hydraulic damper to reduce steering oscillation.steering headforward part of frame providing a mounting place for bearings that locate and support steering spindle and fork assembly.steering offsetdistance between steering axis and axis on which axle pivots. Steering offset is accomplished by offsetting axle or triple clamps.steering rakeangle of steering axis from vertical, given in degrees.steering traildistance along ground between lines drawn vertically through front axle and down centre of fork tubes and sliders.straight-cut gear drivea gear drive which uses gears having straight-cut teeth, used for one type of primary drive.straight-cut offset geara gear design using straight-cut gears installed side-by-side and one-half tooth out of phase. This gear design will eliminate noise caused by backlash common to conventional straight-cut gears.strokemovement of piston from TDC to BDC or from BDC to TDC.sumplowest position of crankcase, containing oil.surface platea block of granite ground and lapped to provide a very smooth, flat surface. It is used for checking straightness of cylinders, cylinder heads, and crankcase joints.suspensioncomponents that absorb road surface irregularities to smooth motorcycle ride. It is designed to permit controlled wheel movement over irregular surfaces. Basic parts include forks, swing arm and shock absorbers.swing armmain member of rear suspension that provides a mounting place for rear wheel and one end of shock absorbers.swing arm pivotforward part of swing arm, where it is attached to frame and pivots on bushings or bearings.symmetricaltwo sides or events being identical. For instance, two-stroke exhaust timing is symmetrical. Exhaust port opens and closes at same crankshaft position before and after TDC.symmetrical huba wheel hub (wire wheel) that has spoke holes on each side of hub at same distance from hub center.synchronizeadjustment of carburetor throttles on two or more carburetors, so that all throttles are open same amount at any position of throttle twist grip.tapera small diameter at one end of part, for instance: tapered piston or taper cylinder bore.telescopic forkfront suspension unit made up of two fork tubes and two sliders that telescope up and down tubes against spring pressure.telescoping gaugea "T" shaped instrument used to duplicate distance between inside parallel surfaces (cylinder bore for example).thermostata temperature sensitive device used in a liquid cooling system to adjust flow of coolant as coolant temperature changes.three-phase ACalternating current with a 120-degree phase difference. Three wires are needed to carry current.throttle cablea cable consisting of an outer housing and an inner cable that connects carburetor to throttle twist grip.throttle stop screwan idle speed adjustment screw used in slide type carburetor. This screw contacts base of throttle slide. As screw is turned in, throttle slide is raised, increasing idle speed.throttle twist gripa device mounted on end of handlebar that locates one end of outer throttle cable and pulls inner cable as twist grip is rotated.thrust washera washer used to bear side thrust loads or provide lateral location.tickler systema spring-loaded plunger in carburetor that can be depressed to push float assembly down. This allows fuel to flow into float bowl, raising float level temporarily for cold starting.tire pressure gaugea pressure gauge used to check tire air pressure.top dead center (TDC)uppermost piston travel in cylinder.top endpart of an engine from cylinder base up, including pistons but not connecting rods.torquea twisting force measured in foot-pounds or newton-metres.torque convertera fluid turbine that takes place of clutch in primary drive. Oil is used to transmit power through torque converter depending upon engine rpm. Used in automatic transmissions.torque patterna specific sequence of tightening fasteners to help prevent warping of components.torque wrencha wrench calibrated to allow for accurate application of tightening force to fasteners.transfer portopening in cylinder wall of a two-stroke cycle engine that connects cylinder to crankcase.transfer (port) timingamount of time transfer port is open, expressed in crankcase degrees or piston position.transmissionsee gearbox.triple clampsa pair of sturdy brackets that provide a mounting place for fork legs and steering spindle. Triple clamps attach forks to frame through spindle, steering head and steering head bearings.triple-row chaina chain having three rows of rollers. Triplex chains are used for primary drives.two-stroke cyclea cycle of overlapping events (intake, transfer, compression, power, exhaust) which all occur during one revolution of crankcase.unit constructionengine design has one crankcase to house gearbox, clutch, primary drive, and engine.universal jointa flexible joint that allows changes in angle of drive shaft.vacuumpressure that is less than atmospheric pressure.vacuum-controlled carburetora carburetor using a butterfly to regulate airflow and a vacuum controlled piston to regulate venturi restriction.vacuum gaugea gauge that measures pressures which are lower than 14.7 lb. per square inch (101 kPa) at sea level.vacuum pistonthrottle piston used in a vacuum operated CV carburetor. One type uses a diaphragm at top with a small diameter piston. Other type uses a large diameter piston in a vacuum cylinder.valvea device that controls flow by opening and closing. For instance, fuel valve controls flow of fuel from fuel tank to carburetor. Intake valve controls flow of air-fuel mixture into cylinder.valve overlapperiod of time when intake and exhaust valves in a four-stroke cycle engine are open at same time.valve stemportion of valve that slides in valve guide and provides a mounting place for valve spring upper collar and keepers.valve trainall components which directly influence valve operation (cam, cam chain, cam followers, valves, valve springs, valve collars, and keepers in SOHC engine).varnisha build-up of oxidized oil or fuel.vee-cylinderscylinders positioned at angles to each other forming a "V".venta tube or drillway going from top of float chamber to atmosphere. This prevents build-up of pressure or vacuum in float chamber.venturia restriction in a tube that cause an increase in air velocity, resulting in decrease of pressure (increase in vacuum) at restriction.vernier calipera precision measuring tool used to determine inside, outside, or depth measurements. A linear vernier scale is used.vertical milla machine tool that removes metal with a rotating cutter mounted vertically.viscositythe resistance that oil offers to flow when it is subjected to stress (thickness or weight).voltageforce causing electron flow in conductor.voltmeteran instrument that measures electrical pressure (EMF, voltage) in electrical circuits.wattunit of measurement of electrical power (rate of doing work).wear limitsminimum and maximum acceptable size of a component.weldinguse of heat to fuse two pieces of metal together.wet clutcha multi-plate clutch that runs in an oil bath (primary drive).wet sumpfour-stroke cycle engine sump (crankcase) in oil reservoir.wheel bearing greasea special, heavy duty, high temperature grease used to lubricate wheel bearings.wide ratio gearboxa gearbox having wide ratio spacing between gears. A wide ratio gearbox is commonly used in enduro (off-road) and trials motorcycles.wire gaugea measuring tool made of precisely sized wire. It is for measuring distance between irregular surfaces (spark plug gap for example).wire wheelsee "spoked wheel"woodruff keyparallel-sided piece inserted into groove cut part way into each of two parts, which locates and prevents slippage between parts.Zener diodea solid-state device used to regulate voltage in motorcycle charging systems.
Bike Preparation
Language School
Technical Tips
Login or register to post comments
Global Rescue is the premier provider of medical, security and evacuation services worldwide and is the only company that will come to you, wherever you are, and evacuate you to your home hospital of choice.
Additionally, Global Rescue places no restrictions on country of citizenship - all nationalities are eligible to sign-up! Travel medical insurance is also available, currently the limit is 90 days.
Ripcord Rescue Travel Insurance combines into a single integrated program the best evacuation and rescue with the premier travel insurance coverages designed for adventurers.
Led by special operations veterans, Stanford Medicine affiliated physicians, paramedics and other travel experts, Ripcord is perfect for adventure seekers, climbers, skiers, sports enthusiasts, hunters, international travelers, humanitarian efforts, expeditions and more.
Ripcord travel protection is now available for ALL nationalities, and travel is covered on motorcycles of all sizes! NOTE: Travel medical insurance currently has a limit of 90 days.
Announcements!
FREE HU Achievable Dream Video to watch while you're stuck at home - one free per week for 15 weeks!
Find HU Event COVID-19 status updates on the HUBB Forum "Traveller's Advisories" thread.
Help support your favorite website!
New to HU? Start here!
Member login
Username: *
Password: *
Remember me
Create new account
Request new password
There's No Place Like HUMM!
"The most fun on two wheels!"
Don't take our word for it - see for yourself! HUMM Navigation challenge events are in British Columbia, Virginia and Arizona.
Horizons Unlimited 1987 - 2020
All text and photographs are copyright © Grant and Susan Johnson, 1987-2020 or their respective authors.
All Rights Reserved.
HomepageTravellers StoriesNewsletterTrip PlanningBooks & DVDsHUBBCommunityTravellers MeetingsLinksSearchAdvertise on HUSupport HUContact UsPrivacy PolicySite Map