http://www.openroadjourney.com/terms
New? Free to Join!
Sign In
Biker Patches
Add a Route
Riding Advice & Articles
Motorcycle Events
Bikers
Motorcycle Rides & Roads
Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF USE
This site and the mobile applications and services available in connection with this site (the "Site")
are made available to you by Mile Marker 3, LLC. (hereinafter known as "Mile Marker 3") subject to these terms and conditions, including those set forth in the OpenRoadJourney Privacy Policy (the "Terms"). By accessing, using or downloading any materials from the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms, which may be updated by Mile Marker 3 from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at the Site. Mile Marker 3 and its third party providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, mobile applications, features, programs, and prices described in this Site at any time without notice. Certain provisions of the Terms may be supplemented or superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this Site. The Site is not intended for and is not designed to attract children under 13 years of age. If you do not agree with the Terms, please do not use this Site. BY CONTINUING TO USE THE SITE, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND ALL REVISIONS THEREOF.
Mile Marker 3 reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Site or any portion thereof with or without notice. You agree that Mile Marker 3 shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or any portion thereof.
Registration
To use the services available on the Site, you must complete the membership registration form. You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site's registration form ("User Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the User Data to keep it accurate and current. You agree that Mile Marker 3 may use your User Data to provide services on the Site for which you have expressed interest. If you provide any information that is inaccurate or not current, or Mile Marker 3 has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is inaccurate or not current, Mile Marker 3 has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site. In consideration of your use of the Site, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction.
Payments
If you choose to become a Premium member, defined as any member that pays for access to the Site, of Mile Marker 3, you must designate and provide information about your preferred payment method (e.g., credit card, online payment service or any other payment method made available by Mile Marker 3) ("Payment Method"). You will immediately be charged for your membership fees after you click "Submit" on the confirmation page and your account will be activated to "OpenRoadJourney Premium Member" status. You agree to pay all membership fees and other charges incurred in connection with your username and password for your OpenRoadJourney account.
Fees and Renewals
You may elect to pay membership fees on a monthly or annual basis. All membership fees are payable in advance. Membership fees will be billed automatically to the Payment Method at the start of the monthly or annual period, as applicable, and will auto-renew until your membership is terminated. The renewal membership fees will be the same as the initial charges unless you are otherwise notified in advance. You authorize Mile Marker 3 to charge your Payment Method for the appropriate membership charges and fees and for any other purchases you elect to make via the Site. Mile Marker 3 reserves the right to increase membership fees or to institute new fees at any time upon reasonable notice posted in advance on this Site. Members changing from monthly to annual memberships will have the annual rates take effect at the beginning of the next billing date. If you upgrade your membership or add new categories of service to your account, such changes may result in a new billing date effective upon the date you elect such upgrade or addition. ALL PURCHASES ARE FINAL AND NO REFUND WILL BE GIVEN FOR UNUSED PORTIONS OF YOUR INITIAL OR ANY RENEWAL MEMBERSHIP PERIOD.
Cancellation
You may cancel your Premium membership by visiting your "Account" page and selecting "Cancel Membership" or by contacting us by email at customerservice@openroadjourney.com. The cancellation of a membership will go into effect immediately, and your account will enter "OpenRoadJourney Free" mode. No refunds or credits will be provided by Mile Marker 3 upon cancellation. You can renew your subscription at anytime without opening a new account, provided that additional fees may apply if you decide to upgrade to Premium membership at a later date.
User Conduct
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password associated with your account and for restricting access to your password and to your computer while logged into the Site. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or from your computer. We endeavor to use reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to your account. We cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your Content or the personal information you provide, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally accessing the Site or its contents. You agree to immediately notify Mile Marker 3 of any unauthorized use or your account or password, or any other breach of security, and to accept all risks of unauthorized access to the User Data and any other information you provide to Mile Marker 3.
You understand that all information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, available in connection with the Site are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not Mile Marker 3, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Site. Mile Marker 3 does not control or monitor the Content posted to the Site by others and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Site, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Mile Marker 3 be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on the Site.
You agree to not use the Site to: (a) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (b) harm minors in any way; (c) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Mile Marker 3 official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (d) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (e) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; (f) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation; (g) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (h) interfere with or disrupt the Site or servers or networks connected to the Site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Site; and/or (i) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Site or the Content through any automated means (including the use of any script, web crawler, robot, spider, or scraper), and that you will not forge or manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any access (or attempted access) to the Site.
You acknowledge that Mile Marker 3 may or may not pre-screen or monitor Content, but that Mile Marker 3 and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, monitor, refuse or remove any Content that is available via the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, Mile Marker 3 and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content available in connection with the Site, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Mile Marker 3 may access, preserve and disclose your User Data, Payment Method information and other Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Mile Marker 3, its users and the public. Subject to the foregoing, Mile Marker 3 will use reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of your User Data and Payment Method information.
The Site is for your personal and noncommercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell for any commercial purposes any portion of the Site, use of the Site or access to the Site.
You understand that use of certain features of the Site may require you to purchase third party equipment or materials (e.g., GPS systems). While Mile Marker 3 may recommend the equipment or materials of certain third party suppliers, Mile Marker 3 shall have no responsibility for your acquisition or use of any third party equipment or materials and does not guarantee that third party equipment or materials will function with the Site or will be error-free.
Content Submitted to the Site
Mile Marker 3 does not claim ownership of Content you may submit or make available for inclusion on the Site. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Site (other than User Data or Payment Method information), you grant Mile Marker 3 a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free and non-exclusive license, as applicable, to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display and otherwise exploit such Content on the Site for the purposes of providing and promoting the Site and the features and services available on the Site.
The Site may provide you with the option of making certain Content that you submit to the Site as private or available only to select users of the Site. If, upon submission of Content to the Site, you initially elect to mark such Content as private or available for a limited group of users, Mile Marker 3 will maintain the privacy of such Content in accordance with your election. However, if you do not elect to mark your Content as private or available for a limited group of users, or later change such designation to allow such Content to be made generally available, Mile Marker 3 can not and does not guarantee the privacy of such Content.
Dealings with Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers
Third party product and service offerings made available for purchase by you on the Site are made and offered directly by the applicable third party service provider or advertiser. When you purchase any such product or service offering through the Site, you acknowledge that you are contracting directly with the applicable third party service provider or advertiser and not with Mile Marker 3. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, third party service providers or advertisers found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party service provider or advertiser. Although we are interested in receiving feedback regarding our third party service providers and advertisers and their products and services, and may from time to time assist you in your dealings with such third party service providers and advertisers, Mile Marker 3 is not responsible for the performance or nonperformance of any third party service provider or advertiser. You are in no way obligated to use or transact business with any particular third party service provider or advertiser that appears on the Site. YOU AGREE THAT Mile Marker 3 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCURRED BY YOU AS THE RESULT OF ANY OF YOUR DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ADVERTISERS AVAILABLE ON THE SITE.
Links
The Site may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other Internet sites or resources. Because Mile Marker 3 has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Mile Marker 3 is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources.
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Site, provided such link does not portray Mile Marker 3 or any of its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner, and provided further that the linking site does not contain any pornographic, illegal, offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable material. You are further granted a right to implement any RSS feeds located on the Site for your personal, non-commercial use, solely as described on the Site. We reserve the right to revoke these licenses generally, or your right to use specific links or RSS feeds, at any time, with or without cause.
Interactions with Site Users
The Site functions as a venue to connect members in a virtual information place. As a neutral facilitator, Mile Marker 3 is not directly involved in the actual transactions between members of the Site. As a result, Mile Marker 3 has no control over the truth, accuracy, quality, legality, or safety of postings made by users of the Site. Mile Marker 3 shall have no responsibility to confirm the identity of members. Mile Marker 3 shall also have no responsibility to confirm or verify the qualifications, background, or abilities of users of the Site. You shall at all time exercise common sense and good judgment when dealing with any user of the Site.
If you elect to use our "share-a-route" service or similar Site features for informing a friend about our Site or for emailing a ride or other information to a friend, Mile Marker 3 will require you to provide your friend's contact information and/or email address. Mile Marker 3 will automatically send that friend a one-time email. Mile Marker 3 may store the information you provide for a period of time, provided that Mile Marker 3 will use such information only to identify if your friend is or later becomes a member of Mile Marker 3. You represent that you are authorized to provide any third party email address or other information that you provide to Mile Marker 3.
Electronic Communications
The Site may provide you with the ability to send e-mails, post messages to user forums, enter chat rooms, speak via Internet voice connections or send similar messages and communications to third party service providers, advertisers, other users and/or Mile Marker 3. You agree to use communication methods available on the Site only to send communications and materials related to the subject matter for which Mile Marker 3 provided the communication method, and you further agree that all such communications by you shall be deemed your Content and shall be subject to and governed by the Terms. By using any of the communications methods available on the Site, you acknowledge and agree that (a) all communications methods constitute public, and not private, means of communication between you and the other party or parties, (b) communications sent to or received from third party service providers, advertisers or other third parties are not be endorsed, sponsored or approved by Mile Marker 3 (unless expressly stated otherwise by Mile Marker 3) and (c) communications are not pre-reviewed, post-reviewed, screened, archived or otherwise monitored by Mile Marker 3 in any manner, though Mile Marker 3 reserves the right to do so at any time at its sole discretion in accordance with the Terms. You agree that all notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Site, any necessary software used in connection with the Site (if any) and any Content available on the Site contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or authorized by Mile Marker 3 or applicable third party service providers or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Site, the software or Content available on the Site (other than Content that you may submit), in whole or in part.
Mile Marker 3 grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Site; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Site. You agree not to access the Site by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Mile Marker 3 for use in accessing the Site.
The term Mile Marker 3, the Mile Marker 3 logo and other Mile Marker 3 logos and product and service names are the exclusive trademarks of, and are owned by, Mile Marker 3, LLC., and you may not use or display such trademarks in any manner without Mile Marker 3's prior written permission. Any third party trademarks or service marks displayed on the Site are the property of their respective owners.
Mile Marker 3 reserves all rights not expressly granted hereunder.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
If you have reason to believe any part of the Content of the Site infringes the copyrights of others, please notify our Copyright Agent immediately using the contact information provided below. It is our policy to investigate any allegations of copyright infringement brought to our attention. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to immediately suspend and/or terminate access to any Site by any user who is alleged to have posted infringing materials or a link to infringing materials on the Site and to immediately remove or disable the allegedly infringing Content or link.
If you are the copyright owner (or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner), please notify our Copyright Agent immediately if you believe that (a) any Content displayed on the Site infringes your copyright or (b) any link posted on the Site links to materials that infringe your copyright. As soon as we receive your notice of claimed infringement, in the form described below, we will promptly remove or disable access to the materials that are claimed to be infringing (or the subject of infringing activity). Your notice must be in writing and must include the following: a description of the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed (or if you believe multiple copyrighted works have been infringed, a representative list); a description of the material you believe is infringing or the subject of infringing activity, together with enough information to permit us to locate the material on the applicable Site; enough information to permit us to contact you, such as, your name, address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address; a statement that you have a good faith belief that the allegedly infringing use of the material was not authorized by the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed (the "copyright owner"), an agent for the copyright owner, or by law; a statement that all of the information you have provided is accurate; and a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. Your notice must be signed (physically or electronically) and must be addressed as follows:
Copyright Agent
c/o Mile Marker 3, LLC.
PO Box 42106
Cincinnati, OH 45242
E-mail:
customerservice@openroadjourney.com
Your Feedback
We welcome your comments, feedback, suggestions, and other communications regarding the Site and the information and services we make available through the Site (collectively, "Feedback"). While you are not obligated to provide Feedback, in the event that you provide Feedback, you hereby grant to Mile Marker 3 a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferrable, assignable, sub-licenseable, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license to copy, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly display and perform and otherwise exploit such Feedback and to use, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, import and export products and services based on such Feedback. For this reason, we ask that you not send Mile Marker 3 any Feedback that you do not wish to license to us as set forth above.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY. MILE MARKER 3 AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. MILE MARKER 3 AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (a) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (e) ANY ERRORS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR TRAVEL, DRIVING, MOTORCYLING ACTIVITIES, WHICH GENERATE THE CONTENT YOU POST OR SEEK TO POST ON THE SITE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO MOTORCYCLING) CARRY CERTAIN INHERENT AND SIGNIFICANT RISKS OF PROPERTY DAMAGE, BODILY INJURY OR DEATH AND THAT YOU VOLUNTARILY ASSUME ALL KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THESE ACTIVITIES EVEN IF CAUSED IN WHOLE OR PART BY THE ACTION, INACTION OR NEGLIGENCE OF MILE MARKER 3 OR BY THE ACTION, INACTION OR NEGLIGENCE OF OTHERS. YOU ALSO EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT MILE MARKER 3 DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE INSPECTION, SUPERVISION, PREPARATION, OR CONDUCT OF ANY TOUR, RALLY, CONTEST, GROUP RIDE OR EVENT THAT UTILIZES MILE MARKER 3’S SITE.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO RELEASE MILE MARKER 3, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS (THE “RELEASED PARTIES”) FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY CONNECTED WITH YOUR TRAVEL, DRIVING, OR MOTORCYCLING ACTIVITIES, AND PROMISE NOT TO SUE THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS, INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR TRAVEL, DRIVING, OR MOTORCYCLING ACTIVITIES. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (a) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE SITE, (b) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMS CREATED OR LICENSED BYMILE MARKER 3 WHILE ENGAGED IN TRAVEL, DRIVING, OR MOTORCYCLING ACTIVITIES, (c) YOUR DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ADVERTISERS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, (d) ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE EXPERIENCED BY YOU, (e) ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF MILE MARKER 3 HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Mile Marker 3 and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, representatives, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise seek to make available through the Site, your use of the Site, your travel, driving, or motorcycling which generate the Content you post or seek to post on the Site (including, but not limited to, travel, driving, or motorcycling activities in connection with any contests, rallys, group rides, or other events which Mile Marker 3 sponsors, organizes, participates in, or whose Site is used in connection with), your connection to the Site, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
Termination
You agree that Mile Marker 3 may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your account and/or access to the Site. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Site (or any portion thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Site. Termination of your account may include (x) removal of access to all offerings within the Site, (y) deletion of your information, files and Content associated with or inside your account, and (z) barring of further use of the Site. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Mile Marker 3's sole discretion and that Mile Marker 3 shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account or access to the Site.
APPLICABLE LAWS
This Site is controlled by Mile Marker 3 from its offices within the United States of America. Mile Marker 3 makes no representation that the Content in the Site or the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content or use is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from locations outside of the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any action related to the Site, the Content or the Terms shall be governed by California law and controlling U.S. federal law, without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in Santa Clara County, California for any legal proceedings related to the Site or the Terms. If any party hereto brings any suit or action against another for relief, declaratory or otherwise, arising out of these Terms, the prevailing party will have and recover against the other party, in addition to all court costs and disbursements, such sum as the court may adjudge to be reasonable attorneys' fees. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the parties agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Sections 9, 11, 12, 13, 15 and 16 shall survive termination of your account and/or the Terms.
General
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Mile Marker 3 as a result of the Terms or your use of the Site. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Mile Marker 3 with respect to your use of the Site. The failure of Mile Marker 3 to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. You may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of Mile Marker 3. Mile Marker 3 has the right, in its sole discretion, to transfer or assign all or any part of its rights under these Terms and will have the right to delegate or use third party contractors to fulfill its duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the Site. Mile Marker 3's notice to you via email, regular mail or notices or links on the Site shall constitute acceptable notice to you under the Terms. A printed version of the Terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Section titles and headings in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Support and Questions
We will provide support to you related to the Site via the following methods:
Email (customerservice@openroadjourney.com)
We strive to respond to support requests within 48 hours after the request is placed.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms, please contact us by email at customerservice@openroadjourney.com.
Latest Motorcycle Roads & Rides
Fall Ride...
[MO]
David64062
Mainly two-lane blacktop the whole route
Paralells the Missouri ...
Los Mochis y San Miguel...
[Mexico]
dtaylor7770
This route is a fun ride to take if you are looking to experience...
Bakersfield to Ventura...
[CA]
dtaylor7770
This ride is an exciting ride that will take you through the coas...
Caliente Bodfish Road...
[CA]
dtaylor7770
This is a ride that challenges even the most advanced rider. Swit...
Flight 93 Memorial...
[OH]
indian44647
We took OH-30 most of the way over but wanted to save some time o...
find more great motorcycle roads...
Latest Biker Patches Earned
I Like It
by
rozyd
I Like It
by
bluejasper30
I Like It
by
AllRightJim
Me Me Me
by
AllRightJim
Check Me Out
by
AllRightJim
ORJ Rider Leaderboard
The best of the best. These folks have ridden and shared more roads than any other ORJ member this month.
No results available.
See all results..
Plan Motorcycle Tours in These Popular Locations
Texas
North Carolina
Virginia
Florida
California
Tennessee
Georgia
Pennsylvania
Ohio
Missouri
South Carolina
Illinois
Michigan
Arkansas
Washington
Alabama
Mississippi
Kentucky
Wisconsin
Arizona
Colorado
New York
Maryland
Louisiana
Massachusetts
Indiana
Oregon
West Virginia
Connecticut
Oklahoma
Canada
United Kingdom
Australia
Italy
Romania
About ORJ
FAQ's
Get Paid to Ride
Pro Memberships
What's Road Rep?
Leaderboards
Biker Patches
Sign Up for Free
Log In
Contact Us
Other Sites You Might Like:
Road Trips & Trip Planner:
RoadTripJourney.com
Bike Routes, Roads, and Maps:
RoadBikeJourney.com
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
© 2006 - 2020 Mile Marker 3, LLC