http://www.foresthostel.com/privacypolicy
GDPR Privacy Policy
The Hostel in the Forest is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors. The following privacy policy aims to explain our practices and procedures with regard to our efforts to protect your personal information. This privacy policy may change from time to time as determined by The Hostel in the Forest. By accessing and using this website, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy, and that you accept and consent to the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy.
*What Personal Data We Collect and Why We Collect It:*
The Hostel in the Forest does not collect any personally identifiable information from you unless you voluntarily choose to submit or otherwise disclose such information to us, including information submitted or disclosed by email, telephone or physical mail, or through this website.
*Contact Forms:*
If you submit information via a contact form, we use this information only for the purpose of following up with you regarding your project inquiry.
*Embedded Content from Other Websites:*
Articles on the Hostel in the Forest website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
*Use of Cookies:*
This website does gather anonymous, non-identifiable general information by using cookies. The statistics obtained with this information is used to help us improve content and overall user experience with regard to the website and the materials, products and services that we make available on the website. If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me,” your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
We use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’), to help us see how our website is used. In doing so, information about your use of our website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to Google and stored on Google’s servers. The data collected by Google Analytics is used to analyze how frequently people visit our website, how the website is found, and which pages are most frequently viewed. This information is combined with data from thousands of other users to create an overall picture of website use and is never identified individually or personally. You can read Google’s privacy policy here.  You may learn how to opt out of tracking here
*Refusing/Deleting Cookies:*
The settings on your internet browser can be used to refuse cookies and possibly delete already placed cookies. There are various types of internet browsers (e.g. Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari) and their respective settings are changed differently. You should refer to the help feature of your internet browser to change your cookie settings. Bear in mind that changing your settings can have an impact on the sites you visit.
*How Long We Retain Your Data:*
For users who have submitted information via a contact form, we retain this data until we have followed up regarding the inquiry, and only thereafter if we enter into a contract to provide services. For users with a registered user account on our website, we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
*How We Protect Your Data and What Rights You Have Over Your Data:*
As a security measure, our website uses a SSL certificate to encrypt data during transmission. The security of information sent over the internet through this website, by email at email addresses at this domain, or otherwise electronically transmitted is not guaranteed. Accordingly, The Hostel in the Forest does not guarantee or warrant the security of information disclosed to you or from you through this website, by email or otherwise electronically transmitted, and any such disclosures are done so at your own risk. Any data you submit to us is kept for internal use and for direct communications with the user who submits it.
*We do not rent or sell any personally identifiable information to third parties:*
If you have an account on this site, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Search:
Home
Your First Visit
Mission Statement
Membership Policy
Forest News
Events
About the Hostel
Alternative Energy
Gardens
Kitchen
Tom
Jobs at the Hostel
Sweat Lodge
Feature Chicken
Wish List
Directions
Contact
GDPR Privacy Policy
Photos
Fundraising Shop
Follow @hostelchickens