http://www.jlohr.com/privacy-notice
close - materialLibrary Selection
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Last updated: October 1, 2020
This Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes how J. Lohr Winery
Corporation and J. Lohr Vineyards (“J. Lohr”, “we,” or “us,”) handles your
personal information when you:
Visit and use our website at www.jlohr.com (“Site”)
Visit our wine centers or sign up for our wine club services or
newsletters (“Services”)
Contact us or otherwise provide us with personal information.
The Site and our Services are collectively referred to as the “Platform”.
IF YOU ARE CALIFORNIA RESIDENT: If you are a resident of California, this entire Privacy Notice applies
to you. However, please also see the section titled “Additional Notices for California Consumers” below, which will inform you in detail about our information collection
practices and your specific rights.
IF YOU ARE A NEVADA RESIDENT:
If you are a resident of Nevada, this entire Privacy Notice applies to
you. However, please also see the section titled “
Additional Notices for Nevada Consumers
” below, which will also apply to you.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice carefully as it provides
important information about your personal information. It also tells you
about your rights under the law. If, after reviewing this Privacy Notice,
you have any questions or concerns, please send us an email to
info@jlohr.com.
Changes to This Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make material
changes to this Privacy Notice, we will post our updated Privacy Notice on
the Site, and for a reasonable period of time we will post notice of the
change so it is visible to visitors after the change is posted. By your
continued use of the Platform, you will be deemed to consent to the terms of
the revised Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Generally speaking, “personal information“ means any information about an
individual from which that person may be identified. Personal Information
includes obvious things, like your name, telephone number, email address and
street address, as well as less obvious things like your IP address, device
ID and location information. Personal information does not, however, include
information from which the identity of an individual has been definitively
removed (also known as anonymous or anonymized data).
In order to provide the Platform and Services, we collect various types of
information. We collect personal information
directly from you when you provide
it to us, such as when you create an account with us or otherwise
communicate with us verbally or in writing. We also may collect information
indirectly, such as through
automated technologies (e.g., cookies).
Personal Information You Provide to Us
General Inquiries
You can generally visit the Platform without having to submit any personal
information about yourself to us. However, if you require more information
about our Services, you may contact us via the Platform, in which case we
will collect your name and email address, as well as any other information
that you submit to us via email.
Services, Orders and Delivery
If you wish to use our Services, place an order for delivery or otherwise
use our Services, you will be required to provide the following information:
Full name
Email address
Phone number
Billing and delivery address (if applicable)
Age (for purchasing alcohol online)
When you check out, we will also collect your payment information, as
explained here. Note that third party delivery
providers may collect information from you as well, such as your driver’s
license or other government issued document to verify your age for the
delivery of alcohol. However, we do not receive this information from the
third party delivery providers.
Personal Information We Collect Indirectly
Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Platform, we (or our authorized service providers)
automatically collect information about the computer or devices (including
mobile devices) you use to access the Platform, and your interactions with
the Platform, such as through cookies and other automated technologies. For
example, we may collect and store information such as your browser type, IP
address, the state or country from which you accessed the Platform, unique
device identifier, the pages you view, length of time spent on pages, the
manner in which you use the Platform (e.g., the content you access, view,
click on, search for etc.), the date and time of your visit, error logs, and
other hardware and software information, as well as other geographic and
demographic information.
We may use cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this
information, as further explained below. We may use this information to
formulate statistical models about use of the Platform, enhance the Platform
for our users, and provide you with information about new opportunities, and
tailored content, advertising, marketing and as otherwise discussed in this
Privacy Notice.
For more information about our use of cookies and similar technologies,
please see
Cookies and Similar Technologies
below.
Location Information
We or our authorized third–party service providers also collect broad
geographic location (e.g., country or city-level location) based upon IP
address, in order to determine the popularity of our products in certain
locations and guide product updates and marketing strategies.
Please check your specific browser or device settings to disable location
services.
Third Parties
We may collect personal information from third parties, such as our service
providers, in connection with and in order to facilitate a transaction.
Payment Service Providers
For payment collection when you order online, we do not store your payment
information. We use a third-party, PCI-compliant, payment processor, which
collects payment information on our behalf in order to complete
transactions. While we are able to view and track actual transactions, we do
not have access to or process your credit card information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
What are Cookies, Pixels and Local Storage?
The Site uses “cookie” technology and similar online tools, such as web
beacons and web pixels. “Cookies” are small files that a website stores on a
user’s computer or device and through which personal information may be
collected. The Site use cookies for various purposes, including to keep the
information you enter on multiple pages together.
Some cookies are first-party cookies – meaning our cookies – and others are
third-party cookies, meaning that they are placed on the Site by authorized
third parties, such as Google, YouTube. Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you may set your browser to block certain cookies
(consult the instructions for your particular browser on how to do this).
Please note that if you decide to block cookies, this may interfere with
your ability to perform certain transactions, use certain functionality, and
access certain content on the Site.
We use “session” cookies, meaning that they are automatically deleted from
your hard drive after you close your browser at the end of your session.
Session cookies are used to optimize performance of the Site and to limit
the amount of redundant data that is downloaded during a single session. We
also use “persistent” cookies, which remain on your computer or device
unless deleted by you (or by your browser settings). We use persistent
cookies for various purposes, such as statistical analysis of performance to
ensure the ongoing quality of our Site.
Generally speaking, technologies that work like cookies include “pixels”,
which many websites use to learn whether you’ve interacted with certain web
or email content, and “local storage”, an industry-standard technology that
allows a website or application to store information locally on your
computer or mobile device.
Some of the cookies or similar technologies that we used are “essential” for
the Site to function, while other are “functional” in that they allow sites
to add additional functionality. Other cookies or similar technologies help
us improve our Site and measure audiences through analytics, including via
Google Analytics, as further explained below.
Finally, we also use “targeting” cookies for advertising and marketing
purposes.
Your Choices
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you
prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each
time a cookie is set. Some browser manufacturers provide comprehensive help
relating to cookie management in their products. Please see your web browser
provider’s settings for more information.
You can also learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org,
which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block
cookies using different types of browsers or mobile devices.
You may also visit www.youradchoices.com to opt-out of targeted advertising
online.
Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting all cookies used on
the Site, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site and you
may not be able to properly log on to the Site. In addition, we cannot
control how third parties track you across the Internet, irrespective of
our activity.
Google Analytics
The Platform uses Google Analytics, a service that drops cookies and/or
similar technologies to collect and store information about your device and
use of the Platform. We use Google Analytics to calculate visitor, session
and campaign data for analytics reports.
You can read Google’s privacy policy
here.
You can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics on the Platform in a
particular browser on a particular device by downloading and installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for that browser, which is available
here.
Facebook Pixel
We use Facebook Pixels on our Platform, which tracks user behavior. This
enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and
market research purposes. The data collected via Facebook Pixel is anonymous
to us, meaning that we do not see the personal information of individual
users, however it is stored and processed by Facebook. Facebook may link
this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own
promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Privacy Policy. You may
opt out by clicking here. You may also opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative.
Social Plugins
We may use social plugins on our Platform and may include icons that allow
you to interact with third-party social networks such as Facebook, YouTube,
Twitter and Instagram. The third-party social plugins generally set a cookie
when your browser creates a connection to the servers of such social
networks and may transmit your personal information to the social networks.
Your use of these social plugins, and your use of the products offered by
these social networks, is subject to the privacy policies of the third-party
social networks.
How We Use Your Information
We will use your information for the purpose for which you provided it or
for which we collected it. We may use your information to:
Provide the Platform and the Services, including to fulfill orders.
Respond to your inquiries and communicate with you.
Better understand how our Platform is used, and what Services users may be
interested in.
Improve and enhance your experience with the Platform, including the
content and general administration of the Platform.
Market or advertise new products and Services to you.
Retain records as may be required for tax, legal and financial purposes.
Provide information to regulatory bodies when legally required, and only
as outlined in this Privacy Notice.
Comply with the law.
Do Not Track Signals
We will not respond to your selection of the “Do Not Track” setting or other
“opt out” setting or feature that may be offered by your browser.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may share your information in the following ways:
We may share information about you with the following types of companies:
Companies that perform services on our behalf, such as website hosting and
ecommerce services, communication tools
Analytics partners
Advertising and marketing partners, such as Facebook Pixel as explained
below.
In some cases, these third parties or service providers collect information
directly from you via the Platform.
We may share your information with any person or entity where we believe
in good faith that such disclosure is necessary or otherwise appropriate
to: (a) comply with the law or in response to a valid subpoena, court
order, government request, or other valid legal process; (b) produce
relevant documents or information in connection with litigation,
arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal
investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) protect
the interests, rights, safety, or property of J. Lohr or others; or (d)
enforce our rights or other contractual obligations.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of
any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, financing, assignment,
transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business,
assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar
proceedings).
We may share your information with any person or entity when we have your
consent.
We may use and share non-personal information about you or use of the
Platform and Services, including any de-identified and aggregated data
with third parties without limitation.
Security And Account Protection
We have implemented commercially reasonable physical, administrative,
technical, and electronic security measures designed to protect against the
loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information. Despite our
efforts, however, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we
do not promise that your information will remain secure.
We appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and
others’ privacy. We encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect
that any personal information you shared with us is being used contrary to
this Privacy Notice.
Children’s Information
J. Lohr’s Platform is not directed toward persons under twenty-one (21)
years of age. We do not knowingly market to or collect any personal
information from children under the age of twenty-one (21). If you are under
twenty-one (21), you are not permitted to submit any personal information to
us.
If you are a parent or guardian, and believe that we have the personal
information of your minor child in our database, please contact us
immediately at info@jlohr.com to request that we remove such information
from our records.
International Transfers
We are located in the United States. As such, the Platform and Services are
intended for use in the United States and the personal information that we
collect is stored on servers located in the United States. This means that
your personal information will be collected, processed and stored in the
United States, which may have data protection laws that are different from
(and sometimes less protective than) the laws of your country or region.
By sending us personal information, you agree and consent to the processing
of your personal information in the United States, which may not offer an
equivalent level of protection to that required in other countries
(particularly the European Union), and to the processing of that information
by us on servers located in the United States, as described in this Privacy
Notice.
Contacting Us
Should you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, contact us by
sending an email to info@jlohr.com or writing to us at ATTN: Controller, J.
Lohr Vineyards & Wines, 1000 Lenzen Avenue, San Jose, CA 95126. You may
click here to obtain a printable pdf of this Privacy Notice.
Additional Information for California Residents
This
Privacy Notice for California Residents (“CCPA Notice”)
supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice and applies
solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of
California (“Consumers”). We have created this CCPA Notice in order to
comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Information Not Covered by this CCPA Notice
This CCPA Notice does not address or apply to
Personal information that we collect about employees, contractors or job
applicants.
Personal information that we collect about individuals acting in their
capacity as representatives of our clients, prospective clients, vendors
and other businesses with which we conduct or may conduct business, to the
extent we use their personal information only in the context of conducting
due diligence with respect to our business relationship and the provision
of our Services to such businesses pursuant to our business relationship.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
J. Lohr collects personal information (both online and offline) as that term
is defined in CCPA: information that identifies, relates to, describes,
references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or device. In
particular, within the last twelve (12) months, J. Lohr has collected the
following categories of personal information from Consumers:
Category
General Examples
(A) Identifiers
A real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet
Protocol address, or email address.
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California
Customer Records Statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, email, address or telephone number.
(D) Commercial information
Records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other
purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a
consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or
advertisement.
(G) Geolocation data
Physical location/address.
Personal information does not include:
Information that is not or cannot reasonably be linked to you;
Publicly available information from government records;
Deidentified or aggregated Consumer information; and/or
Certain other information that is already regulated by other laws or
regulations.
As explained in more detail here,
J. Lohr obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the
following categories of sources:
Directly from you. When you send us an
email. This includes the following categories of personal information:
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(G) Geolocation data
Indirectly. For example, from observing
your actions on our Site, including by the use of cookies. This includes
the following categories of personal information:
(A) Identifiers
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information we collect for one or more of the
following business purposes:
Categories of Information
Business Purpose
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
To provide the Platform and Services, including to fulfill orders.
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
To respond to your inquiries and communicate with you.
(A) Identifiers
(D) Commercial information
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
To better understand how our Platform is used, and what Services
users may be interested in; to improve and enhance your experience
with the Platform and Services, including the content and general
administration of the Platform.
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
To market or advertise new products and Services to you.
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(G) Geolocation data
To retain records as may be required, for instance for legal and
financial purposes.
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California
Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale or
transfer.
Any category of personal information as may be required and only as
outlined in this Privacy Notice
To provide information to regulatory bodies when legally required,
or otherwise comply with the law.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Service Providers
J. Lohr may disclose your personal information to a third party for a
business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business
purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it
for any purpose except performing the services for us.
As explained in more detail above, we
share your personal information with certain categories of service providers
who assist us in providing our Platform and Services and with our business.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, J. Lohr has disclosed the following
categories of personal information for a business purpose:
(A) Identifiers
(B) Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
(D) Commercial information
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
(G) Geolocation data
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the
following categories of service providers or third parties:
Companies that do things to help us provide the Site: hosting service
providers, e-commerce providers, analytics providers, payment service
providers, communication tools; and
Professional service providers, such as auditors, lawyers, consultants,
accountants and insurers.
Sales of Personal Information
We may share your personal information with third parties in ways that may
constitute a “sale” under CCPA. CCPA defines a “sale” very broadly. In the
preceding twelve (12) months, J. Lohr has shared with third parties the
following categories of personal information:
A. Identifiers
B. Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
F. Internet or other similar network activity
G. Geolocation data
Such information is provided to third parties for advertising and marketing
purposes. You may request that we not “sell” your personal information on a
going-forward basis. To opt-out of the sale of information, please click
here.
Your Rights and Choices Under CCPA
The CCPA provides Consumers with specific rights regarding their personal
information, provided that we are able to verify their identities. This
section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those
rights.
To exercise you right to opt-out of the sale of your personal
information, please click: click here.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that J. Lohr disclose certain information to
you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past
twelve (12) months. Once we receive your request
and verify your identity (see
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about
you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal
information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal
information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also
called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that J. Lohr delete any of your personal
information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain
exceptions. Once we receive your request
and verify your identity (see
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your
personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary
for us or our service provider(s) for certain reasons as permitted and set
forth in the CCPA. These reasons include (just to name a few):
Completing the transaction for which the personal information was
collected;
Providing a good or service requested by you;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecuting those responsible for such
activities;
Debugging products to identify and repair errors that impair existing
intended functionality;
Complying with a legal obligation;
Making other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that
you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable Consumer request
related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable
Consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
An authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity
registered with the Secretary of State that a Consumer has authorized to act
on his or her behalf. When a Consumer uses an authorized agent to submit a
request to know or a request to delete, J. Lohr may require that the
Consumer provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and verify
their own identity directly with J. Lohr, unless the Consumer has provided
the authorized agent with a valid power of attorney. J. Lohr may deny a
request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been
authorized by the Consumer to act on his or her behalf.
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described
above, please submit a verifiable Consumer request to us by sending us an
email at
info@jlohr.com.
You may only make a verifiable Consumer request for access or data
portability twice within a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable Consumer
request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are
the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized
representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly
understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information
if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and
confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable Consumer request does not require you to create an
account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password
protected account as a reasonable step toward verification when the request
relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
Please note that the methods for verification are set forth in the CCPA,
which also requires us to consider a number of factors, such as type,
sensitivity and value of the personal information or risk of harm posed by
unauthorized access or deletion, on a case-by-case basis.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable Consumer
request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable Consumer request within forty-five
(45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the
reason and extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period
preceding our receipt of the verifiable Consumer’s request. If applicable,
our response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with
a request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide
your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to
transmit the information from one entity to another entity without
hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable Consumer
request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we
determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that
decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your
request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you in a manner prohibited by the CCPA
because you exercise your CCPA rights. Please note that to use our Services,
we do require the collection of your personal information, for example to
sign up or in order to complete a paid transaction. While you may request to
delete your personal information under CCPA, such deletions may affect J.
Lohr’s ability to offer the Services.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding this CCPA Notice, please contact J. Lohr
at info@jlohr.com.
Additional Information for Nevada Residents
We do not sell your Personal Information within the scope of, and according
to the defined meaning of a “sale” under, NRS 603A.