https://www.hotelsafloat.com/privacy
Your privacy
This web site belongs to S.A.S.U. Hotels Afloat in France.
For more information about the company, please click here.
The data controller for this web site is S.A.R.L. Hotels Afloat.
You can contact us via email  info@hotelsafloat.com or call us +33 614 250 200
The web site is hosted on a private dedicated server provided by "Amen"  of the Dada group. Amen is located in Paris, you can contact them via their website or telephone on +33 811 88 77 66.
Cookies
This site uses cookies.
You can visit this site in "private" mode with no tracking, please check your browser settings.
Cookies provided by 3rd parties
As we use Share buttons such as Facebook Like, Twitter and Google+1 and Add2Any you'll also notice the presence of those cookies. These sites may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites.
We use Google Adwords and Bing ads, if you have clicked on one of adverts you may see cookies from Google or Bing.
More information about Bing privacy.
More information about Google privacy.
For the chat program there is a cookie from LiveSupporti.com.
In your browser, you can prevent the use of Cookie and use a "private navigation" mode.
You can change your cookie settings at any time, this page explains how to do this.
Tracking of visitors and statistics
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. We use Google Analytics to identify how the website is being used. This helps us to improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for analysis purposes. This information does not identify you personally. Specifically, the information we collect is:
• Your Internet Service Provider (ISP) and IP address (the number automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our website.
• The Internet browser and operating system you are using, your screen resolution and which version of flash you have installed (where applicable).
• The date and time you access the site.
• The pages you visit.
• If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website (if this is a search engine, we also collect the keywords you used when searching).
We have requested that Google automatically release visitors' data after 14 months.
You can prevent being tracked by Google by using a "private navigation" setting in your browser.
There is more information about the collected data on the Google website.
On the Cruise News section of this website you may have a cookie set by Wordpress as we use a Wordpress Blog. You can check their privacy statement by clicking here.
Online Chat facility
If you contact us via the web site's chat facility, we ask for your name and email address before we begin the conversation. We'll know your IP address and what pages you are viewing on this site.  All live chat messages are encrypted and protected over SSL. The Chat program is provided by a third part company LiveSupporti.com.
Newsletter
You can subscribe and then unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time. Your email address is required for us to send you a newsletter. In every newsletter, there is an unsubscribe link. You can use that link to stop receiving any more newsletters immediately.While you are subscribed to our newsletter, your email address is stored on a server which belongs to a company called Aweber. They do not and are not permitted to give your email address to any other party.
You will see a cookie from Aweber while visiting this site.
You can view Aweber privacy rules on their website by clicking here.
If you have problems unsubscribing or prefer us to do it for please contact us.
When using the contact form on this website, you will be added to our mailing list, and we will send you newsletters for special offers & updates. You can unsubscribe from this mailing list by click on "unsubscribe" at the bottom of a newsletter.
Your information requests
If you complete and submit a form from this site, such as asking a question, request information about boats or cruises, or ask for availability or any other purpose. We will receive this information via email. We do not store the contents of your message on the web site, but we do keep it on our Google Gmail account. We will then reply to you via our Gmail account email address "emmas.cruises@gmail.com".
If you would like your message to be removed, please let us know.
Pre-bookings
In the event of a pre-booking, we require your name. Your name will be given to the respective boat owner/operator.No other personal information is requested.
Bookings
To complete a booking, a party leader is required to be named. This person will is required to provide us with their full name, postal address, email address, telephone number and date of birth. This information is given to the boat owner/operator.
Booking forms which are completed on this web site and the information which is submitted is stored on this server. They are removed after 12 months. If you require your data to be removed before this time please contact us.
For payments via card or wire transfer, we will be notified by the bank of the payer's name and postal address. No banking details are stored on this server.
We are required to keep all payment and billing information for five years which we do so on paper which is stored securely in our office.