http://www.greatimesfunpark.com/privacy
Login
Search
About »
General Pricing
Group Rates & Lock-Ins
Corporate Parties & Picnics
Calendar
Restaurant
FAQ
Specials
Attractions »
Game Room
Go-Karts
Bumper Boats
Miniature Golf
Indoor Playland
Parties »
Birthday Parties
Birthday Invitations
Birthday Thank You
Team Parties
Contact Us »
Join Email List
Privacy Statement
Greatimes Fun Park is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Greatimes Fun Park site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Greatimes Fun Park site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Greatimes Fun Park collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Greatimes Fun Park also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Greatimes Fun Park. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by Greatimes Fun Park for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Greatimes Fun Park site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Greatimes Fun Park public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Greatimes Fun Park
does not read any of your private online communications.
Greatimes Fun Park encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Greatimes Fun Park so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Greatimes Fun Park is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Greatimes Fun Park
and Greatimes Fun Park family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Greatimes Fun Park collects and uses your personal information to operate the Greatimes Fun Park
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Greatimes Fun Park also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Greatimes Fun Park and its affiliates. Greatimes Fun Park may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Greatimes Fun Park does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Greatimes Fun Park may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Greatimes Fun Park
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Greatimes Fun Park, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Greatimes Fun Park does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Greatimes Fun Park keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Greatimes Fun Park, in order to determine what Greatimes Fun Park services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Greatimes Fun Park to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Greatimes Fun Park Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Greatimes Fun Park or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Greatimes Fun Park; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Greatimes Fun Park, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Greatimes Fun Park Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Greatimes Fun Park pages, or
register with Greatimes Fun Park site or services, a cookie helps Greatimes Fun Park
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Greatimes Fun Park Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Greatimes Fun Park
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Greatimes Fun Park services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Greatimes Fun Park secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Greatimes Fun Park secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Greatimes Fun Park will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Greatimes Fun Park encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Greatimes Fun Park is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Greatimes Fun Park welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Greatimes Fun Park has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Greatimes Fun Park at mail@greatimesfunpark.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2020 by Greatimes Fun Park