https://www.yale.edu/privacy
Skip to Main Content
It looks like you're trying to zoom in on this page. For best results: use the most recent version of your browser, disable your browser's 'zoom text only' setting, and use your browser's default font size settings.
To zoom in, use [Ctrl] + [+] in Windows, and [Cmd] + [+] on a Mac. To zoom out, use the keyboard shortcut [Ctrl] + [-] in Windows and [Cmd] + [-] on a Mac.
BreadcrumbHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Yale University is committed to protecting your privacy.
Any information you voluntarily provide to us through a Yale University website, such as an email address, name, or phone number, will never be sold to other colleges, universities, non-profit organizations, or businesses.
Information gathered automatically
Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, or opt-out, Yale University, like most institutions and organizations on the Internet, tracks web browsing patterns to inform understanding of how our sites are being used. Generic information is collected through the use of “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all of our websites.
Some sections of Yale University-owned websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Yale University maintains a security operations unit, charged with monitoring the security of Yale University systems, IT infrastructure, and IT network. Industry-standard practices are employed to monitor these IT assets for signs of vulnerability, attack and/or compromise.
Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics terms of use and Google’s privacy practices.
Information you provide to us
To communicate effectively with visitors to our website, we may ask you for personally-identifiable information that can include, by way of illustration, name, email address, or phone number. Yale University will never sell personally-identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us such as name, email address, or phone number, to other colleges, universities, nonprofit organizations, or businesses unless we have your consent to sell the information.
External links
Some Yale University websites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with, Yale University in any way. Yale University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you may contact:
Yale University
Office of Public Affairs & Communications
203.432.1333
Yale University
Search
Navigation
Main Navigation
About YaleAcademicsAdmissionsResearch & CollectionsLife at Yale
Secondary Navigation
CalendarsGivingNewsDirectories
Gateway Navigation
StudentsFacultyStaffAlumni