https://www.venturi.com/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
01. Data controller
The controller of any personal data that are collected is: Mr Gildo Pallanca Pastor.
VENTURI AUTOMOBILES, company organized under Monegasque law(registration number: 01S03922) established at Gildo Pastor Center, 7, rue du Gabian, 98000 Monaco, Tel. : +377 99 99 52 00, Fax : +377 99 99 53 23, Email : info@venturi.com
In case of any questions about the confidentiality policy concerning users personal data and their rights, users may contact VENTURI AUTOMOBILES at the following address: Gildo Pastor Center, 7, rue du Gabian, 98000 Monaco, Tel. : +377 99 99 52 00, Fax : +377 99 99 53 23, Email : info@venturi.com
02. Collected personal data
Whenever they use the Site, VENTURI AUTOMOBILES may collect any of the following personal data about the users:
–  surname and forename,
–  contact details,
–  role and contact details within the entity which employs them or with which they work,
–  e-mail address(es),
–  any information on subjects they choose to share;
– any information provided in the context of the presentation of proposed services;
– any relevant information required under a legal or regulatory obligation
– IP address(es),
– cookies and browsing habits.
The collection shall be restricted to data which are suitable, relevant and strictly necessary for the purpose of the processing.
03. Purposes and legal basis of the processing
Personal data may be collected for a number of purposes, not least to:
– browsing activity on the Site and consultation of the different tabs accessible on the Site,
– providing any information about VENTURI AUTOMOBILES, its activities, services and products,
– replying to messages sent sent to info@venturi.com,
– sending information about VENTURI AUTOMOBILES’ activities,
– recruiting via the “Career” email address.
The purposes of the processing operations carried out by VENTURI AUTOMOBILES include, but are not limited to, the following:
Use of the Site: consultation of the different tabs, completing the Contact tab on the Site
In this case, the legal basis of the processing is user consent.
Communication: general information by post or e-mail
In this case, the legal basis of the processing is user consent.
Recruitment
In this case, the legal basis of the processing is user consent and the preparation of a potential contractual formalisation of an agreement.
Cookies
The Site uses cookies (files which are stored on users computer when they visit the Site). In this case, the legal basis of the processing is user consent. The type of cookie may be created with the solely aim of recognising the said user when he or she subsequently views the Site.
Users are reminded that they may prevent cookies from being created on their computer by configuring the internet browsing software (Internet Explorer, Netscape, etc.) accordingly. The internet users are referred accordingly to the user guide (“Help” section in the browser toolbar) for the internet browsing software or may obtain any such information as deemed useful from the publisher of the said software.
04. Recipients of the personal data
In fulfilment of the purposes described above, users data shall be exclusively accessible:
– by individuals who are part of VENTURI AUTOMOBILES or its affiliates, who are required to access them in the performance of their tasks and, in general, in the context of the provision of the services offered (general information, news, contact form);
– by VENTURI AUTOMOBILES’ processors, including OVH (host of the website) and Mailchimp (email marketing service)
Users personal data are transferred outside the European Union, exclusively when concerning requests that require Venturi North America’s field of expertise.
05. Retention of the personal data
The data are retained for a period which does not exceed the duration required for the purposes for which they are collected:
– for Site visitors: VENTURI AUTOMOBILES retains the personal data for at least 1 (one) year following the first exchange with the user or its visit to the Site.
– for contacts: VENTURI AUTOMOBILES retains the personal data for the period required to fulfil the processing purpose and for at least 1 (one) year following the first exchange with the user.
– for cookies : VENTURI AUTOMOBILES retains information concerning browsing by the internet user, as provided by the ’cookie’ on the Site for at least 1 (one) year minimum.
06. Users rights
Right of access
Upon request and at no charge, VENTURI AUTOMOBILES conveys information about any of the user personal data that are processed and, if necessary, issues a copy to the attention of the user.
Right to rectification
If the user personal data are inaccurate or incomplete, it has the right to request that they be rectified.
Right to erasure
The user can ask for its personal data to be erased in certain cases, especially when these date are no longer useful, subject to legal and regulatory obligations with respect to the data in question. If the user has the right to have its personal data erased and if they have been made public, VENTURI AUTOMOBILES shall take any possible and reasonable measures to erase them and, in view of available technologies, to inform any third parties that process the related data to erase them.
Right to object
The user may object to the processing of its personal data. In the event of objection, VENTURI AUTOMOBILES shall bring the processing to an end, unless it is in line with an urgent legitimate interest.
Right to restrict processing
The user may request a restriction on the processing of its personal data in some cases, not least if it disputes the accuracy of the personal data or in the event of objection.
Right to withdraw the consent
If the data are processed on the basis of the user consent, it may withdraw its consent at any time in the future without undermining the legality of the processing operations based on the consent and carried out prior to the withdrawal of the consent.
Right to data portability
If applicable, according to the purpose and the legal basis of the processing, the user has the right to obtain personal data conveyed according to applicable regulations, re-use them, or ask VENTURI AUTOMOBILES to transfer them to any third party of its choice.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
The user has the right not to be submitted to a decision based on exclusively automated processes, including profiling, unless they are related to the performance of a contract or compliance with legal obligations.
Right to a digital will
The user may provide general or specific instructions relating to the future of its personal data after its death.
Right to lodge a complaint with the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) in the event of an issue with the processing of personal data.
Exercising these rights
The user may exercise any and all of its rights at any time by contacting VENTURI AUTOMOBILES, Gildo Pastor Center, 7, rue du Gabian, 98000 Monaco, Tel. : +377 99 99 52 00, Fax : +377 99 99 53 23, Email : info@venturi.com
07. Confidentiality and security of users personal data
VENTURI AUTOMOBILES undertakes to guarantee the confidentiality and security of any personal data disclosed to it, on the basis of a security policy and appropriate technical measures.
In fact, VENTURI AUTOMOBILES undertakes to protect and secure the personal data that users have chosen to disclose in order to guarantee their confidentiality and to prevent them from being distorted, damaged, destroyed or revealed to unauthorised third parties.
VENTURI AUTOMOBILES has implemented material, electronic and organizational protective measures to prevent any loss, improper use and unauthorised access, distribution, alteration or destruction of these personal data (through the control and monitoring of access to premises and servers). These protective measures include the integration by VENTURI AUTOMOBILES of advanced technologies which are specially designed to protect personal data during their transfer and to prevent errors in transmission or unauthorised acts on the part of third parties, unless the uses are beyond the reasonable control of VENTURI AUTOMOBILES.
In this regard, it is important that any user makes sure that no unauthorised access is gained to its personal data.
The recipients of data and processors are bound by the same obligations.