http://www.kahlua.com/us/legal/cookies-policy/
Cookies Policy
Subject to your consent when required by applicable law, our website uses cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”).
This Cookies Policy (the "Policy") describes how The Absolut Company AB, a corporation duly organized under the laws of Sweden, with business address at Marieviksgatan 19B, 117 43 Stockholm, Sweden ("The Absolut Company", “TAC”, or "we"), is committed to respecting your privacy regarding its use of cookies on its websites, applications, pages on social media etc. (the "Digital Media").
Before using our Digital Media, please read carefully this Cookie Policy (including the Privacy Policy). If you do not agree to this Cookies Policy or the Privacy Policy, do not use our Digital Media.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookies Policy or the Privacy Policy at any time. Such change should occur in a near future to take into account the e-Privacy Regulation provisions which is currently debated at the EU Parliament level. The purpose of this Policy is to reflect the rules which are applied now by The Absolut Company until the e-Privacy Regulation is definitively applicable.
We will notify you of such changes to this Cookies Policy or the Privacy Policy. You are thus invited to regularly read this Cookies Policy or the Privacy Policy to make sure you are aware of any change and how your Personal Data may be used.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files or pieces of information that are stored on your computer or mobile device (such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit our Digital Media. A cookie will usually contain the name of the website/application from which the cookie has come from, the duration of the cookie (i.e. how long the cookie will remain on your device), and a value, which is usually a randomly generated unique number.
Why do we use cookies?
We use cookies to make our Digital Media easier to use and to better tailor our Digital Media and our products to your interests and needs.
Cookies can do this because our Digital Media can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of our Digital Media more convenient (for example by remembering preference settings).
Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities and experience on our Digital Media. We also use cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Digital Media and to help us improve the structure and content of our Digital Media.
What are the different types of cookies we use?
The types of cookies that we may use can be either session or persistent, or first party or third party cookies.
Persistent cookies are used to save your login information and remember your settings for future logins to our Digital Media. A persistent cookie is a cookie stored as a file on your computer, and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the Digital Media that created it when you visit it again.
Session ID cookies are used to enable certain features of our Digital Media and services, to better understand how you interact with our Digital Media and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. They usually store an anonymous session identifier on your computer allowing you to browse a website / application (for example) without having to log in to each page.
First party cookies are our own cookies, which we use to improve your experience. They are associated with a user's Personal Data. No third party has access to the information we collect through our own cookies.
Third party cookies are cookies placed on our Digital Media by third parties to provide their services, including advertising cookies. They set cookies (third party cookies) on your device on our behalf when you visit our Digital Media to allow them to deliver the services they are providing. You will find more information about these cookies in their privacy policies.
You will find below a list of the different types of cookies we use on our Digital Media. To the extent information collected through cookies constitutes Personal Data, the provisions in the Privacy Policy apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are first party cookies which are strictly necessary for our Digital Media to work and to use its services and features.  Without these cookies, our Digital Media will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Digital Media or certain services or features thereof you request.
We also use technical cookies which allow our Digital Media to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) for customization and personalization purposes. These cookies do not gather any information about you that will be used for advertising purposes or to remember your browsing history on the internet.
Who is placing the cookie ?
Type
Description/purpose
The Absolut Company
Persistent cookie
Cookie Policy Visibility Cookies: The Absolut Company installs a cookie on your computer which indicates whether or not you have been informed of the use of cookies through a banner notice being displayed, and then whether you have indicated your consent to the use of cookies by continuing to use the website/application or service, so that the banner will not continue to show every time you visit a page.
The Absolut Company
Persistent cookie
Device Identifier Cookie: The Absolut Company installs a cookie on your computer which identifies you and tells the Website/application that you are logged in.
The Absolut Company
Persistent cookie
User Local Cookie: The Absolut Company installs a cookie which is used to remember local specific selections made by you such as language preferences.
Google Tag Manager
Persistent cookie
Streamlines the process of creating tags to send user interaction data to Google Analytics.
These cookies are necessary to the operation of our Digital Media, are considered as non-privacy intrusive cookies improving internet experience and therefore they do not necessitate consent and you cannot opt-out to their use.
Social Media Plug-in Cookies
We use buttons to enable sharing of pages with social networking sites. These buttons may place a third party cookie on your device, which could gather usage information.
Our Digital Media uses the following social media cookies:
Who is placing the cookie
Type
Description/purpose
Facebook
Persistent cookie
Facebook Social Media Button: Cookies are used to facilitate the sharing of content of our Digital Media on Facebook.
Twitter
Persistent cookie
Twitter Social Media Button: Cookies are used to facilitate the sharing of content of our Digital Media on Twitter.
To opt out of being tracked by the Facebook Social Media Button and Twitter Social Media Button on all the websites you visit, go to the General Account Settings of your Facebook and Twitter accounts, locate and click the opt-out link.
Analytics Cookies
Our Digital Media may also use Google Analytics cookies. These third party cookies collect information about how you use and move around our Digital Media. For example, these will keep track of what pages are most visited, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Digital Media, to track users’ movements around our Digital Media and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Our Digital Media use the following analytical cookies:
Who is placing the cookie
Type
Description/purpose
Google
Persistent and session ID cookies
Google Analytics: The cookies Google Analytics work together to give us information about how people use our Digital Media.
GA Audiences
Persistent
Analytics: The GA Audiencies cookies give us information about demographics of those who visit our website.
Optimizely
Persistent
Analytics: The Cookies Optimizely help to uniquely identify visitors, track their actions, and deliver consistent experiences across page loads. It is also used for A/B-testing.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics cookies on all the websites you visit, go to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Marketing and profiling cookies
We work with third-party advertising companies to serve ads while you are visiting our Digital Media and permit these companies to place and access their own cookies on your device in the course of serving advertisements on our Digital Media. These companies may use information obtained through their cookie (which does not include your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to our and other websites/applications, in combination with non-personally identifiable information about your purchases and interests from other online sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Our Digital Media uses the following advertising cookies:
Who is placing the cookie
Type
Description/purpose
BlueKai
Persistent cookies
Profiling tag. BlueKai installs a tracker on the user's devices which collects data on the browsing of the user on different websites using the tracker's unique ID number. Pernod Ricard uses the data to profile the users and define detailed market segments, for use in the marketing campaign strategy.
Google (DoubleClick)
Persistent cookies
Advertising Cookie. The Google advertising cookies are used to customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search. For example, these cookies are used to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website.
Rubicon
Persistent cookies
Advertising Cookie. Rubicon uses pixels to synchronize information with information independently collected by our customers and other third parties that are interested in providing you with ads.
Quantcast
Persistent cookies
Marketing Cookie. Quantcast cookies help to analyze Log Data from 3rd party websites and combine with non-personal identifiable Information to produce audience reports.
Turn Inc.
Persistent cookies
Marketing Cookie. Amobee uses cookies in order to better understand the effectiveness of particular advertisements.
Adobe Audience Manager
Persistent cookies
Marketing Cookie. Audience Manager sets this cookie to assign a unique ID to a site visitor. The demdexcookie helps Audience Manger to perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
To opt out of being tracked by BlueKai on all the websites you visit, go to http://www.bluekai.com/consumers.php#optout.
To opt out of being tracked by Google advertising cookies on all the websites you visit, go to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Flash cookies
We also use Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) and similar technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience.
You can learn how to manage Flash Cookies by visiting the following website: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager06.html.
Please note that rejecting Flash cookies is likely to mean that our Digital Media will not operate properly and accordingly you will not be able to take full advantage of the Digital Media.
How long are cookies stored?
Cookies will have a maximum retention period after being placed on the user's terminal as required by applicable law.
How to control cookies on our Digital Media?
Except for cookies which qualify as essential, the cookies described above will be installed on your computer only if you continue your browsing after having read the banner appearing on the home page.
You can also control how your browser uses cookies and your browser's ‘Help' function should be able to tell you how to do this.
Please note that depending on the cookies you disable, you may not be able to view content or use other features of our Digital Media and may find that parts of our Digital Media either do not function at all or behave unexpectedly.
If you use different devices to view and access our Digital Media (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
How to contact us ?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about your our use of cookies please contact privacy@kahlua.com .
Last Update: 01 June 2020
×
Join our email list
Keep up-to-date with the latest tasty news from Kahlúa
By clicking submit, you agree to receive news and invites from Kahlúa and other trusted brands from Pernod Ricard USA.
Submit