https://www.rivertrip.com/page.cfm?id=privacy
American River Rafting | California Whitewater Rafting | California Rafting | Beyond Limits Adventures
American River Rafting
Connect
Sign up for specials and discounts
Toggle navigation
Home
Trips
Find your trip
South Fork American River trips
Upper Half Day Rafting
Lower Half Day Rafting
All Day Trip - Full River
River Tubing
Prices
Discounts
Reservations
Calendar
Features
Rafting Deals
River Conditions
Terms and conditions
Redeem your Coupon
Beyond Limits News
Special Events
Camping
Why Choose Us?
Brochure Request
Location
Contact
Call
Text
Email
Map
26  0  2 Google +1
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting www.rivertrip.com. We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you on the Internet and are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information and whether we disclose that information to anyone. What Information We Collect and How We Use It
Any information we collect on our Site generally falls into the Personally Identifiable Information category.Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information.
Ordering - When you place an order for products or services, we collect Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, contact and billing information, credit card, and other transaction information). We use this information to deliver your order, process payment, and to communicate with you about the status of your order. Credit card information submitted with your order is used only for payment processing and is not retained on our Site.
Sharing Your Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any Personally Identifiable Information we collect online unless we have your permission. Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us will be used for your purchases and retained in hard copy form of the original invoice as well as within our database system, which generates our invoices.
On rare occasion, we may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release Personally Identifiable Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
Links To Other Web Sites
Links to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience, or to provide additional information for various other goods and services. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Changes To This Statement
Any updates or changes to the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site and the date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any Personally Identifiable Information at our Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed. By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.Contact Us
If you have any concerns about our use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send an e-mail to info@rivertrip.com. We will make every reasonable effort to address your concerns and remedy any problems you bring to our attention.
Book Your TripView Trips »
Plan a new trip
Add to an existing trip
Submit
Check availability
Starting:
Ending:
Guests:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
Need help booking?Call 800-234-7238 or Contact Us
Hi Guys!Just want to say thank you for a great day! You made my birthday fantastic and mike our guide was so Much fun. We will definitely be back.
August 2014, South Fork American - 1 Day Trip