https://www.torquayholidaypark.com.au/privacy/
You are using an outdated version of Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser, which does not display modern web sites properly (including this one). To ensure you always see sites at their best and your browser security is up to date, it is highly recommended that you upgrade to a modern browser.
PrivacyTorquay Holiday Park (https://www.torquayholidaypark.com.au) respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. We thus take extraordinary steps to handle any personal information collected on our website only in ways compatible with this Privacy Policy.This website may collect certain information about your visit – such as the name of the internet service provider and the internet protocol (IP) address through which you access the internet, the date and time you access the site, the page(s) that you visit while on the site, and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.Torquay Holiday Park is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. We do not (or will never) sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in our privacy statement below. This information is only used to administer our website, analyse trends and to generally help improve our site, and will never result in your receiving of spam e-mails.Information gathered from visitorsIn common with other websites, log files are stored on the Torquay Holiday Park web server - saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.
This information is not linked to a visitor's personal identification in any way.Information entered on our enquiry form - including, but not limited to, email addresses - will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties.Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username may be stored on the server. Email addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to third parties.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor's hard drive containing information about the visitor. Cookies and tracking technologies are useful for gathering information, such as browser types and operating systems, tracking the number of visitors to a website and understanding how visitors use the websites they browse. This information can help customise a website for specific users. Torquay Holiday Park generally uses cookies for login convenience only.LinksThis Privacy Policy applies solely to Torquay Holiday Park. We are not necessarily aware of, nor are responsible for, differences in privacy statements of external websites linked to or from ours.Changes to our policyWe may need to update this policy from time to time, in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our website. Please refer back to this policy regularly.Continued use of the Torquay Holiday Park website signifies your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.