http://www.juniperestate.com.au/terms_and_conditions
Newsletter Signup
JOIN OUR WINE CLUB
Trade Section
JOIN OUR WINE CLUB
SIGNUP FOR NEWSLETTER BUY WINE
Toggle navigation
NEWS
OUR STORY
WINE CLUB
OUR WINE
THE ESTATE
REVIEW &AMP AWARDS
DISTRIBUTORS
CONTACT
LINKS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Terms and conditions for Juniper Estate Orders
ORDERING & PAYMENT
You can order Juniper wines online, by phoning +61 8 9755 9000 during business hours, Western Standard Time [WST] between 10am – 5pm or email cellardoor@juniperestate.com.au Payment is accepted by credit card (Visa or Mastercard) or by Pay Pal.
SHIPPING & DISPATCH
Freight charges apply per box, even if less than 12 bottles. Perth metro area is $10.00. Western Australia Country is $15.00. All other states is $25.00. Members of ‘The Wine Messenger’ Wine Club are entitled to free shipping on full dozens shipments. For international freight rates, prices are available on application. However we also encourage you to contact our distributors in the various countries we export to.
Wines will be shipped from the winery within 3 working days from clearance of payment.
Australia Post is the carrier used within Australia. Please provide instructions for delivery if you are not home as delivery is between normal business hours, in the event that no alternative instructions for delivery is advised the wine will be carded and returned to the nearest Australia Post Office for collection. Deliveries cannot be made on weekends or public holidays.
If your wine does not arrive within 10 working days of your order being received, please email steve@juniperestate.com.au or call +61 8 9755 9000.
AGE RESTRICTION
You must be 18 years to order wine from this web site. It is an offence to obtain liquor on behalf of a person under the age of 18 years. By purchasing any of our wines, you warrant that you and the recipient of this order are at least 18 years of age.
REFUNDS & RETURNS
On the rare occasions that incorrect goods are delivered Juniper will fully refund or replace the bottles concerned, including return shipping costs, providing they are returned unopened within one month of delivery. If a wine is found to be faulty we will be happy to offer a replacement or refund. Notification must be given to us within 5 working days of delivery. All reasonable steps will be taken to ensure your wine is received in good condition. Should your wine not arrive in satisfactory condition please contact us within 5 working days. Whilst your wine will be replaced or fully refunded, Juniper requires damaged goods to be returned within 21 working days so we can take action with the carrier.
In the event that we have run out of an item on your order, we will endeavour to contact you to arrange a replacement. Where an item ordered is not available we may accept the order for the remaining items ordered which are available. However, at peak times of the year, we do reserve the right to replace out of stock items with another of equal value.
WEB SITE SECURITY
All pages on our website are hosted on 128-bit shared SSL security and whilst we make all reasonable endeavours to ensure the integrity and security of the server, we do not guarantee that the server will be free from unauthorised use or hacking. Juniper is an Australian company and any dispute or claims that arise from using this web site must be made and settled under Australian law. Juniper may vary these Terms and Conditions from time to time. Any variations will be posted on the website.
PRIVACY POLICY
Juniper Margaret River trading as Juniper Estate, and Juniper Crossing is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information. This Website Privacy Notice explains our policy for dealing with personal information that we collect through our website www.juniperestate.com.au.
Throughout this Policy, we refer to your "personal information" which means information which identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can be reasonably ascertained. Your home address and home telephone number are examples of personal information.
We will post any changes to this Website Privacy Notice on the Websites, so we encourage you to check this Website Privacy Notice from time to time.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
The information about you which we may collect through the Cellar Door, Events or Website includes:
-          information collected when you join our newsletter database, wine club, or opt in for notification on wine offers which will include personal information such as your email address.
-          the content of electronic forms you submit, requesting us to provide services or information, or take actions, for example the "Contact Us" form on the website.
-          information collected when you purchase merchandise or wine on-line.
-          information you provide to us via email, where you have used that email to request information or assistance with an on-line order.
You may browse some information-only areas of the Websites without providing any personal information, however we may not be able to provide the full range of services through the Websites if we are not provided with the information outlined above.
In common with many commercial websites we may also collect aggregated information which tells us about visitors to the Websites but not the identity of those visitors. For example, we may collect information about the date, time and duration of visits and which pages of the Websites are most commonly accessed. This information is used by us to help to administer and improve the Websites.
WEBSITE COOKIES
HTTP cookies, sometimes known as web cookies or just cookies, are parcels of text sent by a server to a web browser and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server. HTTP cookies are used for authenticating, tracking, and maintaining specific information about users, such as site preferences, how far a page is scrolled and the contents of their electronic shopping carts. Cookies are also subject to a number of misconceptions, mostly based on the erroneous notion that they are computer programs. In fact, cookies are simple pieces of data unable to perform any operation by themselves. In particular, they are neither spyware nor viruses, despite the detection of cookies from certain sites by many anti-spyware products. Most modern browsers allow users to decide whether to accept cookies, but rejection makes some websites unusable. For example, shopping baskets implemented using cookies do not work if cookies are rejected. The Websites do not use cookies to store any personal information.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may share personal information with other Juniper Margaret River entities and with third parties including our cellar door wineries, and organisations with whom we have co-promotional arrangements (and any third parties used in administering those arrangements). We may also share personal information with other service providers including organisations that assist us by providing archival, auditing, consulting, mailhouse, delivery, technology and security services. In addition to providing our services and information to you, we may use or disclose personal information that we collect about you:-
for the purposes for which it was collected; where you have consented to the use or disclosure; to maintain our relationship with you; to the extent that we are required or authorised by law to do so.
We may also use your personal information to keep you informed of our services, events, developments and other matters. If you do not wish to be contacted for those purposes, please let us know using the contact details set out below. We aim to provide you with information and invitations that we consider may be of interest or relevance to your business.
LINKS
The Websites may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of other organisations which may be of interest to you. Linked websites are responsible for their own privacy practices and you should check those websites for their respective privacy statements.
SECURITY
We use a number of mechanisms to protect the security and integrity of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as completely secure. So while we strive to protect such information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once any personal information comes into our possession, we will take reasonable steps to protect that information from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Some sections of the Websites protect your personal information by requiring you to use a password. For your own protection, we require you to keep this confidential.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
If you wish to request access to any other personal information which we hold about you as a result of our information collection practices outlined in this Website Privacy Notice, please contact us using the "Contact details" set out below. Please provide as much detail as you can about the particular information you seek, in order to help us retrieve it.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions or feedback about privacy, or wish to make a complaint about the way in which we have handled your personal information, you may contact us as set out below:
Juniper Margaret River PO Box 349, Margaret River WA 6284 Phone: (61) 08 9755 9000
PRICING
Prices are subject to alteration. We shall endeavour to update the website prices whenever a change takes place. All wines are offered subject to availability and remain the property of Juniper, Margaret River until payment is received in full. 10% GST payable on shipments within Australia is already included in the prices. Please contact us about international shipping and prices.
COPYRIGHT © 2003 - 2020 JUNIPER ESTATE FINE AUSTRALIAN WINE ABN 56 375 438 699
SITE MAP
NEWS
HOME
ABOUT
OUR WINES
THE ESTATE
CELLAR DOOR
WINE CLUB
REVIEW & AWARDS
LINKS
CONTACT US
DISTRIBUTORS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
WARNING Under the Liquor Control Act 1988, it is an offence: To sell or supply liquor to a person under the age of 18 years on licensed or regulated premises; or For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase, or attempt to purchase, liquor on licensed or regulated premises
Producer's Licence #6180045740   Licensee: Gillian M Anderson   98 Tom Cullity Drive Cowaramup WA 6284   Tel (08) 9755 9000
This product includes GeoLite2 data created by MaxMind, available from https://www.maxmind.com.
COPYRIGHT © 2003 - 2020 JUNIPER ESTATE FINE AUSTRALIAN WINE ABN 56 375 438 699
×
Login to your account
Dont have an Account? Signup now!
I forgot my username
Forgot your password?
×
I forgot my username
Email
×
I forgot my username
Email
×
Subscribe Newsletter
Close
Designed by Freeway Design   Powered by Kinetic