http://www.endota.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
offers terms and conditions
Spring Wellness Collection Box offer
Receive 10% off in-spa treatments and products.
*Receive 10% off in-spa treatments and endota product purchases when you next visit. Valid on any product purchases at endota.com.au and online (excluding sale items). To redeem online, enter the promocode you received from your Spring Wellness Collection Box at check-out online. To redeem in-spa, present your 10% offer card at your next visit. Valid until 31 December 2020.
Offer excludes gift cards and sale items. No rainchecks. Not available with any other offer, unless otherwise stated. endota spa reserves the right to cancel or change the promotion at any time. For any queries regarding this promotion call 03 5971 8700 or email info@endota.com.au
Shop now
General Terms and Conditions
Gift Voucher and Gift Cards
Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards can be redeemed for endota product online. Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards can be redeemed towards any endota spa product or service at any endota spa. Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards cannot be redeemed for cash. Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards cannot be exchanged for any other legal tender (cash, EFTPOS, credit card or gift card).
Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards are the equivalent of cash. If lost or stolen, cards will not be replaced. Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards are non-refundable. For Gift Cards sold after 31st of March 2018 your Gift Card or e-Gift Card will come with a 3 year expiry date from the date of purchase, this is not retrospective. Expired Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards do not retain any value. endota spa reserves the right to change services without notice. Gift Cards and e-Gift Cards must be presented upon arrival. Cancellations within 24 hours of your appointment may result in a cancellation fee being charged to the Gift Card(s) or e-Gift Card(s). You cannot use your Gift Card or e-Gift Card for treatments on a public holiday. e-Gift Cards are automatically emailed to the requested email address.
A delivery fee of $10 (flat rate) applies to all Gift Cards mailed to an address within Australia. Gift Cards redeemed for treatments on a Sunday may incur a surcharge. To send Gift Cards to multiple addresses, please email our support centre via info@endotaspa.com.au with your details.
Shop Gift Vouchers
Terms & Conditions
Afterpay
See full Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Promotional Gift Cards
Promotional Gift Cards can be redeemed towards any Endota spa product online. Promotional Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase Gift Cards or be redeemed for cash. Promotional Gift Cards expire 3 months from the date of issue. Promotional Gift Card must be redeemed in one transaction. Not to be used in conjunction with any other offer or Gift Card. Promotional Gift Cards are redeemable on full price products. If lost or stolen, cards will not be replaced. Promotional Gift Cards cannot be redeemed for treatments on a public holiday.
Terms & Conditions
Qantas Points
Earn Qantas Points by shopping online at endota spa.
View full Terms & Conditions
Free Shipping on all orders over $75*
*Free shipping only applies to product orders, excludes Gift Cards. A $10 fee applies to all shipping on Gift Cards. 'Self-care packs' or the product 'Signature hand cream and gift box' do not count towards the $75 order minimum to qualify for free shipping.
Welcome backContinue your at-home wellness journey with an endota online account. Enjoy the convenience of shopping online, booking your next treatment or discovering a new stretch and mediation practice with our online retreat masterclasses. Enter your email and password to sign-in:
Cancel Sign in Forgot passwordCreate AccountJoin (free) today and enjoy reconnecting with your ‘bestme’. Sign-up for an endota account via the link below:Sign up Reset your passwordPlease verify that you are not a robot. Send reset emailBack to sign in Create New AccountSign up with endota to start your at-home wellness journey and enjoy the convenience of storing your treatment bookings, purchases and gift card balances as well as discovering a new yoga and mediation practice with our online retreat masterclasses.