https://www.raceways.net/privacy-policy/
Home
Sales
Bikes for Sale
Sales Information
Finance
Bike Insurance
Fleet
Promotions Photoshoot and media hire
Accident Management Services
Rentals
Bikes for Rent
Rental Information
Book A Service
News
Online Store
Parts & Accessories
My Account
Cart
About Us
Who We Are
Awards and Recognition
Testimonials
Add A Testimonial
FAQs
Gift Vouchers
Contact us
Rental Information
Newsletter Subscribe
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Our website uses cookies to help us differentiate you from other users. We use cookies so we can improve the website in order to provide our visitors with a good experience.
Any personal information you share with us is solely used to contact you in relation to your enquiry or to inform you of any new changes or developments within Raceways Motorcycles. We may also contact you about new products and services we offer that may interest you. Additionally, we would use your information to conduct business with you related to your contract with us. We do not pass your information to any other party without your consent, except if and where required by law. We may also just use information where linked with your purchase example registering warranties, licensing or insurance purposes.
IP addresses are only used to analyse and administer our website.
We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal data you provide to us in accordance
with the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive)
Regulations 2003 and other applicable privacy laws.
We only use your information to complete necessary sales or services required and to send
marketing material if you have opted in.
Collecting personal information
When you make purchases from Raceways motorcycles (including purchases made in-store or via our Website) we may collect the following personal data about you:
• your name, age, date of birth and sex
• your billing and delivery postal addresses, phone, fax and e-mail details
Any changes to the privacy policy will be regularly updated on this page. We protect and respect your privacy.
If you have any concerns regarding this policy please do not hesitate to contact us.
Business hours: Mon – Sat 9:00am to 5:00pm Address: 201/203 Lower Road, Surrey Quays, London SE16 2LWEmail: info@raceways.net, Tel: 02072376494Copyright © 2015 Raceways Motorcycles
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Shipping
Newsletter Subscribe