http://www.breakawaytours.com/terms-and-conditions/
About
Our Tours
Montreal
Quebec City Family Day
Quebec City March Break
Become A Rep
More
FAQ
Forms
Peace of Mind Protection
Parents
My Profile
Book Now
About
Our Tours
Montreal Family Day
Montreal Summer
Quebec City Family Day
Quebec City March Break
Become A Rep
More
FAQ
Forms
Peace of Mind Protection
Parents
My Profile
Book Now
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
I understand that I have booked with 2417988 Ontario Inc., carrying on business as Breakaway Tours and Montreal March Break ["Breakaway Tours"], a corporation operating in accordance with the Ontario Travel Industry Act, licensed in the Province of Ontario [Travel Industry Council of Ontario Registration Number: 50021560], and Business Practices and Consumer Protection Authority Act (BC), licensed in the Province of British Columbia [Consumer Protection BC License Number: 71169]. Breakaway Tours makes arrangements with suppliers who provide travel services such as air travel, cruises, hotels, buses, sightseeing, car rental or other activities included in, or offered in addition to, a tour package. Breakaway Tours does not control, operate, own or manage any vehicle, hotel, resort, cruise ship, restaurant or other supplier of services.
Price, Taxes & Fees
I understand prices are per person in either Canadian or US Dollars unless otherwise stated and are subject to availability at the time of booking. Pricing is based on the occupancy chosen; should your occupancy change for any reason you are responsible for paying any difference in price. A non-refundable travel counselling fee is included in the package price. This contract permits price increases. The prices advertised are based on the costs of the suppliers at the time of booking. These costs are dependant on fuel costs, rate of exchange and other factors and the price may increase due to a change in these fixed costs. If the price increase is greater than 7%, unless the increase is a result of an increase in retail sales tax or federal goods and services tax, the passenger has the right to cancel and obtain a full refund.
Billing & Payments
I understand as a Breakaway Tours passenger and parent/guardian, you agree to provide Breakaway Tours with complete and accurate billing information at the time your account is created and to update this information within 15 days of any change. Such billing information includes but is not limited to your legal name, mailing address, and telephone number(s) and any applicable e-mail addresses. Providing false billing information shall be cause for immediate and permanent termination of your reservation.
Payment Due Dates
All of our trips are broken into easy-to-pay monthly instalments with the balance payment due two months prior to the departure date. Payment dates are displayed during the online booking process. Registered passengers can find their specific payment schedule under the Payment Info tab of your My Profile. All monthly payments are mandatory, failure to make a payment may result in your losing your place on the trip and/or your early booking price. Late payments may also be subject to a late fee. You need to make all payments according to the payment schedule in order to ensure your space on the trip.
Payment for Services Received
You agree to pay for all of the services you receive.
Data Privacy Policy
Breakaway Tours agrees not to use cardholder names, account numbers or other credit card transaction information embossed, encoded, or appearing in any other manner on a card for any purpose other than for the sole purpose of assisting Breakaway Tours in completing the transaction, or as specifically required by law. Breakaway Tours also agrees not to disclose this information to any third party other than the financial institution or its designated agent.
Payment Methods
Visa Debit and Credit Card: If the payment method is Visa debit or credit card, the customer may obtain a copy of the invoice upon request via email and it will be sent to the address listed on the email account. A copy of this invoice will also be sent to any email address on file, following any previous payment made. Breakaway Tours' system will automatically charge your credit card or visa debit card for the payment to pay each installment as they come due if there is an active card on the account. If for any reason your credit card company or bank refuses to make payment of the amount billed to your credit card, your account will be placed in a delinquent status, which may, at Breakaway Tours' sole discretion, include immediate termination of your reservation. It is your responsibility to contact Breakaway Tours with updated information and payment arrangements if you cancel the applicable credit card or Visa debit card if your card details change. Interac: If the payment method is Interac you must log-on to your online banking and make payment prior to the payment due date. If you miss a payment date it is your responsibility to contact Breakaway Tours and advise of the situation. Breakaway Tours reserves the right to cancel the reservation if a payment is not made. You are responsible for payment for the Services regardless of if you receive an invoice. Cash is not an acceptable form of payment and will not be accepted.
Delinquent or Non Payment
Breakaway Tours reserves the right to cancel and remove an account, without notice, those that have been placed on delinquent status and all payments made will be non-refundable. Breakaway Tours reserves the right to charge a $75 fee to reinstate cancelled reservations. Reinstated delinquent accounts may no longer be entitled to the Early Booking Bonus received at the time of the initial booking.
Cancellation of Services
All cancellation requests for Breakaway Tours accounts must be given in writing to info@breakawaytours.com to be effective. If your payment is set up via credit card it is your responsibility to ensure that such charges or withdrawals are stopped upon termination of service. Breakaway Tours' responsibility for any such charges collected after the alleged termination of service shall be limited to the Cancellation and Trip Credit Policy made after the written cancellation of your account. Cancellations will be effective as of the date received. Reinstated accounts may no longer be entitled to the Early Booking Bonus they received at the time of the initial booking.
Cancellation and Refund Policy
Regardless of your cancellation date, the initial deposit is non-refundable. If cancellation occurs within 60 days of the departure date or after the final payment date (whichever comes first), all monies received are nonrefundable. In the event of a trip cancellation more than 60 days prior to departure for BUS trips or more than 90 days prior to departure for FLIGHT trips or prior to the final payment date (whichever comes first), passengers will receive Trip Dollars for the amount paid up until that date, not including the initial deposit and the insurance premium if purchased. 1 Trip Dollar is equivalent to $1 that may be used towards a future trip with Breakaway Tours or with select travel partners at the discretion of Breakaway Tours. Trip Dollars do not expire. The initial trip deposit, insurance and any add-ons purchased, as well as any portion of the travel services that have been used or are expired, are non-refundable. Trip Dollars must be used in entirety for one trip – they cannot be combined, separated, or transferred between trips or passengers. Trip Dollars are only transferable to siblings, proof of which may be requested. Trip Dollars are void if the passenger cancels and receives any refund from any travel insurance company. No credit or refund will be assigned if the Trip Dollars exceeds the per person cost of the new trip. Meaning, if the new trip costs less than the passenger's Trip Dollars, there will be no refund or credit assigned for the difference. If the total cost of new trip exceeds the total Trip Dollars, the difference must be paid by the passenger in order to confirm the booking. If the passenger cancels for a second time, maximum 90 days prior to departure, after using the Trip Dollars to confirm the second trip booking, the original Trip Dollars will be rendered void. The passenger will be issued new Trip Dollars for the amount exceeding the initial deposit. Trip Dollars hold no cash value, and cannot be refunded for cash. Trip Dollars can only be used for Breakaway Tours vacation packages. Trip Dollars may not be used in conjunction with some promotional offers, special trips or discounts. Trip dollars are deducted from the total cost of the trip, meaning if the trip dollars applied do not cover the entire cost of the trip, passengers are required to follow the monthly payment schedule until the trip is paid in full.
Change of Name
A name change is possible subject to approval by our suppliers. To request a name change your account must be current and up to date. You cannot name change with an existing passenger, or anyone who was previously registered on your tour. There is no fee charged by Breakaway Tours for a name change, however our suppliers may in certain cases charge a fee. Within 30 days of departure name change requests are not accepted.
Suppliers
Breakaway Tours packages together services from tour operators and other suppliers of service [travel agencies, destination management companies, airlines, hotels, coach companies, ground operators, event planners and others] which, together, form the tour package you purchase, these are independent parties over which we exercise no direct control. Breakaway Tours shall not be liable for any claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses, delays or loss of enjoyment of any nature or kind whatsoever, to you or your traveling companions or group members, resulting from the acts, omissions or negligence of any of these independent parties.
Tour Packages
Tour Packages include the following [unless otherwise stated]: Return Airfare, Hotel Accommodation [number of nights and inclusions as stated], Hotel Transfers, Assistance at Destination. Departures generally occur between Thursday to Monday of the selected week, but can leave as early as Wednesday on the selected travel week or as late as the following Tuesday.Breakaway Tours reserves the right to withhold or change exact travel dates until the entire group has paid in full and/or it is within 60 days of the travel week selected. Breakaway Tours and suppliers reserve the right to cancel a tour or modify the travel service you have purchased by changing the destination, substituting services, varying the itinerary, changing the aircraft, hotel or otherwise up to the departure. In this case a comparable or superior product will be offered. Suppliers may have the right to substitute other suppliers in their place with or without notice to Breakaway Tours and/or passengers.Breakaway Tours does not assume responsibility for any claims whatsoever resulting from such substitution. Breakaway Tours reserves the right to change the destination, tour package and/or itinerary whenever, in its judgement, conditions warrant or it is deemed necessary for the convenience, comfort or safety of the tour.
Air Transportation
Breakaway Tours uses both scheduled and chartered air carriers. The routing may include a stopover or a connection via highway coach or air carrier. In some cases overnight stays in a city that is not your final destination may be required. In this case Breakaway Tours may provide overnight accommodation as part of the package price. It is the sole responsibility of the passenger to reconfirm inbound and outbound flight times with the respective carrier.Baggage allowances vary and should be verified with the air carrier. Airline tickets state the conditions of carriage and liabilities. Scheduled flight times are not guaranteed and may affect the duration of your stay at destination without any compensation. Expenses incurred due to delays or missed connections are beyond the control and responsibility of Breakaway Tours.
Bus Tour Packages
Unless otherwise stated bus tour packages include: Round Trip Motor Coach Transportation, Hotel Accommodation [number of nights as stated], Daily Schedule of Events & Activities, Additional Inclusions if applicable [as stated], Hotel Security and Staff on-site. Breakaway Tours and suppliers reserve the right to cancel a tour or modify the travel service you have purchased by substituting services, varying the itinerary, changing the type of transportation, hotel or otherwise up to the departure. In this case a comparable or superior product will be offered. Suppliers may have the right to substitute other suppliers in their place with or without notice to Breakaway Tours and/or passengers. Breakaway Tours will make every effort to accommodate passengers should a service be substituted, however, Breakaway Tours does not assume responsibility for any claims whatsoever resulting from such substitution. Breakaway Tours reserves the right to change the tour package and/or itinerary whenever, in its judgement, conditions warrant, or if deemed necessary for the convenience, comfort or safety of the tour.
Accommodation
The hotel accommodation selected is your preferred selection and may be substituted or modified for a hotel within the same category, or from a higher category, at any time. Reasons for a modification in hotel accommodation may include, but are not limited to: construction, change in hotel policy, change in services standards or overbooking.Hotel rooms are based on run-of-the-house room availability. Cots may be available at an extra cost but cannot be guaranteed. Certain hotels have a per diem charge for the use of safety deposit boxes. At the hotels discretion a security deposit may be required. Breakaway Tours requires a security damage deposit, or the purchase of room damage protection.Breakaway Tours does not hold responsibility for charges incurred by passengers in the hotel such as, but not limited to: mini-bar, room service, phone calls, safety deposit boxes or damage to the room or premises. Breakaway Tours is not liable and can not control the decision of the hotel management to remove a passenger from the hotel.
Damages
Unless otherwise stated, each room must choose collectively to make a damage deposit or pay a damage protection fee. The options are a $60 CAD/USD deposit - this deposit is refundable upon checkout, provided there is no damage. I understand and acknowledge that I and my roommates collectively are responsible for damages to the hotel room and common areas and that the deposit will be put towards the cost of any damage regardless of how caused, and that we will be responsible for the cost above the deposit amount; or, 20 CAD/USD protection fed, the fee is non refundable. I understand and acknowledge that only accidental damage will be covered if we selected the $20 protection. Hotel cleaning charges and/or smoking charges are not covered nor is any damage that is a result of a violation of the traveller guidelines. Accidental is defined as occurring without intent to damage, and is determined by Breakaway Tours and/or hotel staff. Damage which is the result of Intentional damage is not covered and will be the responsibility of the occupants. In the event that it is not clear if the damage was either accidental or intentional, the damage shall be deemed to be accidental. I understand the maximum damage covered is $500 CAD/USD per room and damage above this amount, even if accidental, will be the responsibility of the occupants of the room.
Rooming
Upon booking, passengers must select their desired room occupancy – the occupancy selected will affect the cost of the trip. Once room occupancy is chosen, passengers are responsible for selecting roommates based on that occupancy. Passengers must submit their roommate selection by the assigned deadline. If the passenger does not submit a request, an incomplete request is submitted, or the submitted request cannot be completed, Breakaway Tours will assign roommates of the same gender and group, and/ or adjust the passenger's occupancy as necessary. Should the number of people in your room change, whether it was changed at your request, circumstances out of your control or by Breakaway Tours when assigning rooms, you will be responsible for finding additional roommates to fill the space and/or paying the additional cost associated with an occupancy change. Breakaway Tours reserves the right to adjust room assignments based on hotel space and availability. The room occupancy of your choice may not always be available due to hotel space limitations and/or restrictions.
Living Standards
Living standards and practices at the destination and the standards and conditions there with respect to the provision of utilities, services and accommodation may differ from those found in Canada and the United States of America.
Insurance
Insurance may be included in your trip if stated. Additional insurance may be available for purchase, with restrictions as stated. The cost of insurance is non refundable if you cancel your trip. Insurance is only in effect from the date it is paid and added to your trip. Unless otherwise stated, for bus trips, the maximum amount of coverage for trip cancellation and/or interruption purposes is $500 CAD. Insurance does not cover international students, the policy coverage is for citizens of the country of departure. I understand it is the passenger and/or parent/guardians responsibility to review the terms and conditions of the travel insurance policy purchased. I understand that the travel insurance provider is the sole determiner for coverage and is an independent company which Breakaway Tours does not control or manage and Breakaway Tours is not responsible for any claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses, delays or loss of enjoyment of any nature or kind whatsoever, to me, resulting from the acts, omissions or negligence of the insurance provider.
Documentation
Breakaway Tours requires that every passenger have a valid government issued photo identification for domestic travel, and a valid passport when traveling out of their home country. In certain cases a visa or affidavit may be required. Please verify with the consulate or embassy of the country of travel to ensure that you have all necessary travel documents. Please note that entry to another country may be refused even if the required information and travel documents are complete. Breakaway Tours will neither reimburse nor assume responsibility for any passenger denied boarding or refused passage or entrance to any destination for any reason. It is the sole responsibility of the passenger to ensure proper and valid documentation.
No Affiliation or School
Tours are not school sanctioned.
Age of Majority
Passengers under the age of eighteen [18] participating on a tour must have permission from a parent or guardian. The legal age to consume alcohol at most destinations is eighteen [18]. Breakaway Tours does not condone the use of alcohol. Neither Breakaway Tours nor its suppliers assume responsibility for the enforcement of alcohol consumption by passengers. Abuse of alcohol can result in dismissal from the tour.
Passenger Conduct
Every passenger and if under the age of eighteen [18] a parent or guardian must sign the Breakaway Traveler Guidelines, the Breakaway Tours Terms & Conditions, and the Breakaway Tours Waiver & Release Agreement agreeing to the tour rules. The Breakaway Traveler Guidelines, the Breakaway Tours Terms & Conditions, and the Breakaway Tours Waiver & Release Agreement are available from Breakaway Tours or at www.breakawaytours.com/forms. The instructions of destination staff are for the safety of the tour and must be obeyed at all times. Failure to obey instructions can result in dismissal from the tour. Fighting will not be tolerated, anyone involved in fighting will be dismissed from the tour. Abuse of alcohol, regardless of age, can result in dismissal from the tour. Use of illegal drugs will result in dismissal from the tour. Neither Breakaway Tours nor its employees are responsible for passengers, or their actions, while travelling. Passengers should be aware that there may be different rules of law and/or living standards and conditions outside of their home province or state and Canada or the United States and conduct themselves accordingly. Breakaway Tours shall not be responsible for any damage, loss, injury or inconvenience resulting from different rules of law and/or living standards or any such changes and variations.
Force Majeure
Breakaway Tours shall not be liable for any claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses, delays or loss of enjoyment, of any nature or kind whatsoever, to you or your travelling companions or group members resulting from a Force Majeure, that is an event beyond our or a supplier's reasonable control including, but not limited to, acts of nature, strikes, lockouts or other labour disputes or disruptions, wars, blockades, insurrections, riots, earthquakes, weather conditions, floods or acts or restraints imposed by government authorities.
Comments and Complaints
At destination passengers should contact their tour representative and representatives of suppliers immediately for assistance to remedy any problem without delay. If a problem cannot be solved, please forward the specifics of the incident in writing to Breakaway Tours within ten [10] days after returning from the trip. Failing to do so will preclude a passenger from pursuing a claim. A monetary refund will not be offered as compensation for any post destination complaint.
Privacy
By registering the passenger and/or parent/guardian understands and acknowledges that Breakaway Tours may share this personal information with companies providing travel services including, but not limited to tour operators, airlines and hotels, and with other non-travel related companies, unless a written request is provided to Breakaway Tours stating otherwise. Registered passengers and/or parents/guardians also agree to be contacted by Breakaway Tours via email, phone, or mail with information relevant to their trip. Please see our Privacy Policy for additional details. Any photographs or videotape taken of passengers by Breakaway Tours or its affiliates shall remain the property of Breakaway Tours and may be used for promotional or marketing purposes without further permission or compensation.
Laws
The Breakaway Tours and Montreal March Break Terms & Conditions, Traveller Guidelines, and Release Waiver Agreement constitute a legally binding agreement between 2417988 Ontario Inc., operating as Breakaway Tours and Montreal March Break and the passenger and/or the legal parent or guardian and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications whether electronic, oral or written. By registering the passenger and/or parent/guardian agrees to the Terms & Conditions, Traveller Guidelines, and Release Waiver Agreement, and acknowledges that they must be signed and given to Breakaway Tours. The invalidity of any provision contained herein does not affect the validity of any other provision listed. For residents of Ontario: this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario. For residents of Canada outside of Ontario: this agreement shall be governed by and legal action against Breakaway Tours shall be heard before a court in the Province of British Columbia. For residents outside of Canada: this agreement shall be governed by and legal action against Breakaway Tours shall be heard before a court in the Province of Ontario.
By registering the passenger and/or parent/guardian agrees to the traveller guidelines outlined below, and acknowledges that they must be signed and given to Breakaway Tours.
TRAVELLER GUIDELINES
The Breakaway Tours Traveller Guidelines, Terms & Conditions, and Waiver & Release Agreement needs to be signed and handed in to your Breakaway Tours leader prior to boarding your bus.
Travel With Friends
Whether it's getting closer with your own crew, or meeting tons of new friends from across North America.
Explore More
Step out of your comfort zone. Explore your surroundings, be adventurous and get involved in all our Breakaway Tours activities and exclusive events.
Take Responsibility
Woohoo, freedom and independence! This trip is going to be unreal, however you need to take responsibility for your own actions. Act like a mature adult and we're all good!
Respect
Treat all Breakaway leaders, other guests, locals, and anyone you meet on your trip with respect. All good vibes, all the time.
How to Stay Safe
Our #1 priority is safety. Please be aware of our guidelines that are in place to keep you and your crew safe. Some are actual laws, but most are just common sense to keep you safe.
Fighting and violence is not tolerated. Anyone involved in a fight or altercation may be immediately removed from the trip at own cost.
Possession of illegal drugs is prohibited. Authorities may be contacted and will result in immediate removal from program at own cost.
Responsible consumption of alcohol is allowed only for individuals 18 years and over.
There is a strict no alcohol policy in all common areas of the hotel and on-board any bus.
Only Breakaway travellers who are registered at your hotel are allowed in your room.
Travellers will be required to wear their Breakaway Tours wristband at all times during the trip.
No person shall impede the enjoyment or safety of others. Intimidation, including verbal, physical, or sexual harassment of any kind will not be tolerated.
We believe in yes means yes, and only yes means yes. No person shall engage in non-consensual sexual activity. Any form of sexual violence will not be tolerated.
Bags and travellers will be searched by security personnel. Any illegal substances will be confiscated and discarded. Local authorities may be contacted.
Respect all bus, hotel, excursion, venue, and Breakaway property.
Quiet hours between 10pm and 7am must be observed in all public areas of the hotel.
Zero noise starts at 1am — All travellers must be in a room at this time.
Smoking is only permitted in designated areas. No smoking in rooms or buses.
Sign-In daily. This lets us know you are safe, and gives you a chance to ask us any questions about the trip.
If the Breakaway Tours Traveller Guidelines are broken, the traveller may receive a warning with conditions, a phone call home to parents, or could be dismissed from the program at parents/guardians expense.
Every traveller must sign the Breakaway Tours Traveller Guidelines, Terms & Conditions, and Waiver & Release Agreement agreeing to the trip guidelines. The instructions given by our Breakaway leaders are for the safety of the travellers and must be obeyed at all times. Neither Breakaway Tours nor its employees are responsible for travellers, or their actions, while travelling. Travellers should be aware that there may be different rules of law and/or living standards and conditions outside of their home province and should conduct themselves accordingly. Breakaway Tours shall not be responsible for any damage, loss, injury or inconvenience resulting from different rules of law and/or living standards or any such changes and variations.
By registering the passenger and/or parent/guardian agrees to the Waiver and Release Agreement outlined below and acknowledges that they must be signed and given to Breakaway Tours.
WAIVER & RELEASE AGREEMENT
RELEASE OF LIABILITY, WAIVER OF CLAIMS, ASSUMPTION OF RISKS AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (hereinafter the "Waiver Agreement")BY SIGNING THIS DOCUMENT YOU WILL WAIVE OR GIVE UP CERTAIN LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO SUE OR CLAIM COMPENSATION FOLLOWING AN ACCIDENT. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY.
TO: BREAKAWAY TOURS [2417988 ONTARIO INC.], IT'S HEIRS, ASSIGNS AND AFFILIATES;I understand that I have booked with 2417988 Ontario Inc., carrying on business as Breakaway Tours ["Breakaway Tours"], a corporation operating in accordance with the Ontario Travel Industry Act, licensed in the Province of Ontario [Travel Industry Council of Ontario Registration Number: 50021560], and Business Practices and Consumer Protection Authority Act (BC), licensed in the Province of British Columbia [Consumer Protection BC License Number: 71169]. I am aware that Breakaway Tours makes arrangements with independent suppliers who provide all of the travel services that make up the travel package that I have booked, including air travel, cruises, hotels, buses, sightseeing, car rental or other activities included in, or offered in addition to, a tour package. I am aware that Breakaway Tours does not control, operate, own or manage any of these independent suppliers, vehicles, hotels, resorts, cruise ships, or other facilities and that it is not responsible for any claims, losses, damages, costs, expenses, delays or loss of enjoyment of any nature or kind whatsoever, to me, resulting from the acts, omissions or negligence by any of these independent suppliers, vehicles, hotels, resorts, cruise ships, or other facilities.
I am aware that participating in the travel packages offered by Breakaway Tours could result in injury, losses, damages, costs, expenses, delays and/or loss of enjoyment to myself or traveling companions or group members.
I understand that neither Breakaway Tours nor it's employees or agents are responsible for travellers or their actions, while travelling. I am aware that there may be different rules of law and/or living standards and conditions outside of my home province and Canada and I understand that Breakaway Tours is not responsible for any damages, losses, injury or inconvenience resulting from different rules of law and/or living standards or any such changes and variations.
RELEASE OF LIABILITY, WAIVER OF CLAIMS AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENTIn consideration of Breakaway Tours [2417988 Ontario Inc.] agreeing to my participation in the tour package, I hereby agree as follows:
TO WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS that I have or may have in the future against Breakaway Tours and to release Breakaway Tours from any and all liability for any loss, damage, expense or injury, including death that I may suffer, or that my next of kin may suffer, as a result of my participation in the tour package, due to any cause whatsoever, including negligence, breach of contract, or breach of any statutory of other duty of care, of Breakaway Tours, it's tour operators and/or it's suppliers, including failure on the part of Breakaway Tours, it's tour operators and/or suppliers to take reasonable steps to safeguard me from the risks and dangers of participating in the tour;
TO HOLD HARMLESS AND INDEMNIFY BREAKAWAY TOURS, ITS TOUR OPERATORS AND SUPPLIERS from any and all liability for any property damage or personal injury to any third party resulting from my participation in the tour package; and
This Agreement shall be effective and binding upon my heirs, next of kin, executors, administrators, assigns and representatives, in the event of my death or incapacity. In entering into this Waiver and Release Agreement, I am not relying on any oral or written representations or statements made by Breakaway Tours in respect to the safety of the tour, other than what is set forth in the Waiver Agreement. I confirm that I have read and understood this agreement prior to signing it, and I am aware that by signing this agreement, I am waiving certain legal rights which I or my heirs, next of kin, executors, administrators, assigns and representatives may have against Breakaway Tours, it's tour operators and it's suppliers.
FOR PARTICIPANTS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN:I hereby certify that I, as parent/guardian with legal responsibility for this participant of minority age do consent and agree to this release and waiver of Breakaway Tours, It's tour operators and suppliers and for myself, my heirs, assigns and next of kin, I release and agree to indemnify Breakaway Tours, it's tour operators and suppliers from any and all liabilities, incident(s) to this participant of minority age's participation in the tour.
Do You Love to Travel?
For over 30 years, Breakaway Tours has created extraordinary travel experiences for High School students. Our trips spread joy and spark an appreciation for travel, culture and friendship. A big part of our success is our knowledgeable, enthusiastic and hardworking team.
We're constantly growing, so if you're passionate about youth travel and want to join a group of like-minded people, we want to hear from you! Take a look at our job openings listed below.
Join Our Team
Providing the ultimate student travel experience for over 30 years.
Our Tours
Montreal
Quebec City Family Day
Quebec City March Break
Resources
My Profile
FAQ
Forms
Join Our Team
Company
About
Become A Rep
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
TICO Registration - 50021560
X
COVID-19 FAQs and Update
Learn More