http://www.atlantiscruisesandtours.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Atlantis Cruises and Tours policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.atlantiscruisesandtours.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Why You Need a Professional Windshield Repair Service Provider
Roof Leak Repair Tips
Dealing the Problems with Vehicle Sickness
Things to Check Before Renting an Apartment
How to Take Family Pictures
Recent Comments Archives
March 2020
February 2020
August 2019
April 2019
March 2019
July 2017
Categories
Appliance Repair
Gardening
Photographer
Plumbing Service
Roof Restoration
Sea Sickness Tablets
Uncategorized
Atlantis Cruises And ToursWhy You Need a Professional Windshield Repair Service ProviderRoof Leak Repair TipsDealing the Problems with Vehicle SicknessThings to Check Before Renting an ApartmentHow to Take Family PicturesHow Well-Maintained Landscapes Can Benefit the CommunityDo It Yourself Appliance Repairs
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress