http://www.napowan.com/privacy.htm
Napowan.com has created this privacy statement
in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy concerns of
our visitors. The following discloses our information gathering and
dissemination practices for this website http://www.napowan.com
This site will not require you to disclose more
information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity
as a condition of participation.
Accessing this website
When you enter the Home Page of Napowan.com your IP address along with the location of the site you came from may be recorded. This information is used to determine how you first found Napowan.com and for no other purpose.
Napowan Alumni Database
To register in the Napowan Alumni
Database you are
required to submit contact information like your name and email address.
Napowan.com will never misuse the information
you provide, either by selling it, trading it or giving it away without
your permission. No child under the age of 13 may submit their contact
information to this database without first obtaining their parent’s
permission.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Links to these sites will open in a second window. Napowan.com cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the websites it links to.
Public Forum
This site provides a
message board to its users. Please
remember that any information that is disclosed in this area becomes
public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to
disclose your personal information. Users are not required to enter any
of the requested information (name, email address, etc.) to gain access
to the message board. No child under the age of 13 may submit any
personally identifying information to the message board without first
obtaining their parent’s permission.
Opt Out /Correct /Update
You have the following options for changing and modifying information previously obtained:
Email
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or the practices of this site, you can contact:
© 2014 Napowan.com Design by Erik Unterschuetz
Privacy Policy