https://www.morleyyachts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Morley Yachts, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to info@morleyyachts.com or by writing to Morley Yachts, Le Vallespir. 25, boulevard du Larvotto. 98000, Monaco. Alternatively, you can telephone +377 6 80 86 30 91.
Who are we?
Specialising in the sale, charter, and new construction of iconic yachts, Morley Yachts has an unrivalled reputation when it comes to performing for its clients at the very highest level.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about purchase and charter or if you register to receive one of our newsletters.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Process orders that you have submitted; to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us; seek your views or comments on the services we provide; notify you of changes to our services; send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
These may include information about events, offers, information, campaigns, activities, promotions.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
The legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only (i) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, (ii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iii) where we have your consent to do so. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to operate our platform and communicating with you as necessary to provide our services to you and for our legitimate commercial interest, for instance, when responding to your queries, improving our platform and undertaking marketing. For example, we will process your details when you purchase a subscription to any of our magazines.We may have other legitimate interests and, if appropriate, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the section titled “How you can access and update your information.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to send you mailings). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the Morley Yachts for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us, then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: info@morleyyachts.com or telephone on +377 6 80 86 30 91.
How you can access and update your information
If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at: info@morleyyachts.com or write to Morley Yachts, Le Vallespir. 25, boulevard du Larvotto. 98000, Monaco. Alternatively, you can telephone +377 6 80 86 30 91..
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Morley Yachts holds about you.
Subject Access Request Policy
Morley Yachts is fully committed to respecting individuals’ right to access personal information held about them.
Subject access rights
Any individual who makes a valid subject access request is entitled to be:
told whether their personal data is being processed;
given a description of the personal data, reason for processing and whether it has been shared with any other organisations or persons;
given details of the source of the data (where this is available); and given a copy of the information comprising the data.
Individuals are entitled only to their own personal data, and not to information relating to other people unless they are acting on behalf of that person. In these circumstances, written consent will be required.
How to make a request
In order to make a valid subject access request the following must be provided:
a clear written request by letter, email or fax
Proof of identification may be requested to ensure that the personal information requested is provided to the right person. Two forms of ID will be required. One must be name identification (e.g. Driving Licence, Passport or Birth Certificate) and the other a form of address identification dated in the last three months.
Morley Yachts will comply with requests for access to personal information as quickly as is practicable but will ensure that the information is provided within 30 days, as required by GDPR. All subject access requests should be addressed to Tim Morley at Morley Yachts, Le Vallespir. 25, boulevard du Larvotto. 98000, Monaco.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Profiling
We may analyse your personal information to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively. We may also use your personal information to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like many other websites, the Morley Yachts website uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Disputes
You and Morley Yachts agree that any disputes arising from your use of this website will be subject to Monegasque law and the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Monaco courts.
Amendments
Morley Yachts reserves the right to change or amend these website terms and conditions without prior notice.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in July 2018.
CONTACT
info@morleyyachts.com
EN
FR
Tim Morley : +33 6 80 86 30 91
EN
SK
CZ
David Jakabovic : +33 6 40 61 85 38
IT
EN
FR
Lisa Airasca : +33 6 40 62 67 97
-None-
Web Form
Reload
Privacy Policy