http://www.pragerport.com/policies
Join Our Club
Visit Prager
About Us
Shop
News and Events
Recipes
Bruschetta Salad
Rustic Port Plum Tart
Prager Port Sangria
Apple Cake with Butterscotch Sauce
Sweet Claire Fruit Salad
Mushroom Risotto
Menu
Privacy Policy Prager Winery & Port Works Privacy PolicyAt Prager Winery & Port Works, we are committed to protecting your privacy. The  following statement describes our information gathering and usage  practices.1. Prager Winery & Port Works will not share, rent or sell your personal  information to any non-affiliated organization or company without your  consent. However, we may disclose your personal information under  limited circumstances if we conclude that we are required by law or have  a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such  information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or  safety of Prager Winery &amp; Port Works, its customers or the public.2. When you register, place an order or provide your personal  information to us for any other business purpose, we may collect your  name, address, email address, phone number and credit card information.  We may also request additional information. We use this information to  process your requests and to communicate with you about your orders.  From time to time, we may use your name and contact information to  notify you of changes to the web site, new releases, special offers and  events we think you'll find valuable. To prevent receiving this  information via any medium, please send an email to ahport@pragerport.com or a postcard with all the names,  addresses and emails you'd like removed from our mailing list to Prager Winery & Port Works, 1281 Lewelling Ln., St. Helena, CA 94574.3. All of the customer data we collect is stored on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.4. Prager Winery & Port Works will track visits to the pages and links on our  websites so we can make decisions about the design and usage of the  website. While we may choose to share aggregate information on consumer  behavior to third parties, none of these statistics contain personally  identifying information.5. Our websites use cookies to identify our registered members when they  return to the site. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are  stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable  us to provide special features such as storing items in your shopping  cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but  most allow you to prevent that by making a change to the browser  options.6. By using our website, you consent to the policies described in this  privacy statement. The provisions of this policy are subject to change. Prager Winery &amp; Port Works will post changes to this privacy policy on this page.  Shipping  Policy Wines may be sold and delivered only to Persons who are at least 21 years old.We ship Monday through Friday. Sorry, delivery on  weekends is generally not available. In the event of  extreme temperatures your shipment may be delayed to  protect it from heat/cold damage. We use a freight forwarding company, and this may lead to certain delays in shipping that are out of our control. All alcohol shipments require the signature of a person 21 or older for delivery.We can ship to the following states:AK,AZ,CA,CO,CT,DC,DE,FL,GA,HI,IA,ID,IL,IKS,KY,LA,MA,MD,ME,MI,MN, MO,MT,NC, NE, NH,NJ,NM,NV,NY,OH,PA,OR,RI,SC,SD, TN,TX,VA,VT,WA,WI,WV,WYReturn Policy                        Prager Winery and Port Works stands behind our products, and we want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. If, for any reason, you are not satisfied with your purchase, please contact us within 30 days of receipt of your order and we will arrange for replacement (pending availability).If a refund is necessary, it will be applied to the credit card used at the time of purchase. Please contact us at ahport@pragerport.com, or call (707)963-7678.                                                                                                                                                                              Security PolicyWe at Prager Winery& Port Works understand your concerns about the security of online transactions. Therefore, our site is equipped with the most advanced Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology available to ensure the privacy of any information you submit through this site. The software ensures that all sales transaction information is transferred safely via encrypted methods.