http://www.steamtrain.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
SPECIAL EVENT & ONLINE TICKET PURCHASE POLICY
Policies set forth by us prohibit us from issuing exchanges or refunds after a purchase has been made or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets. When you receive your tickets, please keep them in a safe place. Please note that direct sunlight or heat can sometimes damage tickets.
if Tickets are being posted on behalf of Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd.  We aim to post all tickets within 14 working days unless otherwise noted. If you have not received your tickets within 48 hours prior to the event and are not aware that tickets are being held for you for collection at the railway, please contact The Railway as soon as possible.
Occasionally, special event services may be cancelled or rescheduled for a variety of reasons. If the special service is cancelled by us, please contact us for information on receiving a refund from the responsible party. If the service was moved or rescheduled, Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. may set refund limitations. Contact us for exact instructions.
Tickets may be restricted to a maximum number per person, per credit/debit card and, for some services a restriction may apply per household. We reserve the right to cancel tickets without prior notice if purchased in excess if this limit.
For information about a purchase you've made, contact us, quoting your confirmation code given to you at the conclusion of placing an order.
TICKET TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The tickets are issued subject to the Rules and Regulations of Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. Full details are available on request.
Please check your tickets as mistakes cannot always be rectified.
It is the responsibility of the ticket holder to ascertain whether a special service has been cancelled and the date and time of any rearranged service. If a special service is cancelled or rescheduled, we will use reasonable endeavours to notify ticket holders of the cancellation.  Please note that we cannot guarantee that ticket holders will be informed of such cancellation before the date of travel.
The Eastleigh Lakeside Railway reserves the right to refuse admission should patrons breach any Rules and Regulations of Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd.
Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd., may, on occasions have to conduct security searches to ensure the safety of the patrons.
We regret that normal travel tickets cannot be exchanged or refunded after purchase. Subject to conditions quoted previously.  Eastleigh Lakeside Railway cannot be held responsible for any tickets which are lost or stolen.
Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. reserves the right to cancel ticket bookings which it reasonably suspects to have been made fraudulently.
If any ticket is re-sold or transferred for profit or commercial gain by anyone other than Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. it may be voided and the holder may be refused travel.
Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. operates a No Smoking policy with in the buildings in accordance with current legislation.
Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. accepts no responsibility for any personal property.
Ticket holders consent to filming and sound recording as visitors.
All of these terms and conditions are governed by English Law.
The ticket holder must comply with all relevant statutes, safety announcements and Eastleigh Lakeside Steam Railway regulations whilst traveling.
Breach of any of these conditions or any unacceptable behaviour likely to cause damage, nuisance or injury shall enable the railway to refuse to carry anyone as a passenger.
Tickets may be restricted to a maximum number per person. We reserve the right to cancel tickets purchased in excess of this number.
Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd. does not guarantee that the trains will arrive or depart at the times stated and reserves the right to cancel, alter or suspend any train without notice, or to substitute a different engine should this be necessary for whatever reason.
Your customer details will only be used for the marketing purposes of Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd and will not be passed to any Third Party Company for marketing use. If you do not wish to receive further details about similar products and services from the Railway please write to the Marketing Department, Eastleigh Lakeside Railway, Lakeside Country Park, Wide Lane, Eastleigh, Hants, SO50 5PE. For further details please read our Privacy Policy.
NORMAL TRAVEL CONDITIONS
Covid-19 re-opening conditions over ride some of these conditions
Children under 2 years old ride free
Children under 10 years old must be accompanied by an adult
3 return ride tickets are valid on day of issue only and are non-refundable and non-transferable.  These tickets are available per person only.
Rover tickets are valid on day of issue only and are non-refundable and non-transferable.  These tickets are available per person only.
Online rover tickets sales are e-vouchers only and have to exchanged for travel tickets in the shop
Discount for parties 20 and over, currently 10%
Special Needs plus 1 carer can ride First Class for Standard Class Fare
Passengers must remain seated and not lean out of the coaches
Rides are at the passenger's own risk
All rides and travel and parking are subject to conditions on the day, such as weather, breakdown or incident.
Covid-19 reopening conditions
Standard class tickets for 1 return ride only will be available.
Standard Single Tickets are available on request, only available from Parkway to Monksbrook. No boarding at Monks Brook Halt
Normal Adult and Child Standard Class Fare applies.
Trains will only stop at Monks Brook Halt to drop off.
Passengers will not be able to board the train at Monks Brook Halt.
Passengers must leave the train on arrival back at Parkway Station and leave the building as quickly and safely as possible.
If another ride is required, visitors must leave the building and join the end of any queue that is waiting to buy tickets.
All passengers enter the railway are subject to HM GOV Covid-19 restrictions.
Anyone failing to comply with the restrictions will be told to leave.
The Railway cannot comply with the 1m+ rules so the 2m rule applies.
There will be no toilet facilities at the Railway.
EVENT SPECIFIC T & C’s
Footplate Experiences Terms & Conditions 2019
In these Terms and Conditions “You” means the person booking the footplate experience and ““Your” should be interpreted accordingly.
“Participant” means the person for whom the experience is booked.
“Course” means a booked footplate experience.
“We” means Eastleigh Lakeside Steam Railway or ELSR and “Us” and “Our” shall be interpreted accordingly.
You must tell us at the time of booking who the Participant will be.
Safety
A locomotive footplate is a potentially hazardous working environment. Riding on a steam locomotive footplate involves exposure to heat, bright light, noise, vibration and possible exposure to wind and rain. No seating or protective clothing is provided nor are there any other on-board facilities. Toilets are only available at Parkway station. Consequently, Participants must be reasonably fit, agile and over 21years of age. They must be capable of climbing in and out of a locomotive cab and able to stand unaided. Mobility aids of any description are not permitted.  Any underlying medical condition that may result in fainting or blackout such as heart disease, asthma, COPD or epilepsy (this list is not exhaustive) presents a danger both to the Participant and the safety of the train and is an absolute bar to participation.
You are responsible for checking that the Participant meets the below standards.  If they do not You may cancel in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
Participants will need to wear suitable protective clothing such as overalls. Nylon or similarly flammable clothing must not be worn. Footwear must be robust with a rubber or composition soles.  Under no circumstances will high heeled shoes or other flimsy footwear be permitted. Participants will also be required to sign a medical declaration and indemnity form before taking part in a Course. ELSR may at its sole discretion refuse participation on a Course if it believes reasonably that the Participant is unsuitably attired or unfit to take part including through consumption of alcohol, use of drugs or prescription medicines that may cause drowsiness.
We carry customary insurance for Public Liability in respect of our responsibility to Participants. Some insurers may regard participation in a Course as a hazardous activity that may affect any claim by a Participant, so we recommend checking whether that is the case.
You are also responsible for ensuring that the Participant is aware of and complies with these mandatory requirements.
Participants need to check in at the Shop on Platform 1 about 15 minutes before their Course is due to depart.
Payment
Payment for Courses is due in full at the time of booking. (Please note we do not accept American Express cards). No fee is charged for debit card payments.
Course Confirmation.
For bookings made on the ELSR website an online confirmation will be emailed to You once payment in full has been received. Participants will need to bring a printed confirmation on the day of their Course.
You are responsible for ensuring that Participants have the necessary printed confirmation on the day.
Restrictions
Courses are only valid for the named Participant. You must not attempt to re-sell a Course nor, without our written consent, to substitute another person for the named Participant.
Any Courses in breach of these Restrictions are void and the payments for them are NOT refundable.
Cancellation, Amendment and Refunds
Except for Courses in breach of the Restrictions set out above You may cancel by e-mail to elr@steamtrain.co.uk as follows:-
More than 21 days before the Course date (100% refund via Card)
7 – 20 days before the Course date (100% refund via ELSR Gift Voucher OR 50% Card refund)
Under 7 days before the Course date (No Refund)
No refund will be given for Participants who fail to turn up for a Course that has not been cancelled by You.
If you have paid by debit card, we will not refund in cash
You are responsible for notifying the Participant of cancellation.
If at any time up to 24 hours before the Course any cause beyond the Participant’s reasonable control prevents them from attending You should call ELSR on 02380612020 to discuss transfer to a different date and time (subject to availability). We will endeavour to find a suitable alternative date and time but cannot guarantee that this will be possible.
Caution
Heritage steam locomotives are operating way beyond their designed life. We do our best to maintain them in safe operating condition, but we cannot guarantee that there will not be mechanical or electrical failures that require us to substitute alternative forms of traction. We may also need to suspend, re-schedule or cancel our timetabled services. In such circumstances it may not be possible for us to provide the Course on the booked date or time.
Your booking of a Course is on the express understanding that there is no guarantee or warranty, express or implied, that the Course will be provided on the booked date or time.
If we are unable to provide the Course on the booked date or time, We will endeavour to find a suitable alternative date and time or provide you with a full refund of the price paid.
We shall not be liable to pay any compensation to Participants.
Personal arrangements such as travel, and accommodation arranged by You or Participants are at your or their risk. We shall not be liable for any costs losses or expenses such as abortive travel or accommodation costs resulting from non -availability of Courses on the booked date or time.
Limitation of Liability
Our agreement with You in respect of the booking is personal to You. Where You are booking for the Participant You are acting as principal and not as agent on behalf of the Participant. This agreement is not intended to confer any enforceable rights on the Participant.
We shall not be liable to You or Participants for any indirect or consequential loss or expense nor shall We have any liability to You or Participants resulting from causes beyond Our reasonable control.
We do not exclude liability for death or injury resulting directly from Our negligence, but any other liability shall not exceed the price paid by You for the Course.
Law
Your order on these terms and conditions shall be subject to English Law and the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Updated 14/01/2019
Railway Experience Days
For young people aged 12 - 16
This is and experience day voucher sale.  The voucher will be posted to the purchasers address or nominated address.
The person will then be expected to make contact with the railway staff as listed in the voucher to book a day / date up to a year in advance
The young perosn day will only be useable between 1st April to 30th Sepember yearly. (to avoid the worst weather)
A responsible adult / parent / Guardian must be on site with the young person at all times.
Hot / cold drinks will be available free of charge but all food must be either brought with you or purchased from the cafe on site.
There will NOT be the option to drive any Locomotives on this day.
This is not a formal qualification. The day is purely to get a flavour of train operation at a miniature railway.
For persons over 16
This is and experience day voucher sale.  The voucher will be posted to the purchasers address or nominated address.
The person will then be expected to make contact with the railway staff as listed in the voucher to book a day / date up to a year in advance.
Hot / cold drinks will be available free of charge but all food must be either brought with you or purchased from the cafe on site.
The day will only be useable between 1st April to 30th Sepember yearly. (to avoid the worst weather)
There will NOT be the option to drive any Locomotives on this day.
This is not a formal qualification. The day is purely to get a flavour of train operation at a miniature railway.
FACEBOOK COMPETITIONS
Facebook Competitions are designed to be a fun event with no skill or expertise needed.
No purchases needed.
Not open to employees or volunteers of Eastleigh lakeside steam Railway or Francise Companies working within ELSR.
Any picking of winners will be done by random number selection away from facebook.(ie - 200 people like  / share - someone offsite will pick a number between 1 & 200)
Winners will be notified by facebook with detaills of how to claim their prize
SANTA SPECIALS
Only ticket holders admitted to see Santa and grotto.
The Santa Special Train will use our 1st Class covered coaches.
Normal train service with mixed coaches still operates.
Tickets are non-refundable and any loss of ticket or ticket amendments will incur a £10.00 fee per booking.
Children under 10 years old must be accompanied by an adult
No concessions or discounts apply to Santa Special trains.
GALA EVENTS
Events run with as many servicable locomotives as possible or advertised
We do not make any refunds for non appearence of locomotives
Unlimited rides finish at stated times on the day applicable.
Online rover tickets sales are e-vouchers only and have to exchanged for travel tickets in the shop
Tickets sold online are non-refundable and any loss of ticket or ticket amendments will incur a £10.00 fee per booking.
All our normal travel / ride conditions apply
Single fares to or from Monks Brook will not apply on Gala days
HALF PRICE SALE DAYS
Our normal tickets will be available for travel on designated days.
Single Tickets to or from Monks Brook will not be available for the duration of the event
Fares on designated days will be half our normal published fares
Half price sale does not apply to season tickets
All day rover ticekts will not be available on these days.
THE EASTLEIGH LAKESIDE RAILWAY LTD. PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE
In this privacy policy references to "we", "us" and "our" are to Eastleigh Lakeside Steam Railway Ltd. References to "our Website" or "the Website" are to www.steamtrain.co.uk.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW
The information we collect via the Website may include:
Any personal details you knowingly provide us with through purchases, forms and our email, such as name, address, telephone number etc.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
Your IP Address, this is a string of numbers unique to your computer that is recorded by our web server when you request any page or component on the Website. This information is used to monitor your usage of the Website.
Data recorded by the Website which allows us to recognise you and your preferred settings, this saves you from re-entering information on return visits to the site. Such data is recorded locally on your computer through the use of cookies. Most browsers can be programmed to reject, or warn you before downloading cookies, information regarding this may be found in your browsers 'help' facility.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
To process your order, to provide after sales service
We may use your details to send you carefully selected information about our similar products and services through the post. We will not send you any details about third party products or services, nor do we pass your details on to any third party company for their own marketing purposes. If you do not wish your details to be used for direct marketing please write to the Marketing Department, Eastleigh Lakeside Steam Railway, Lakeside Country Park, Wide Lane, Eastleigh, Hants.  SO50 5PE
We may use your email address to send you information on our other products and services. In such a case you will be offered the option to opt in/out before completing your purchase.
We may need to pass the information we collect to other companies for administrative purposes. We may use third parties to carry out certain activities, such as processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use the Website and issuing our e-mails for us. Third parties will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own purposes.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please send your contact details including address and payment of £10 to cover administration expenses to the following address:
Privacy Dept, Eastleigh Lakeside Steam Railway, Lakeside Country Park, Wide Lane, Eastleigh, Hants.  SO50 5PE
OTHER WEBSITES
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.