http://www.ytc.com/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
Your Travel Center | Member of The Frosch Travel Group
Your Travel Center | Member of The Frosch Travel Group
Private Login
Call us: (480) 496-0160
You are hereHome ›
Privacy Policy
OverviewThis Privacy Policy states how Your Travel Center collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the YTC.com website ("Web Site"). This Policy applies to the Web Site and all service and products offered by Your Travel Center.We try to comply with our Policy. But due to human error, oversight, technological error, intentional misconduct, or other reasons, we may not always be able to comply with our Policy. We state this Policy to inform you about what we try to do. But we do not intend our Policy to be, and you agree that our Policy is not, a legally binding obligation on us.Your Acceptance of PolicyBy using this Web Site, you signify your acceptance of this Policy, including that it is not an agreement and that you cannot rely on this Policy being applied by us. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use our Web Site. Your continued use of the Web Site at any time, also including after posting of changes to this Policy signifies your acceptance of the Policy and all changes.WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR OTHER LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OUR INTENTIONAL OR ACCIDENTAL VIOLATION OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY, RELEASE OR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OR USE OR MISUSE BY US OR ANY PERSON OR ENTITY OF YOUR INFORMATION WHETHER ACCORDING TO OR NOT ACCORDING TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.Personal Identification InformationWe may collect personal identification information from a User in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when a User visits our Web Site, fills in a form, and in other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Web Site. A User may be asked for name, mailing address, billing address, e-mail address, phone number, birth date, sex, billing and credit card information and data on purchase choices. We, and others contracted to assist or work with us may collect information on your use of the Web Site. We may keep track of applications or pages you visit on our Web Site. We collect personal identification information that a User voluntarily submits to us, information that a User's device submits to us and information we derive from a User accessing, visiting and navigating our Web Site. A User can decline to supply personal identification information, except that may prevent engaging in some Site related activities.Non-Personal Identification InformationWe may collect non-personal identification information about a User when they interact with our Web Site. Non-personal identification information may include the type of computer you use, IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times and referring website address and other information. Additional types of information may be collected. It is possible that systems we use collect other kinds of information that we are not specifically aware of.Data Collection from Others.We could obtain personal information about you from others we do business with. We may merge or use that personal information with information we collected from you.Web Browser CookiesOur Site may use "cookies," seeking to enhance User experience. This may result in placement of cookies on a User's hard drive, for record-keeping and sometimes to track information about them. A User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. This choice may cause some parts of the Web Site to not function properly.How We Use Collected InformationYour Travel Center and others contracted to assist or work with us, may collect and use a User's personal information to:Try to improve customer service.Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.Personalize user experience.We may use information in the aggregate to understand how Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Web Site.Run a promotion, contest, survey or other Web Site featureSend Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think may interest themSend periodic emails.We may use an email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order or to respond to inquiries, questions, and other requests.Contact you via survey to research your opinion of current or potential future services or other opinion questions.Assess popularity and usefulness of our Web Site and services and evaluate how these can be more useful; customize content and advertising to customers whose behavior and/or characteristics indicate they may be interested in a particular subject area.Develop statistics regarding use of our Web Site.We may share data with service providers to help perform statistical analysis for us, help us send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or help us service, maintain or upgrade equipment software and/or services.We may provide aggregated data or statistics to potential customers for our services.Some Circumstances in Which We May Provide Information to OthersWe will disclose your personal information, without notice to you, if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary or appropriate to comply with law or legal process or comply with an order or direction or voluntarily cooperate in a request from government or law enforcement; or to another person or entity whom we enter into discussions with concerning acquiring, merging with or similar transaction relating to our business; or to protect or defend our rights or property; or in circumstances.Disclosure to Non-Affiliated Third Parties.We may share your personal information with advertisers and other companies who are not affiliated with us, but who would like to send you information about their products and services. You will have the opportunity to decline the option to receive information from unaffiliated third parties (and thereby not permit this sharing of your personal information) when personal information is collected.Aggregation and Use of Personal InformationPersonal information you provide to us and others we do business with may be aggregated and analyzed to enable us/them to develop targeted marketing programs and service offerings. We may use personal information to contact you regarding programs or services or third-party programs and services we believe might interest you. If you do not want us to contact you for this purpose, you may decline to receive such offers by emailing us from our Contact Us page or post mail us at:Your Travel Center3329 State StreetSanta Barbara, CA 93105 Disclosure to Affiliated PartiesWe may share your personal information with companies that are affiliated with us such as companies under common or overlapping ownership with us, for the purpose of marketing and administrative purposes. A user may opt-out of receiving any or all communications by emailing us from our Contact Us page or post mail us at:Your Travel Center3329 State StreetSanta Barbara, CA 93105 Some Limits of UsageWe do not sell, trade, rent or lease Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We do not knowingly let third parties with whom we share data, to use your personally identifiable information other than to provide their services to us, and we require them to maintain confidentiality of your information.How We Try to Protect Your InformationAny personal information you supply or that we obtain by you visiting our Web Site or otherwise may be used by us, or disclosed, according to this Policy, and as indicated in the Terms of Use, could potentially be misused in violation of this Policy, for which we shall not be responsible or liable. We adopt data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures trying to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, user name, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. However, we do not undertake any obligation to maintain such arrangements with any particular service provider and do not accept responsibility for any release of your data whether due to defects or errors in their system or technology or in any interface with our system, or due to our act or omission. You are responsible to monitor use of, charges to and all other aspects of your credit card account(s).Sharing Your Personal Information - Third-Party WebsitesA User may find advertising or other content on our Web Site that link to sites and services of our suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. These sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policies of websites you choose to link to or visit from ytc.com to inform yourself of their terms and how they collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for terms, privacy policies, policy compliance or any other content on websites other than ytc.comAccessing and Updating Your Information.You can access, and, in some cases, update the following information you provided to us: your user name and password; email address; user profile information, including your sex, birth date, address, preferences, and characteristics about yourself, interests; credit card information. The information you can view and update may change as the functionality of the Web Site changes. If you have questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us on our Contact Us page.InterpretationThese Policy terms are governed by and construed according to California law, without giving effect to conflict of law principles. Headings and section numbers in this policy are for convenience to make the provisions easier to use. They shall not be used to interpret this policy. This policy must be interpreted according to their fair meanings, and not strictly in favor of or strictly against either you or us.Policy is Not for Benefit of OthersIn our relationship with you, this Policy is between you and us and not any other person or entity arising from the relation between you and us. The terms we enter into with or policies we apply to other persons or entities (even if the same as these provisions) are not for your benefit. We do not promise you that we will or can enforce our restrictions or prohibitions or any terms, against any other person or entity. YOU ASSUME THE RISK THAT OTHER PERSONS WILL VIOLATE OUR TERMS WHICH MAY OFFEND, DAMAGE AND/OR INJURE YOU.Right to ChangeWe have the right to change terms of this Policy at any time. We will make changes by posting revised terms at our website ytc.com. We encourage you to check these terms regularly to see if there have been any changes. By continuing to visit or use this Web Site after any change of terms, you agree to be bound by the changed terms. Use of our Web Site by you is always voluntary and not required. Therefore, if you do not agree to a change that we make, you can stop using this Web Site.Questions and CommentsWe welcome questions and comments. You may contact us on our Contact Us page. We will make a reasonable effort to address your concern and try to remedy a problem you bring to our attention. We do not assure that we will be able to do so.Request for Information.Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying categories of personal information we share with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to us on our Contact Us page or post mail us at:Your Travel Center3329 State StreetSanta Barbara, CA 93105 Contacting UsPlease contact Your Travel Center with any questions or comments regarding this Policy at:Your Travel Center3329 State StreetSanta Barbara, CA 93105Phone: (480) 496-0160 This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 16, 2019.
Travel ServicesLeisure TravelFind a Travel Expert
Travel DestinationsAfrica
Antarctica
Asia
Australia
Central America
Europe
North America
South America
South Pacific
Travel Interests
Corporate TravelSolutions
Maximizing ROI
Technology
Why Use Us?
Student Travel
Our Travel ExpertsSearch By Destination
Search By Interest
Search By Name
Student FlightsUniversity of Illinois
Join Our Team
Contact Us
Arizona Headquarters
California Headquarters
Canyon Crest Travel
Corporate Business Center
Omaha
About Us
YTC's Twitter Feed
Tweets by
Find destination
Africa
Antarctica
Asia
Australia
Central America
Europe
North America
South America
South Pacific
Find travel interest
African Safaris
Art & Cultural Trips
Cruising
Culinary Adventures
Destination Wedding
Eco-Tourism
Family Travel
Gay & Lesbian Travel
Group Tours
Honeymoons
Hotels & Resorts
Luxury Travel
Photography Expeditions
Find agent by name
Anna Saunders
Bob Romano
Carol Gregory
Cathie Christie
Cheryl Carpet
Cheryl Dixon
Clare Isquith
Courtney McCarthy
Dianne Herschelman
Donna Touchette
Foy Renfro
Ginny Fels
Gwen Lyle
Helen Reid
Jan Bailey King
Jane Dunlap
Jane Malley
Jane Scarcello
Janie Sailor
Jill Hurd
Jim Welch
Joane Bryant
John Oberacker
Julie Welch
Karen Ensign
Kasra Esteghamat
Kathryn Marino
Kathy Palmer
Kay Thatcher
Kelly Daoud
Lily Roman-Hamilton
Linda Kavanagh
Linda Van Buren
Lisa Pinczewski-Sweet
Louise West
Margaret Owen
Margie Boutte
Mark Blum
Mary Emrich
Mary Lou Los
Mona Saunders
Pamela Blackwood
Robert Matuszewski
Rosalie Kellogg
Sally Hart
Sarah Taylor
Sharon Organista
Stephanie Cox
Sue Doyle
Susan Boehnstedt
Susan Sarver
Susan Smitty-Price
Trish Injaychock
Yvette Angel
Join Our Team
Home Page
About Us
Contact Us
Testimonials
Preferred Suppliers
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
CST #2019108-10
YTC.com is copyright © 2013 Your Travel Center. All rights reserved.
YTC.com was designed, developed, and is maintained by Slip Sky Media - SEO Website Development, Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara County, CA.
Slip Sky Media