http://www.mydivebook.com/privacy_statement.php
Main Menu
Home Page
Register Now
Public Dive Logs
Browse Dive Sites
Newest Dive Locations
Newest Dive Sites
Public Forums
Top Member Sites
Resources & Links
Scuba Diving Clubs
Features
FAQ
Site Features
World Scuba News
Site Awards
Internet Scuba Search
Scuba Diving
Scuba Vacations
Scuba Equipment
Member Login
Diver Login
Dive Company Login
Privacy Policy
www.MyDiveBook.com Privacy Policy This privacy policy covers personally identifiable information which you may choose to share with MyDiveBook.com. By using mydivebook.com you consent to this policy. Any changes will be posted on this page.
Security MyDiveBook.com stores all personal information in a secure database. Your personal information will never be shared with third parties unless authorised by you.
Information MyDiveBook.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. When you register with MyDiveBook.com we may obtain your: name, email address, geographical location, etc. In most cases you decide what or how much information you want to provide. At MyDiveBook.com we do not sell, share, or rent information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Log Files We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, and track user's movement. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. MyDiveBook.com DOES NOT use cookies to store information on your computer. For the members area , we use what's called a session, this session is used to keep track of your login. No information is stored on your hard disk.
Third Party Links and Claims This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that MyDiveBook.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. MyDiveBook.com does not vouch for claims made by any other person or scuba diving operation using this service, MyDiveBook.com does not perform any kind of background check or verification research in regard to claims represented here by any person or scuba diving operation.
About Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us
|
Banners
|
Acknowledgments