http://www.venomousreptiles.org/about/privacy
VenomousReptiles.org Home -- Venomous Reptiles on the Net
Welcome Anonymous
Register a Nickname! or
Login!
Home
FAQ
Community
Articles
Speakout
Strays
Survey
Reviews
My Profile
Resources
File Library
Photo Album
Calendar
Classifieds
Links
Glossary
Rattlesnakes
Antivenom Bank
Site
About the SHHS
Website Team
Link Search
Privacy Statement for VenomousReptiles.org
VenomousReptiles.org has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to your privacy. We recognize that our members
are our most important asset, and we strive to protect their
interests at all times. We commit to keeping individual and
community interests paramount and protecting the confidentiality of
our members. We avoid asking for information from our members, unless
we feel it is necessary for security or we feel the information is
necessary for the application. Any information supplied to us by
our members will not be sold or offered to any third party without
the express written consent of our members.
We use HTML cookies for security so that other members can not post
information on the site with your Nick Name.
Since privacy is so
important to us, we will always give you an opportunity to view,
change, or delete personal information that we save about you.
This
information is stored to improve your VenomousReptiles.org experience, and is
in no way used by the site owners, advertisers, or anyone else but you.
To become a VenomousReptiles.org member, we only require a Nick Name and
password.
However, you may also enter your real name, email address,
and zip code.
These are all optional fields.
If you are not a
VenomousReptiles.org member already, you can sign up
now.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news
groups available to its members. Please remember that any information
that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you
should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information. Keep in mind, they are your words, you own them!
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives members the following options for removing their
information from our database to not receive future communications
or to no longer receive our service.
Send email to
info@venomousreptiles.org
Change/Modify
This site gives members the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
Send email to info@venomousreptiles.org
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Mailing address goes here!
info@venomousreptiles.org
Click to join the SHHS eMail list
Copyright 2000 - 2007 VenomousReptiles.org
Contact webmaster@VenomousReptiles.org
with comments or questions.
VenomousReptiles.org Privacy Statement