http://www.hatcreekresortrv.com/privacy-policy/index.html
HomeAmenitiesAttractionsPhotosRatesSpecialsReservationsDirections
Hat Creek Resort Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Hat Creek Resort & RV Park collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the Site listed below, herein referred to the website ("Site"):
http://www.hatcreekresortrv.com
This privacy policy applies to this Site and all products and services offered by Hat Creek Resort & RV Park.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our Site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities including making a reservation.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use cookies. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Hat Creek Resort & RV Park may collect and use Users' personal information for the following purposes:
To process payments - We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails - We may use the email address to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Hat Creek Resort & RV Park has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of these Site, or your dealings with these Site, please contact us at:
Hat Creek Resort & RV Park
http://www.hatcreekresortrv.com
12533 Highway 44
P.O.Box 110
Old Station, CA 96071
(530) 335-7121
info@hatcreekresortrv.com
This document was last updated on February 13, 2013
CAMPING SEASON
Hat Creek Resort is open
April 15th — Oct 31st
Our Accommodations:
Horse StallsHorse LodgingRead More...
CottagesFully equippedRead More...
RV SitesFull hook-upRead More...
Motel RoomsClean & comfy!Read More...
Tent CampingForested sitesRead More...
YurtsCozy & fun!Read More...
Our Weather Forecast
Hat Creek RV Resortis proud to be:
Proud Member Of:
CONTACT US
By Mail:
P.O. Box 110
Old Station, CA 96071
By Phone:
(530) 335-7121
By E-Mail:
info@hatcreekresortrv.com
Sitemap
Guidelines & Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
E-Mail Us
Copyright © Hat Creek Resort & RV Park
12533 Highway 44, P.O. Box 110
Old Station, CA 96071
Phone: (530) 335-7121 — FAX: (888) 278-0385