https://www.walkweekender.com/privacy-policy
0845 5575983Calls cost 5p per minute plus access fee
info@walkweekender.com
Get a Quote or Check AvailabilityMake a Booking
The Short Break Walking Holiday Specialist
MenuOur HolidaysWalking WeekendsCustom Trips for Clubs & Groups CloseOur LocationsFrance – Alps – Annecy & AravisFrance – Provence – LuberonFrance – Cote d’Azur CloseDates & PricesWalk Weekender Prices & Calendar 2020TravelOffers & Deals CloseWalking ResourcesWalking Routes – Alps NorthOther Fun Walking Stuff CloseAbout UsWho We Are Close
Walk Weekender Privacy and Cookies Policy
Updated 25th May 2018
1. Introduction
1.1       We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2       This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3       We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
2. Credit
2.1       This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
3. How we use your personal data
3.1       In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)        the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)       [in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data];
(c)        the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)       the legal bases of the processing.
3.2       We may process data about your use of our website and services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is for legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
3.3       We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services (“service data“).The service data may include name, contact details, DOB, dietary requirements, medical information and travel details as provided by you when booking your holiday. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is planning, scheduling and delivering your holiday with us.
3.4       We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services (“enquiry data“). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is to provide sales and marketing information about our holiday packages, based on your enquiry.
3.5       We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“customer relationship data“). The customer relationship data may include your name, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you, as provided by you. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is the proper management of our customer relationships, and service delivery.
3.6       We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the proper administration of our business.
3.7       We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data“). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is at your request and with your consent.
4. Providing your personal data to others
4.1       We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. Information about our group of companies can be found at www.karibuni.co.uk .
4.2       We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.3       We may disclose your name, contact details, DOB, any dietary requirements and medical information as provided by you to our partner accommodations and service providers (for skiing less, ski hire etc) insofar as reasonably necessary for the delivery of your holiday.
4.4       Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Wirecard. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
4.5       In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1       Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.2       We may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1       We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2       You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3       We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
7. Your rights
7.1       In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2       Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)        the right to access;
(b)       the right to rectification;
(c)        the right to erasure;
(d)       the right to restrict processing;
(e)       the right to object to processing;
(f)        the right to data portability;
(g)        the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)       the right to withdraw consent.
7.3       You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. You can access your personal data by sending an email to info@bikeweekender.com .
7.4       You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5       In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6       In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.8       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
7.9       You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10     To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)        consent; or
(b)       that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11     If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12     To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13     You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 7.
8. About cookies
8.1       A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2       Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3       Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9. Cookies used by our service providers
9.1       Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
9.2       We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
10. Managing cookies
10.1     Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)       https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)       https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)        http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)        https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)        https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)         https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
10.2     Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
10.3     If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
11. Our details
11.1     This website is owned and operated by Karibuni Ltd, trading as Walk Weekender.
11.2     We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 4910593, and our registered office is at 26A Banbury Lane, Byfield, NN11 6UX, United Kingdom.
11.3     Our principal place of business is at 26A Banbury Lane, Byfield, NN11 6UX, United Kingdom.
11.4     You can contact us:
(a)        by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)       using our website contact form at www.walkweekender.com ;
(c)        by telephone, on 0845 5575983; or
(d)       by email, using info@bikeweekender.com
12. Data protection officer
12.1     Our data protection officer’s contact details are: Paul Turnbull, contactable as above.
Get a Quote or Check AvailabilityMake a Booking
We're open...
Monday to Friday from 8am to 5:30pm
0845 5575983Calls cost 5p per minute plus access fee
info@walkweekender.com
Any questions?
We've been here for nearly 15 years and can help with all aspects of planning your walking holiday.
We look forward to hearing from you.
Paul, Teak, Sharon & Daniel
We're sociable...
In partnership with...
MenuPrivacy PolicyTermsLegal InfoResponsible TravelFinancial ProtectionPressSite Map
Summer is all about the uphill… but it goes downhill in winter!
Did you know we are weekend specialists all year round?During the winter months we offer Ski and Snowboard short breaks in France
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you