http://www.agfc.com/en/privacy/
Site Menu
AGFC
Hunting
Big Game
Deer
Elk
Bear
Alligator
Small Game
Rabbit
Squirrel
Quail
Migratory Birds
Waterfowl
Mourning, White-Winged and Eurasian Collared-Dove
Early Migratory
Light Goose Conservation Order
Crow
Turkey
Game Bird Surveys
Purchase an Arkansas Turkey Stamp
Turkey Harvest and Scientific Reports
Turkey Season Dates and Bag Limits
Turkey Hunting Regulations
WMA Turkey Hunt Permits
Turkey News
Furbearers
Predator Control Permit
Feral Hogs
Where to Hunt
Wildlife Management Areas
General Hunting Regulations
2020-21 General WMA Regulations
Hunter Education
Wildlife Management
Arkansas Wildlife Action Plan
The Plan
Recovering America's Wildlife Act
State Wildlife Grants
Funded Projects
Program Overview
Monarch and Pollinator Conservation
Private Lands Program
Acres for Wildlife
Find a Private Lands Biologist
Arkansas Waterfowl Rice Incentive Conservation Enhancement (WRICE)
Deer Management Assistance Program
Bring Back the Bobwhite
Harvest and Scientific Reports
Strategic Quail Management Plan
Annual Harvest Reports
Deer Harvest Reports
Turkey Harvest and Scientific Reports
Fisheries Scientific Reports
Waterfowl Surveys and Reports
Wildlife Division Reports
Surveys
Nuisance Wildlife
Central Arkansas Urban Wildlife Project
Wildlife Rehabilitation
Scientific Collection Permits
Captive Wildlife
Importing Wildlife
Wildlife Pets
Release of Animals into the Wild
Fact Sheets
Endangered Species and Other Threats to Wildlife
White Nose Syndrome
Fishing
Daily Limits
Sport Fish
Black Bass
Trout
Catfish
Panfish
Striped Bass
Walleye
Alligator Gar
Alternative Fishing Methods
Where to Fish
Public Fishing Areas
Family and Community Fishing Program
Fishing Derbies
Trout Tailwaters
Fish Attractors
Fish Consumption Advisories
Master Angler Program
State Fishing Records
General Fishing Regulations
Weekly Fishing Report
Boating Information
Arkansas Boating Laws
Federal Boating Laws
Boater Education
Boat Registration
Vessel Safety Check
Paddle Sports
Fisheries Scientific Reports
Family Fishing Week
Explore Outdoors
Nature and Education Centers
Gov. Mike Huckabee Delta Rivers Nature Center
Forrest L. Wood Crowley's Ridge Nature Center
Janet Huckabee Arkansas River Valley Nature Center
Witt Stephens Jr. Central Arkansas Nature Center
J.B. and Johnelle Hunt Family Ozark Highlands Nature Center
Rick Evans Grandview Prairie
Potlatch at Cook's Lake
Ponca Elk Education Center
Fred Berry on Crooked Creek
Wildlife Viewing Opportunities
Arkansas Water Trails
Nature Trails
Auto Tours
State Fish Hatcheries
Shooting Ranges
Regional Offices
Education
In the Field
Deer Management Assistance Program
Wings Over Arkansas
Outdoors Skills
Hunter Education
On the Water
Arkansas Stream Team
Arkansas Tournament Information Program
Aquatic Resources Education
Aquatic Nuisance Species
Family and Community Fishing Program
Outdoors Skills
Boater Education
In the Classroom
Fishing in the Natural State
Conservation Education Grants
Project WILD
Conservation Scholarship
Professional Development Calendar
Regional Educators
First Steps Outdoors
Recruitment, Retention and Reactivation Action Plan | 2020-2025
Arkansas National Archery in the Schools Program
Arkansas Youth Shooting Sports Program
Becoming an Outdoors-Woman
Outdoors Skills
Regional Educators
Hunter Education
Boater Education
Calendar
Commission Meetings
Public Event
Youth Event
BOW
Weekly Event
Monthly Event
Annual Event
Public Meeting
Permit Deadline
Dedications
Outdoor Hotline
Facility Closure
Resources
Regulations
Code of Regulations
Guidebooks
AGFC-Owned Lake Land Use Policy
Arkansas Wildlife
Arkansas Wildlife Magazine
AW Newsletters
Arkansas Wildlife TV
Maps
Licensing
Hunting Licenses
Fishing Licenses
Disability, Mobility-impaired, 65+, Military Retiree, Lifetime Licenses
Commercial Licenses
Free Publications
The Commission
Meet Your Commissioners
Commission Meetings
Legal Notices with Proposed Regulations
Watch Commission Meetings
Approved Meeting Agendas and Signed Minute Orders
Commission Meeting Minutes and Notes
Commission Meeting Press Releases
Our Mission and History
Contact AGFC
Staff
Regional Offices
Facilities
The Foundation
Conservation License Plates
RFP and Bid Notices
Virtual Nature Center
Login
AGFC
Hunting
Wildlife Management
Fishing
Explore Outdoors
Education
Resources
The Commission
Virtual Nature Center
Get Your HIP
Login
Buy Licenses | Check Game
Get Your HIP
ARKANSAS GAME AND FISH COMMISSION
PRIVACY POLICY
The Arkansas Game and Fish Commission (AGFC) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of visitors to its websites. AGFC does not collect personally identifiable information when you visit an AGFC website unless you choose to provide that information. Likewise, AGFC does not give, sell, or transfer any personally identifiable information to a third party except as might be required by law or as described in this Privacy Policy. Unless stated otherwise on a particular webpage, this Privacy Policy applies to all AGFC websites and online services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information AGFC collects by other means (including offline) or from other sources.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information is “any information about an individual maintained by an agency, including (1) any information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity, such as name, social security number, date and place of birth, mother’s maiden name, or biometric records; and (2) any other information that is linked or linkable to an individual, such as medical, educational, financial, and employment information.” Natl. Inst. Stand. Technol. Spec. Publ. 800-122, at ES-1 (Apr. 2010).
Types of Information Collected
AGFC collects several types of information, although never for commercial marketing by third parties:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically;
Information Collected for Measurement and Customization (Cookies); and
Personally identifiable information.
AGFC has safeguards in place to protect all this information, including only allowing access by designated staff when it is required to perform their duties.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
AGFC strives to provide the best online experience for visitors to its websites. AGFC automatically collects and stores the following non-personally identifiable information from anyone who reads, browses, or downloads information from its websites:
The name of the domain from which you accessed the Internet;
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to an AGFC website;
The Internet protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) of your Internet provider’s gateways, or in some cases, your computer;
The date and time you accessed an AGFC website;
The country and state from which you accessed an AGFC website;
Characteristics of your computer system, including type of browser and operating system, used to access an AGFC website;
The URL of the pages you visited, the information you requested, and the files you downloaded while at an AGFC website;
Search terms used to get to an AGFC website from an external search engine and terms used on an AGFC website using AGFC’s search engine (in aggregate only); and
Items clicked on a page while at an AGFC website.
This information does not identify you personally and is not used for associating search terms or patterns of website navigation with individual users. This information allows AGFC to improve website design, presentation and system performance. The information collected is part of a systems log file and is only used internally for website management purposes. AGFC periodically deletes its weblogs. On occasion, AGFC may provide this information to third-party entities it contracts with for the purposes of research analysis.
Information Collected for Measurement and Customization
To help provide its website visitors with the best experience possible, AGFC uses software to report and analyze aggregated web metrics data. The data is generally retained indefinitely to help improve website performance. AGFC websites uses these types of tools: session cookies, persistent cookies, pixel tags or Web beacons, and other customization tools.
“Cookies” are small text files containing strings of alphanumeric characters that websites transfer to visitors’ computers to allow the website to remember specific information about a visitor’s session. Your computer will only share the information in the cookie with the website that provided it, and no other website can request it. Session cookies are temporary (disappearing after you close your browser window) and do not contain personally identifiable information. AGFC uses session cookies for technical purposes, such as to enable you to more easily navigate throughout the website. Session cookies only collect non-personally identifiable data.
Persistent cookies store information on your computers for longer periods of time and across multiple visits. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the website. AGFC uses persistent cookies to improve web metrics by distinguishing between new and returning visitors, to anonymously aggregate data on how visitors use an AGFC website, and to remember your voluntarily-provided preferences to create a smoother browsing experience. AGFC does not use persistent cookies to collect personally identifiable information about visitors. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions.
AGFC may also employ a software technology known as a pixel tag or Web beacon. These help AGFC better manage content on its sites by informing it what content is effective. You may not disable Web beacons.
Customization tools allow you to voluntarily provide information to personalize and improve your online experience. Information from customization tools is saved on AGFC servers.
You can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies stored on your machine, you can turn them off in your browser. However, this may affect the functioning of some portions of an AGFC website. Without cookies, most of an AGFC website will continue to display normally, but certain features may not work as well or may be unavailable.
Providing Information to AGFC
Personally identifiable information may be required to use certain features of an AGFC website, such as making a purchase from its online shop or the AGFC License System, submitting a request to Ask AGFC, or responding to a feedback form or survey. AGFC’s main goal in collecting information is to improve its website, products, and services to provide you with the best possible experience. AGFC may use your personally identifiable information to:
Enable you to participate in online transactions;
Make AGFC products, services, and website better;
Compile, analyze and research AGFC user demographics and behavior;
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate AGFC policies or be illegal; and
Use location data only to provide and improve AGFC’s service.
AGFC always informs you what information is required and only uses that information for its stated purpose. If you provide the information requested, then you consent to AGFC using the information for the stated purpose. If you do not provide the information, then some website features may be unavailable.
You do not have to provide personally identifiable information to visit an AGFC website. If you choose to provide personally identifiable information, such as by sending an e-mail, submitting a form, or filling out a questionnaire or guestbook, AGFC will use the information you provide to respond to you. In addition, AGFC may use this personally identifiable information in various ways to further customer protection and to provide better service. This may be to correct broken links that you have identified or provide additional information that you have requested.
If you correspond with AGFC by email, AGFC may retain the content of your email messages, your email address, and AGFC’s responses. AGFC may also retain any messages you send through an AGFC website or social media page. In addition, you may provide AGFC information in user content you post to any of its websites, social media pages or accounts. Any information that AGFC collects via e-mails, forms, questionnaires, guestbook, or social media pages or accounts may be subject to disclosure but will be handled in accordance with the requirements of the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act to make all appropriate redactions prior to responding to the request. NOTE: Please do not send AGFC sensitive information, such as your credit card or social security numbers, via e-mail. It is possible that during transmission of your e-mail this information may be intercepted by a third party. AGFC cannot guarantee its safety while in transit.
Providing Information to Third Parties
AGFC will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. Occasionally, AGFC works with third parties to provide a better user experience, such as for fulfilling online orders, emailing updates, or collecting voluntarily provided feedback. These third-party websites will either follow the AGFC Privacy Policy or prominently display their own. AGFC may store personally identifiable information in locations outside the direct control of AGFC (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers).
AGFC will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when it has your permission or under special circumstances, such as when AGFC believes in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below.
AGFC has entered into certain agreements to provide certain personally identifiable information to federal and state agencies and non-governmental conservation organizations (“partner third parties”). AGFC’s agreements with these partner third parties include requirements that the partner third parties maintain the information AGFC shares with them as confidential and prohibits them from using the information for any purpose other than specifically set forth in the agreements, including for commercial purposes. AGFC has agreements to share certain personally identifiable information with the following partner third parties:
Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact: Arkansas is a member of the Interstate Wildlife Violator Compact. The Compact is a voluntary interstate agreement which provides participating states with a mechanism to participate in a reciprocal program to: (1) promote compliance with the statutes, laws, administrative rules and regulations relating to management of wildlife resources in their respective states; and (2) provide for the fair and impartial treatment of wildlife violators operating within the participating states in recognition of the individual’s right of due process and the sovereign status of a party state. To fulfill its obligations under the Compact, AGFC may share information with the other Compact member states including, without limitation, the following: name, date of birth, sex, physical description, and last known address, as well as the details of any citations and convictions for wildlife offenses (copy of the citation, citation number, description of the offense, fine assessed, etc.), the scope of any suspension (i.e. fishing, hunting, trapping, or all licenses), and the effective dates of any suspensions. By purchasing a hunting and/or fishing license from AGFC, all purchasers consent to AGFC sharing such information with Compact member states and others as required by law. For more information, see AGFC Code 01.00-Q.
Office of Child Support Enforcement: As a condition for the State of Arkansas receiving certain federal funding, the Arkansas Department of Finance and Administration, through the Office of Child Support Enforcement (OCSE) of its Revenue Division, works in partnership with the Federal Office of Child Support Enforcement and other state agencies to help parents and guardians establish and receive court-ordered financial and medical support for children. As required by federal law, Arkansas has in effect laws requiring State licensing entities to store certain personally identifiable information, including social security number, for each person issued a professional, occupational, driver’s, marriage, or recreational license and to make that information available to the OCSE “for the purposes of cross matching, location, and enforcement of child support obligations.” As a State licensing entity that administers a statewide license system for persons wishing to hunt, fish, or trap in the State of Arkansas for recreational or commercial purposes, AGFC has cooperated with the DFA to implement an automated electronic process by which AGFC and the DFA share for child support enforcement purposes certain personally identifiable information obtained from the AGFC License System and the State Driver’s License and ID card program and database.
Conservation Partners: AGFC has agreements with certain non-governmental conservation partners, including the National Wild Turkey Federation, to share certain personally identifiable information obtained from the AGFC License System and other AGFC programming for purposes of recruitment, retention, and reactivation. In exchange, the conservation partners share similar information about their members and program participants with AGFC. The personally identifiable information that may be shared includes the following: name, physical address, mailing address, city of residence, zip code, phone number, year of birth, hunter education number, and AGFC license number. AGFC will not share personally identifiable information with its conservation partners that would not be disclosable in response to a valid request under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act. AGFC requires that its conservation partners maintain as confidential all personally identifiable information received from AGFC, and AGFC prohibits the conservation partners from disclosing, sharing, or using the information except in strict compliance with terms of their agreements with AGFC. In addition, the conservation partners are prohibited from using the information received for purposes of marketing events, products, or programs unless the individual has directly indicated the desire to be marketed to or has made contact directly with the conservation partner. AGFC provides license purchasers and permit applicants the ability during the purchase or application process to opt out of providing their personally identifiable information to conservation partners for purposes of recruitment, retention, and reactivation.
In addition, these are some other ways that your information may be disclosed:
To a bank or United States Department of the Treasury account, which must receive payment for a transaction that you initiated;
To a person or company that has contracted with AGFC to assist it with specific services, including but not limited to electronic commerce, license sales, permit drawings, donations, or recruitment and retention, and which agrees not to sell or use personally identifiable information for other purposes;
To legal authorities if AGFC suspects that you are attempting to change or otherwise damage its website, or you are using it in violation of Federal, state, or local laws; or
In response to a subpoena or a valid request under the Freedom of Information Act (after making appropriate redactions).
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, AGFC will not disclose personally identifiable information to any third party unless required to do so by law, subpoena, or court order or if AGFC believes that such action is necessary to:
·Conform to the law and comply with legal process served on us;
·Investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities;
·Enforce this policy;
·Take precautions against liability;
·Investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations;
·Assist government enforcement agencies;
·Protect the security or integrity of an AGFC website, and
·Exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of AGFC, its website, its users or others.
Other than as stated in this policy, AGFC does not provide personally identifiable information to outside organizations without first obtaining your consent. In addition, AGFC will make all appropriate redactions before sharing personally identifiable information to a third party.
How AGFC Protects Your Information
AGFC cares about the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. AGFC cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to AGFC or guarantee that your information on the service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of AGFC’s physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third-party providers, such as social networks. AGFC is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
To protect your privacy and security, AGFC takes reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information and for controlling access to your email communications from AGFC, at all times.
Compromise of Personally Identifiable Information
In the event that personally identifiable information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, AGFC will promptly notify those persons whose personally identifiable information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Your Choices About Your Information
You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through an AGFC website, in which case AGFC may not be able to provide certain services to you. You can review and correct the information about you that AGFC keeps on file by contact AGFC directly.
Third-Party Services
AGFC uses certain third-party services to improve its website and to provide a better user experience. Third-party services are web-based technologies that are not exclusively operated or controlled by a government entity or that involve significant participation of a nongovernment entity. AGFC uses third-party services to assist it in communicating or interacting with the public. These services may be separate websites or may be applications embedded within an AGFC website. Some third parties provide these services to AGFC under contract, while others, such as social media websites, do not. Where practicable, AGFC will provide clear notice before you are directed to a third-party service from an AGFC website.
AGFC may employ over time various different advertising or remarketing services that serve targeted advertisements to make your online experience more focused to your interests. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.
AGFC will not run interest-based advertising campaigns that collect personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers and credit card numbers. AGFC will not use or associate personally identifiable information with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds or other anonymous identifiers. AGFC will not use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or location, with any personally identifiable information collected from the ad or its landing page(s).
AGFC uses the following third-party services:
Google AdWords/Doubleclick and Analytics:Google’s remarketing and similar audiences AdWords features permit AGFC to reach people who previously visited its website. Google’s interest categories, interest-based advertising, and demographic and location targeting features are similarly used to reach people who are likely to have interest in AGFC advertising based on previous web searches. Google and its vendors display AGFC advertising across the Internet to IP addresses that have visited an AGFC website. Google’s DoubleClick service uses AGFC ads to collect analytical data for planning purposes. The service does not collect personally identifiable information. Google and its vendors use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to an AGFC website. Information about how you can opt out of Google's use of cookies is available at Google's Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or, to opt out of only DoubleClick’s use of cookies, by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page. AGFC does not share any personally identifiable information with Google through its remarketing tags or any product data feeds which might be associated with its ads, nor does it send Google precise location information without obtaining your consent. AGFC does not use or associate personally identifiable information with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds, or other anonymous identifiers. Furthermore, AGFC does not use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or location, with any personally identifiable information collected from ads or their landing pages.
Google Analytics uses cookies to track visitor interactions, which allows the collection of information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Browsers do not share cookies across domains. AGFC does not collect personally identifiable information from these third-party tools nor does it provide them with additional personally identifiable information. AGFC uses IP masking in order to share only a portion of the IP address for geolocation. In addition, Google provides an Opt-out Browser Add-on to indicate that information about the website visit should not be sent to Google Analytics. AGFC does not endorse and makes no representation about the effectiveness of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
In addition to complying with the terms above, AGFC complies with Google’s policy requirements.
Facebook Conversion Tracking and Custom Audiences: Facebook provides certain features and tools, such as pixels, SDKs and APIs (“Facebook Tools”) that can be added to AGFC’s website or apps to allow AGFC to send data to Facebook, including about actions that people take on an AGFC website or AGFC apps (“Event Data”). Facebook will use Event Data received to provide AGFC with the Facebook services it chooses to use, such as providing insights about the effectiveness of ads or the use of websites/apps or creating a custom audience for advertising, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Policy. Event Data will also enable both Facebook and AGFC to better target ads and to optimize theirs systems.
In connection with such targeting and optimization, Facebook will: (i) use Event Data collected from AGFC’s website or mobile app for ads optimization only after such Event Data has been aggregated with other data collected from other advertisers or third parties or otherwise collected on Facebook and (ii) not allow other advertisers or third parties to target advertising solely on the basis of Event Data collected from AGFC’s website or mobile app. Event Data will not be disclosed to other advertisers or to third parties, unless Facebook has your permission or is required to do so by law. Facebook will maintain the confidentiality and security of Event Data, including by maintaining technical and physical safeguards that are designed to (a) protect the security and integrity of data while it is within Facebook's systems and (b) guard against the accidental or unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of data within Facebook's systems.
For more information about Facebook Conversion Tracking and Audiences, please visit Facebook.
YouTube:Some of AGFC’s video presentations are provided by YouTube.com. According to the YouTube privacy policy, YouTube "may record information about your usage of the website, such as the channels, groups and favorites you subscribe to, which other users you communicate with, the videos you watch, the frequency and size of data transfers, and information you display about yourself as well as information you click on in YouTube (including UI elements, settings). If you are logged in, we may associate that information with your YouTube Account." More is available on YouTube's privacy policy page.
Email: AGFC uses a third-party software company to distribute its weekly newsletters and important emails to people who sign up for them through the website. AGFC also occasionally sends out emails to people who have been an AGFC customer within the last 12 months and who have not already opted-out of such emails. These emails typically refer readers to an AGFC website. In addition, individuals may sign up for AGFC newsletters and other important emails via an AGFC website by submitting their contact information via a form. AGFC does not send newsletters or emails to users of its websites unless requested to do so by a particular individual.
For information about how to opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance webpage.
Social Networking Platforms and Social Media
An AGFC website may permit you to use third-party social networking platforms such as Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, and Google+. This may include the use of social media login information to create or access your account at an AGFC website and plugins such as Facebook “Like”, Tweet, Pinterest “Pin,” Google “+1” buttons, etc. Occasionally, you can use an AGFC website to interact with your social media accounts, such as Facebook or Twitter. In addition to using your third-party account credentials to sign in to portions of an AGFC website, you can access posting and sharing tools, including a “share” button that allows you to post information to your social networks. Please note that these tools may be operated by third parties.
By using these tools, you acknowledge that some of your social media account information may be transmitted AGFC and that the social media account information transmitted to AGFC is covered by this Privacy Policy. Additionally, when you use one of these sharing tools, the third party that operates the tool may be collecting information about your browser or online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own privacy policy. Lastly, when you use these tools, some of your information from an AGFC website may be shared with the third party and others. Therefore, AGFC encourages you to read the privacy policies and other policies of the social networks you use.
In addition, AGFC participates on open forums offered by third-party commercial social media sites in order to increase government transparency, provide information, and promote public participation and collaboration with AGFC. Please note that while AGFC encourages candid conversation and frank exchanges of ideas, AGFC does not control or endorse the comments or opinions provided by visitors to these social media sites and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information provided by these sites.
The essential information shared on these third-party websites is available on www.agfc.com, which is the official source of information from AGFC. If you use a website outside AGFC, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of that website.
Please visit www.agfc.com for a directory of AGFC social media presences, such as those on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and AddThis. AGFC uses these social media sites as dynamic information sharing tools to access real-time information, for external relations, and to encourage public dialogue. AGFC posts videos, images, and news events on these sites to provide alternative opportunities to disseminate information and content to the public. Policies related to content, such as videos, images, and audio are posted separately.
AGFC does not actively seek personally identifiable information and will only collect the information necessary for the proper performance of official AGFC functions or to accomplish a purpose required by statute, executive order, or regulation.
In addition to AGFC’s primary social media channels, each of which has its own privacy policy (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Flickr), AGFC uses the bit.ly URL shortener in Twitter and other postings. Bit.ly is “built in” to the Twitterfeed tool, in that it automatically shortens long URLs in Twitter posts. According to its privacy policy, bit.ly uses cookies (see Cookies above). Those cookies are invoked only if the shortened bit.ly URL is clicked.
Links to Other Websites
AGFC is not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from an AGFC website or social media page nor the information or content contained therein.
This Privacy Policy applies to AGFC websites and social media pages or accounts only. AGFC websites include links to other websites. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those websites, your information is subject to their privacy statements. AGFC encourages you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act
Under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), codified at Ark. Code Ann. § 25-19-101 et seq., AGFC records, with some exceptions, are considered public records and must be made available to Arkansas citizens for inspection. Records covered by the FOIA include data compilations in any format, including papers, microfilm, microfiche, computer disks and tapes, email, and audio and video recordings. Information available under the FOIA and not made confidential elsewhere in the Arkansas Code or by federal law may be disclosed to individuals or the public in response to a lawful FOIA request.
Except as specifically exempted from disclosure under the law, any personally identifiable information or content that you provide to AGFC may become available to the public as required by the FOIA. Even if you remove information that you posted to an AGFC website or social media page, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages. In addition, the information AGFC collects from visitors to its websites and social media pages may also be subject to disclosure under FOIA. The information collected by or provided to AGFC via its websites or social media pages is subject to the same controls and uses as that collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of the FOIA, or to other applicable sections of the Arkansas Code.
The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act provides limited exemptions from disclosure of certain types of information, including driver’s license numbers, social security numbers, financial data, etc.). AGFC will make all appropriate redactions before responding to requests under the FOIA. For more information about the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act, including what information is exempt from disclosure, please visit the Arkansas Attorney General’s website.
Various commercial websites may be linked through the network. These private sector websites are not subject to the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act. Visitors to those websites may wish to check their privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information.
Website Security
Providing security for the personally identifiable information you submit via an AGFC website is a priority for AGFC. AGFC maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personally identifiable information. When AGFC (or its agent) collects or transmits sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, AGFC (and its agent) uses industry standard methods to protect that information. However, no e-commerce solution, website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
For website security and to ensure this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act. AGFC uses virus protection measures on its computer systems and regularly updates the software. These are computer security measures that, in addition to maintaining AGFC’s computer systems, also ensure that all files that AGFC develops and/or posts on its web servers are virus-free. When you request a file for download from an AGFC website, it is possible, though unlikely, that the data may contract a virus and become corrupted before it reaches your computer. AGFC is not responsible for files that may become corrupted as the data travels the Internet.
Children's Privacy
AGFC recognizes the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved.For that reason, AGFC does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for AGFC website accounts. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personally identifiable information to or on an AGFC website.
If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to AGFC, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Instead, have an adult send the message. Have your parents, teachers or school librarian contact AGFC if you need further assistance.
In the event that AGFC learns that it has collected personally identifiable information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, AGFC will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child under the age of 13 has provided AGFC with personally identifiable information online, please contact AGFC.
Notification Procedures
It is AGFC’s policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business-related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on its website, as determined by AGFC in its sole discretion. AGFC reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to AGFC’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically, and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. If AGFC changes this Privacy Policy, AGFC will post those changes on its website to keep you aware of what information it collects, how it uses that information and under what circumstances AGFC may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Your continued use of an AGFC website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 1, 2017.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact AGFC via email or send mail to:
Chief of Communications
Arkansas Game and Fish Commission
2 Natural Resources Drive
Little Rock, Arkansas 72205