https://www.dalrymplevineyards.com.au/privacy
Dalrymple Vineyards. Pipers River, Tasmania.
Wines
About
Tasmania
People
Buy online
Your basket is empty
Facebook
Instagram
Subscribe
to Dalrymple
PRIVACY POLICY
Dalrymple Vineyards believes the responsible collection and use of personal information is fundamental to developing a business based on enduring relationships with its customers, suppliers, owners and staff. "Personal information" is defined as information or an opinion through which an individual's identity is apparent or can be reasonably ascertained.
Dalrymple Vineyards is bound by the Australian Privacy Policy in the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000. Dalrymple Vineyards is committed to respecting the individual's right to privacy and has developed honest, transparent protocols to ensure personal information is handled appropriately.
COLLECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information is only collected if it is required for one or more of Dalrymple Vineyards functions.
It is collected by fair and lawful means and not in an intrusive way.
Dalrymple Vineyards prefers to collect information directly from the individual.
Dalrymple Vineyards will take reasonable steps to inform the individual that the collection has occurred, why the collection occurred and how the information may be accessed.
By joining our mailing list (Futures Membership) you are giving your consent to be contacted by us for an indefinite period. We may contact you by email, direct mail, telephone, SMS, MMS, social media or telemarketing. You may of course opt out from our wine club at anytime by simply calling or emailing us.
USE AND DISCLOSURE
PERSONAL INFORMATION IS NEVER SOLD TO OTHER PARTIES
SPECIFIC NEEDS
To meet the individual's specific needs Dalrymple Vineyards may disclose the personal information to the organisations which:-
provide/manage/administer a service or product such as the share registry, printers and mail out house
are involved in the payments system including financial institutions, credit card providers and payment organisations
are involved in the maintaining, reviewing and developing Dalrymple Vineyards's business systems including testing or upgrading our computer systems
provide legal or accounting advice
require or are authorised by law to access the information.
MARKETING Dalrymple Vineyards WINES
Over the years Dalrymple Vineyards has collected information for the development of direct mailing lists to let consumers know about the availability of Dalrymple Vineyards for sale. This may be done after an initial contact and we assume we have the individual's consent to use service providers to assist us with this unless Dalrymple Vineyards is told otherwise.
Wine offers are made direct to owners through the use of the shareholder list.
From December 2001 onwards each direct marketing communication will prominently display a notice whereby the recipient can elect to opt out of receiving any further direct marketing communications.
EMAIL MANAGEMENT
Website visitors email addresses are only recorded if the user chooses to leave a message.
An email address will only be used for the purpose for which it was provided.
Individuals who have chosen to join an email list may opt out simply by advising Dalrymple Vineyards that the address is to be removed from the mailing list.
WEBSITE
Dalrymple Vineyards does not collect any personal information about an individual when the website is visited unless the user chooses to provide such information. The information received depends upon what the user does when visiting the site.
Site Visit Data - the following is recorded and collected for statistical purposes:-
The server address of the visitor
The name of the top-level domain from which the internet was accessed
The date and time of the visit to the website
The pages accessed and documents downloaded
The recording of such information enables us to identify the areas of the site that are most popular and to tailor the site accordingly.
Links - the website contains links to other sites. Dalrymple Vineyards is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of other web sites.
KEEPING PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCURATE AND UP-TO-DATE
Dalrymple Vineyards will take all reasonable steps to make sure personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
If an individual believes the personal information is not accurate, complete or up-to-date please contact the Company.
DATA SECURITY
Dalrymple Vineyards protects against misuse; loss; unauthorised access, modification or disclosure of personal information by:
Requiring all employees to observe confidentiality protocols
Controlling access to the premises and paper based systems
Adopting measures to secure the computer network used for storing, processing and transmitting personal information
Protecting communications via data transmission from interception eg email and unauthorised access to the computer network.
Personal information is retained only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which information was collected or as required by law. Once used for the intended purpose paper documents containing personal information are shredded.
OPENNESS
The Dalrymple Vineyards Privacy Policy is available from the company's website or on request from the Company.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION
An individual may gain access to personal information provided the request for access is not frivolous, vexatious, unlawful, or prejudicial to negotiations between Dalrymple Vineyards & the individual.
Dalrymple Vineyards endeavours to provide access within 10 business days of the written request. Dalrymple Vineyards will verify the identity of the individual seeking access prior to the information being provided. If it is a complex issue Dalrymple Vineyards will advise the individual accordingly but will use all reasonable endeavours to provide access within 20 business days of the written request.
If access is denied then written reasons will be provided as to why access was denied.
IDENTIFIERS
In certain circumstances we are required to collect government identity numbers eg tax file numbers. Dalrymple Vineyards does not use these numbers to identify individuals for its own purposes.
ANONYMITY
Dalrymple Vineyards does not require individuals to provide personal information unless the information is required to do business.
--
TRANSBORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Dalrymple Vineyards operates a subsidiary company which is subject to similar privacy law enacted in the UK. Personal information may be transferred between the companies for business purposes.
Dalrymple Vineyards has a number of shareholders who are located outside Australia. It may be necessary to transfer information for the performance of a contract between Dalrymple Vineyards and the individual.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Dalrymple Vineyards does not collect "sensitive information" about an individual. Sensitive information means information or an opinion about an individual's:
Racial or ethnic origin; or
Political opinions; or
Membership of a political association; or
Religious beliefs or affiliations; or
Philosophical beliefs; or
Membership of a professional or trade association; or
Membership of a trade union; or
Sexual preferences or practices; or
Criminal record
Health status
RESOLVING PRIVACY ISSUES
Individuals who have an issue which they wish to raise with the Company may do so by contacting the Company Secretary:
Tel: +61 8 8561 3200
Fax: +61 8 8561 3393
E-mail: info@dalrymplevineyards.com.au
Post: PO Box 10, Angaston SA 5353, Australia
If the individual is not satisfied with the responses provided by Dalrymple Vineyards the matter may be taken to the Privacy Commissioner who will investigate the matter. More information may be obtained from the Commissioner's website at www.privacy.gov.au
Subscribe to Dalrymple
1337 Pipers Brook Road,
Pipers River 7254
T / (03) 6382 7229
E / info@dalrymplevineyards.com.au
www.dalrymplevineyards.com.au
Australian Distributor
Samuel Smith & Son
T / +61 8 8112 4200
E / info@samsmith.com
www.samsmith.com
Global Distributor
Negociants International
T / +61 8 8561 3200
E / info@negociants.com
www.negociants.com
Sustainability
In the next 5 years, we will embed 5 key pillars, to drive sustainability for the next 5 generations.
Read our corporate sustainability charter
Disclaimer
Privacy
WARNING
Under the Liquor Licensing Act 1990 it is an offence:
for liquor to be delivered to a person under the age of 18 years.
Penalty: Fine not exceeding 20 penalty units ($3 180 for 2017–18)
for a person under the age of 18 years to purchase liquor.
Penalty: Fine not exceeding 10 penalty units ($1 590 for 2017–18)
Tasmania Liquor Licence No 75100667.
Copyright 2020 Dalrymple