https://www.venturi.com/en/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
01. INTRODUCTION
The present Terms and Conditions are applicable between VENTURI AUTOMOBILES whose head office is located 7, rue du Gabian, 98000 Monaco represented by Mr Gildo Pallanca Pastor and any user of the site www.venturi.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Site”).
Any user of the Site should read carefully the Terms and Conditions before accessing the Site. VENTURI AUTOMOBILES may amend the Terms and Conditions at any time. Such amendments shall be published by means of putting them online and shall be deemed accepted without reserve by any and all internet users accessing the Site after the said amendments have been put online.
Moreover, VENTURI AUTOMOBILES gives access to its confidentiality policy at the following address: venturi.com/en/privacy-policy, applicable to the personal data of the users of the Site which can be collected when they visit and browse the Site. VENTURI AUTOMOBILES may also amend this confidentiality policy from time to time in order for instance to incorporate any change to applicable regulations. Users shall be informed of any significant changes.
In any event, these Terms and Conditions may be consulted on a regular basis.
02. IDENTIFICATION OF VENTURI AUTOMOBILES AND ITS SERVICES
The Site is operated by VENTURI AUTOMOBILES, company organized under Monegasque law (registration number: 01S03922) established at Gildo Pastor Center, 7, rue du Gabian, 98000 Monaco, Tel. : +377 99 99 52 00, Fax : +377 99 99 53 23, Email : info@venturi.com
The publishing director is Mr Gildo Pallanca Pastor.
The hosting provider for the Site can be reached at the following: OVH, registered under the number 424 761 419 00045 RCS Lille Métropole, established at 2 rue Kellermann, 59100 ROUBAIX, Contact : https://www.help.ovhcloud.com/en.
03. UTILISATION OF THE SITE
The Site provides information on VENTURI AUTOMOBILES’s products and services, as well as the history of the company, a gallery related to its activities and any news about these activities.
Users will have access to the Site as visitors.
Any visitor can therefore access the following functionalities using the various Site tabs: Home/History/Challenges/Gallery/News/Contact.
These different webpages give users access to:
– General or specific information about activities, services and products of VENTURI AUTOMOBILES; the Site does not content any commercial information or prices ;
– Online documentation either created by VENTURI AUTOMOBILES or produced by any of its partners;
– Latest news about VENTURI AUTOMOBILES, links to social networks related to VENTURI AUTOMOBILES;
– Photographs and videos on which VENTURI AUTOMOBILES has exclusive rights.
Users’ activity in relation with the Site or on the Site must not be fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful or even part of any illegal activity.
The users access the Site by way of their own telecommunications terminal equipment, via internet access and all the hardware and software required to use the internet. They are solely responsible for the adequation of the characteristics of their computer and internet connection in relation with the Site’s functioning and display performances.
VENTURI AUTOMOBILES shall make every effort to promptly remedy any malfunction by which the Site is affected. It does not guarantee that the Site shall function continuously and cannot be held responsible for any malfunction, interruption or unavailability of all or part of the Site.
Some information on the Site may be accessible via hypertext links to other third-party sites or platforms. VENTURI AUTOMOBILES is not responsible for the availability of content, advertisements or services accessible from these links.
Moreover, if the Site gives access to information controlled by third-parties, such information is published under the full responsibility of the publishers of these sites.
04. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
VENTURI AUTOMOBILES is the owner of the domain name https://www.venturi.com.
The Site and all its components (software, databases, text, structure, information, documents, images, illustrations, drawings, photographs, videos, animated item, charts, logos, graphic representations or any other data) belong exclusively to VENTURI AUTOMOBILES.
The list of prohibited activities includes, but is not limited to, any reproduction, representation, modification, arrangement, adaptation, translation, imitation, copy, download, extraction, public availability, distribution or communication of all or part of the Site or its components, whether or not in a commercial capacity, and without the prior and express consent of the VENTURI AUTOMOBILES.
The use of robots or any other software to access the Site or extract data therefrom is formally forbidden.
It is also forbidden to create any and all hypertext links to any one of the web pages or components of the Site without prior written authorisation from VENTURI AUTOMOBILES. Said authorisation may be withdrawn at any moment. Any and all sites with hypertext links to the Site or any one of its components shall not be under the control of VENTURI AUTOMOBILES which declines any liability (in particular with regard to editorial content) concerning access to, and the contents of, such sites.
05. PERSONAL DATA
By accessing the Site, any user accepts that VENTURI AUTOMOBILES uses its personal information which can obtained as they visit or browse the Site or write to info@venturi.com.
The privacy policy can be reached at: https://www.venturi.com/en/privacy-policy/
06. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
The Terms and Conditions have been drawn up in accordance with French law.
Any disputes which may arise as a result of the interpretation or execution of these Terms and Conditions their subsequent documents shall be referred to the competent courts.
For any question the internet user may have concerning the use of the Site and/or these legal statements or for any request to be made to VENTURI AUTOMOBILES, please send an electronic mail to the following address: info@venturi.com