http://www.therapaws.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Web Site Terms and Conditions
Thank you for visiting therapaws.org. Any time you use this site you accept these conditions so it is important to read them carefully. If for any reason you do not agree, you may not use this site. From time to time without prior notice, we may update and/or change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this site is offered. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by such modifications and/or updates.
Limited Use
This site is provided for your personal and non-commercial use only. Without express written consent, you may not download (other than page caching) modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, or services obtained from any portion of this site.
No Unlawful Or Prohibited Use
You may not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions. You may not use this site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, and impair the site in any way. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to this site, other users accounts, and or computer systems connected to this site through hacking or any other means.
Privacy And Protection Of Personal Information
See our Privacy Policy for information relating to the collection and use of your personal information.
Copyright and Trademark
All content, including text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video, is the property of Therapaws of Michigan, Inc. and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Therapaws of Michigan, Inc. and the Therapaws of Michigan, Inc. logo are registered trademarks. These and all other trademarks, service marks, and trade names appearing on this site are the property of Therapaws of Michigan, Inc. or its respective owners that have granted Therapaws of Michigan, Inc. the right to use such marks.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the World Wide Web. We provide these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site or any association with its operators. You acknowledge and agree that this site is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, nor responsible or liable for any content, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Disclaimer Of Warranties
You understand and agree that the information, products, services and related graphics are provided on an “AS-IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. We make no representations of any kind as to the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, lack of viruses and accuracy of the information, products, services and related graphics contained within this site. We hereby disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.
Limitation Of Liability
We will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of this site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the sites/services.
Applicable Law
Use of this Web site is based on the law of the United States of America. U.S. Federal. If any provision of this agreement is determined to be void or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect without being invalidated in any way. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement with respect to this site.
VIDEO: “About Therapaws”
Therapaws of Michigan, Inc.  © Copyright 2020.  All Rights Reserved.  Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Sitemap