http://www.barkbusters.com/privacy-policy
Search
Privacy Policy - Bark Busters Home Dog Training
Privacy Policy - Bark Busters UK dog training. Any age, any problem all resolved in your home. Lifetime Guarantee for your dog
Privacy Policy
Section menu
Training Options
Dog training at your home
Puppy management help and advice
Dog training classes
Gift Certificates
Stand Rite No Bite® Dog Safety Program
Training Options
Dog training at your home
Puppy management help and advice
Dog training classes
Gift Certificates
Stand Rite No Bite® Dog Safety Program
Bark Busters Stats
99.4
%
99.4%
of our clients rate their experience with Bark Busters as 4 or 5 out of 5 stars.
99.9
%
99.9%
of our clients would recommend Bark Busters to their friends and neighbors.
99.8
%
99.8%
of our clients think that their dog responded to the training.
5 / 5
Average rating 5 out of 5 based on 10617 reviews
Written Guarantee
The Bark Busters worldwide home dog training service guarantee is unique in the industry. It is designed to help owners resolve their dog's behavior and obedience problems and to provide customers with the satisfaction of ongoing support and peace of mind. Find out more
Privacy Policy - Bark Busters
Bark Busters North America LLC., dba Bark Busters Home Dog Training (Bark Busters) is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible. While you can use many features of barkbusters.com anonymously, you may be required to provide personal information to gain access to premium content and services offered now and or the future.
Obtaining your consent
By using our Website, you give Bark Busters & barkbusters.com permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at barkbusters.com, you authorize us to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. As a registered member, you give barkbusters.com and our agents permission to send you e-mails related to the subscription e-mail services to which you subscribe. Our Website does not use cookies to gather information about you. We also do not use pixel tags. If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address, or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Information Collection and Use
"The Company" refers to Bark Busters.
Information Collection
The Company is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. The Company collects information from our users at several different points on our Website.
Registration
To use this Website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration, a user is required to give contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our Website for which he or she has expressed interest.
Information Use
The Company and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to operate and deliver the services you have requested. The Company also uses your personal information to inform you of other products or services available from The Company and its affiliates. The Company may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
The Company does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Company may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
The Company does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
The Company may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Company; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of this site or the public.
Profile
We store information that we collect through log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected information is tied to the users personally identifiable information to provide special offers and to improve the content of the site for the user. This profile is used to tailor a user's visit to our website, and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not share your profile with other third parties. Your profile is shared in aggregate form only.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We do not currently share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. For example, our registration form has an opt-out mechanism so users who buy a product from us or subscribe to our service but do not want any marketing material, can keep their e-mail address off of our lists.
Links
This Website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, The Company, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
This Website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked or open, when users are just "surfing". In addition to using SSL encryption for data transfer, we also store sensitive information such as passwords in encrypted format.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices. Every year, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
If users have any questions about the security at our Website, users can send an e-mail to The Company.
Supplementation of Information
For this Website to properly fulfill its obligation to users, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from third-party sources.
Purchasing History
We do not currently share purchasing information with partners.
Enhancement of Marketing Profile
We purchase third-party marketing data and add it to our existing user database to better target our advertising and to provide pertinent offers we think our users would be interested in. We use this information to enhance or overlay the profile of individual users. This aggregate marketing data is therefore tied to the users' personally identifiable information. See also the "Profile" section.
Contact Info
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy please contact us.