http://www.urinal.net/privacy.html
Urinal Dot Net Privacy Statement
INTRODUCTION:
Urinal Dot Net Industries, Inc. ("Urinal Dot Net") has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our spotty commitment to privacy issues. The
following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for
Urinal Dot Net.
At Urinal Dot Net, we are not terribly committed to your privacy, so here
is our PRIVACY PROMISE TO YOU: Urinal Dot Net reserves the right to sometimes
sell, exchange, and / or release any of your personal information to a third
party without your express permission.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT:
From time to time, we may conduct online surveys or run a contest for promotional
purposes, during which, we may ask users for contact information (like email
addresses) and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level).
We will use contact data to send consumers promotional information about our
company and, of course, to notify people if they win the contest.
We understand, though, that you may want to participate in these surveys or
contests but may not want us to send you email. Accordingly, as part of these
surveys or contests, we will always give you the option of declining to receive
information from Urinal Dot Net. If we happen to notice your selection, you
might not receive mail from us.
Like other web sites, your IP address is visible to us when you visit our web
site. An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever
you're connected the Internet. Your IP number is visible to most of the websites
that you visit. At Urinal Dot Net, we only use IP numbers to help diagnose problems
with our servers, to administer our Web site. Sometimes we may also use your
IP number for marketing purposes.
COOKIES
Unlike many sites, Urinal Dot Net doesn't use cookies. Cookies are data files
that are stored on your computer. They contain identification information that
enables people to see how their users are interacting with their site and how
frequently they are returning. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable
information.
We do not use cookies at the present time, but maybe sometime we will. It could be that we
are already using cookies, but just forgot to update this Privacy Statement.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Urinal Dot Net sometimes contains links to other sites. Urinal Dot Net is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Urinal
Dot Net does not share any of the individual personal information you provide
Urinal Dot Net with the sites to which Urinal Dot Net links, although Urinal
Dot Net may share aggregate data with such sites
Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.
OPT-OUT
If you do not wish to receive future communications from us, you can send an
email to editor@urinal.net.
CONTACTING URINAL DOT NET
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with Urinal Dot Net, please contact:
Privacy Policy Issues/ Product Management
400 James A. Lick Memorial Freeway
San Francisco, California 97999
Tel (795) 353-3000
Fax (795) 434-0557
Copyright 2000-13 - URINAL.NET