https://www.mdt.mt.gov/mdt/security_policy.shtml
Montana Department of Transportation
Main Navigation
Skip navigation
Traveler Info
Public Involvement
Road & Bridge $
Doing Business
Publications
COVID-19
View the Governor’s Coronavirus Task Force site for more information.
Main Content
Internet Privacy and Security
Department of Administration State Information Technology Services Division
Effective beginning February 1, 2002
Last Revised:
October 4, 2018
I. Purpose
The Montana Information Technology Act (MITA) assigns the responsibility of establishing and
enforcing statewide IT policies and standards to the Department of Administration (DOA). The
purpose of this Policy is to implement the Internet Privacy and Security Policy for defining
actions to fulfill the responsibility.
II. Scope
This Policy applies to the CIO as required under 2-17-521(4), MCA, and to executive branch
agencies, excluding the university system, as required under Section 2-17-524(3), MCA.
III. Policy Statement
This policy has been developed for the state’s enterprise information systems maintained by
DOA based on the Montana Information Technology Act (MITA). This policy is in cooperation
with the federal and local governments with the objective of providing seamless access to
information and services to the greatest degree possible 2-17-505 (3).
IV. Roles And Responsibilities
Roles and responsibilities are required by this policy and in accordance with POL-Information
Security Policy - Appendix B (Security Roles and Responsibilities).
V. Requirements
The State of Montana respects each individual website user's right to privacy. Any personal
information that is collected will not be disclosed to any third party except as required by
applicable law, unless the website user has expressly permitted the disclosure or "opted in"
to allow the disclosure. The purpose of this statement is to inform website users of the use of
information that may be collected while they are visiting this or any State of Montana
website.
Citizens and businesses are not routinely asked to provide personal information to visit State
of Montana websites or to download information. This includes mt.gov as well as agency
websites. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in
order to provide requested specialized services, but such information is handled as it would
during an in-person visit to a government office.
Montana law controls the level of access to personally identifiable information maintained in
public records at state and local levels of government. Information that is generally available
under Montana law may be posted for electronic access through mt.gov and associated
agency websites.
Use of Constituent Email Addresses
Email addresses obtained as a result of a request to the state website will not be sold or given
to other private companies for marketing purposes unless it is specifically stated when the
email address is requested and the user "opts in" to having their email used in the stated
fashion. The information collected is subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of
Montana Code and Federal law. Email or other information requests sent to a state website
may be maintained in order to respond to the request, forward that request to the appropriate
agency, communicate updates to the state web page that may be of interest to citizens, or to
provide the website designers with valuable customer feedback to assist in improving the site.
Individuals will be provided with the ability to "opt in" at any time to receive communication
regarding new service updates.
Transaction Information
The state uses secured servers for conducting online transactions. All credit card and other
payment information that is transmitted is protected by encryption technology, provided the
website user's browser is properly configured and the user's computer is operating properly.
Data Security and Quality
The State of Montana is committed to data security and the data quality of personally
identifiable information that is either available from or collected by governmental web sites,
and has taken reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information from loss,
misuse or alteration. Any third parties responsible for this information are committed to the
same principles, and also are required by contract to follow the same policies and guidelines
as the State of Montana in protecting this information. Unless otherwise prohibited by state or
federal law, rule or regulation, the individual is granted the ability to access and correct
personally identifiable information whether or not the information inaccuracy was accidental or
created by unauthorized access.
Non-State Websites
Various non-state websites may be linked through mt.gov and other state maintained
websites. Since the state has no control over these non- state websites, visitors to those sites
are advised to check their privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally
identifiable information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used. The
state accepts no liability for other entities that are linked to the state's websites. Visitors may
also wish to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy
Alliance.
Website Security
For information security purposes, the computer systems that host mt.gov and other state
websites employ software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized
attempts to compromise its devices. These attempts to cause damage could be subject to
legal action.
Criteria
All government websites that collect personally identifiable information from a website user
will apply the following criteria:
The website must identify who operates it.
The website must provide the address and telephone number, as well as an email address,
where a contact can be made.
The website must give a general description of the types of third parties that may obtain the
information that is being collected.
The website must provide the website user the ability to "opt-in" for allowing their
information to be used in other ways than for the purpose of the website.
Google Analytics
The Montana Department of Transportation uses Google Analytics to analyze web traffic. Google uses a cookie to collect anonymous traffic data.
VI. Definitions
Government: The state which includes the State of Montana or any office, department,
agency, authority, commission, board, institution, hospital, college, university, or other
instrumentality of the state and political subdivisions of the state which includes any county,
city, municipal corporation, school district, or other political subdivision or public corporation.
Personally Identifiable Information: Individually identifiable information about an individual
collected online, including:
A first and last name
A residence or other physical address, including a street name and name of a city or town
An email address
A telephone number
A social security number
Unique identifying information that an Internet service provider or a government website operator collects and combines with any information described above.
VII. Compliance
Compliance shall be evidenced by implementing the Policy as described above.
Policy changes or exceptions are governed by the Procedure for Establishing and
Implementing Statewide Information Technology Policies and Standards. Requests for a
review or change to this instrument are made by submitting an Action Request form.
Requests for exceptions are made by submitting an Exception Request form. Changes to
policies and standards will be prioritized and acted upon based on impact and need.
VIII. Enforcement
Policies and standards not developed in accordance with this policy will not be approved as
statewide IT policies or standards.
Enforcement for statewide polices and standards developed in accordance with this policy will
be defined in each policy, standard or procedure.
If warranted, management shall take appropriate disciplinary action to enforce this Policy, up to
and including termination of employment, consistent with current State Policy. The discipline
policy can be found in the MOM Policy System (search for: 261). When considering formal
disciplinary action, management will consult with their assigned Human Resource Specialist
before taking action.
IX. References
A. Legislation
2-15-112 MCA Powers and Duties of Department
2-15-114 MCA Security Responsibilities of Departments for Data
2-17-505 MCA Policy
2-17-512 MCA Duties and Powers of Department Heads
2-17-514(1) MCA Enforcement
Montana Information Technology Act (MITA)
B. Policies, Directives, Regulations, Rules, Procedures, Memoranda
ARM 2.13.101 - 2.13.107 – Regulation of Communication Facilities
ARM 2.12.206 - Establishing Policies, Standards, Procedures and Guidelines
Statewide Policy: POL-Establishing and Implementing Statewide Information Technology Policies and Standards
SITSD Procedure: IT Policies, Standards, Procedures and White Papers (search for: 180)
C. Standards, Guidelines
Social Media