http://www.medboat.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Contact MedBoat
MedBoat – Our Commitment To Privacy
Use and storage of your personal information
On our website we aggregate user information, cookie and tracking information and may share this with advertisers and commercial partners to monitor customer traffic patterns such as the number of users to the website, pages visited and the length of visit.
Use of Cookies
We use “Cookies” on our websites. Use this short guide to help you understand more about Cookies, the ways we use them and how you can control their use on your computer.
Our website uses Cookies and other tracking technologies. By using our website you consent to the use of Cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with this policy.
If you do not accept the use of Cookies, please disable them or by changing your browser settings so that Cookies from this website cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files generated by a website, that can be stored by your browser. These Cookies are sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to any other visited website that recognises that Cookie.
The types of Cookies we use
These are the types of Cookies used:
1. Essential Cookies
We use several Cookies that are important in making the site function as it should. For example our system uses a Cookie to record a unique reference on your computer so that we can keep track of pages you visit. We also use Cookies to detect if you are viewing from a mobile device so that we can show the best version of the site.
2. Preference Cookies
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. These Cookies may be used to gather certain information about you, including details of your IP address, location, operating system and browser version.
3. Analytics Cookies
We track site usage, for example the number of people visiting and the different sections of our website. This data is anonymous and we cannot use this to uniquely identify individuals and their usage of the site.
Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
4. Third party advertising Cookies
Some adverts or links on our pages come from third party sources such as advertisers or affiliate websites. Some of these third parties use their own Cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once. MedBoat is not responsible for the Cookie policies or practices of these companies. You can opt out of these Cookies via your web browser.
Turning off Cookies
Each Cookie has an expiration date, this may be after your session or for longer. You can block Cookies by changing the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse some or all Cookies.
Find out more
You can get more information about Cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these policies; please send us an email at info@medboat.com
Follow MedBoat:
Popular and New BoatsPopular PostsRecent Posts
Charter a Sunseeker Predator 58 from Puerto Banus
Luxury Boat Charter Puerto Banus, Fairline Squadron 78
Astondoa 72 Motor Yacht Luxury Super Yacht Charters in Estepona
Astondoa 40 Flybridge Boat Charter from Puerto Banus
Sea Ray 295 Bow Rider Sports Boat from Puerto Banus
Sea Ray 295 SLX Sports Boat Charters from Puerto Banus
Sea Ray Sundancer 355 Boat Charter from Puerto Banus
Charter a Sunseeker Predator 58 from Puerto Banus
Classic Boat – Sir Anthony Puerto Banus & Marbella Charter
Sunseeker Manhattan 66 Marbella & Gibraltar Boat Charter
Princess 61 Boat Charter on Spain’s Costa del Sol
Jeanneau Prestige 46 Flybridge Motor Yacht Charter in Sotogrande
Cranchi 43 Motor Boat Charter from Estepona Marina
Motor Boat for Private Party Marbella and Puerto Banus
Visit Our Web Sites Marbella Fishing
Marbella Catamaran
Go 2 Marbella
MedBoat Charter Marbella
Jet4Charter
Some helpful stuff! MedBoat Web Resources
MedBoat Privacy Policy
MedBoat Charter
Marbella Motor Boats
Luxury Boat Charter Puerto Banus, Fairline Squadron 78
Falcon 102 Motor Yacht Charter Puerto Banus, Marbella
Princess V72 Motor Yacht Charter Puerto Banus
Marbella Yachts
GibSea 472 Skippered Charter Sailing Gibraltar and Spain
Classic Yacht – Dawn Approach Charters from Puerto Banus
Lagoon 380 Catamaran Charter Marbella and Estepona Sailing
WhatsApp Enquiry