http://www.adsailing.gr/en/policy.html
Home
The Fleet/Price List
Sailing Maps
Photo Gallery
Inquiry Form
Hotel & Sailling Programs
3 days hotel and 4 days sailing program
Hotel luxury staying & sailing Explorations,
Privite cruise in Halkidiki,
Private cruise to North Sporades,
Big game tuna fishing,
Day Sailling Exclusion
Privacy Policy
Adsailing.gr and Ad-sailing.com are owned and operated By AD Sailing Costas
Vathiotis Bross. AD Sailing takes your privacy seriously.
The terms contained on this page may be revised from periodically.
Please, visit this page from time to time to review newest terms of our privacy policy.
What this Privacy Policy covers
Information collection and use
Information searing
Security on site
Questions and comments
Information collection and use
Personal information is required when you send an enquiry
to AD Sailing. You may provide your name, e-mail address,
postal, etc. Once your request is send you are not anonymous
to us any more and we do our best to serve you. All your
personal information you trust us it stays with in AD Sailing.
Information searing
No part of your personal information you have provided
would be sold, rent, disclosed, or made accessible by
third parties or the public. However bear in mind that
you transmit your message over a public network.
The Information We Collect
You do not have to give us personally
identifiable information in order to visit our
Web site. However, on the Web site, you may be
able to order products, enter contests,
participate in a survey or otherwise express an
opinion, subscribe to one of our services such
as our online newsletters, or participate in one
of our online forums or communities. Personally
identifiable information is generally provided
and collected when you search, buy, bid, post,
participate in a contest or questionnaire, or
communicate with customer service. As a result
of those actions, you may supply us with such
information as your name, address, phone numbers,
e-mail address, contact preferences, credit card
information, financial information and
information relating to a support or service
issue that may, alone or in combination with
other data, constitute personally identifiable
information. If we collect personally
identifiable information from you, you are
giving us permission to use that information for
the specific purpose for which it is provided
and to contact you regarding site services,
improve or enhance site performance, to offer
you information regarding products and services,
fulfill product orders, improve our Web site, to
communicate to you about other matters that may
be of interest to you and for any other purpose
described in this Privacy Policy. In connection
with the foregoing, we may share your
information with our affiliates. Users unwilling
to provide personally identifiable information
online can choose to work with a sales
representative or customer service
representative to utilize member services or
other site offerings.
We also may collect, store and use certain non-personally
identifiable information when you visit many of
our Web pages such as the type of browser you
are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer),
the type of operating system you are using, (e.g.,
Windows '95 or Mac OS) and the domain name of
your Internet service provider (e.g., America
Online, Earthlink). In addition, we aggregate
data from multiple users in a manner that is not
personally identifiable and use such data as we
deem appropriate.
How We Use the
Information
Information about our customers is an important
part of our business, and we are not in the
business of selling personally identifiable
information to unaffiliated third parties for
their commercial use. We share personally
identifiable customer information with
unaffiliated third parties only as described
herein.
Businesses We Do
Not Control: At times, we may provide
products and services on our Web site in
cooperation with an unaffiliated third party. You
can tell when a third party is involved in your
transactions, and we share customer information
related to those transactions with that third
party.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes
we send offers to selected groups of customers
on behalf of other businesses. When we do this,
we do not give that business your name and
address.
Business Transfers: As
we continue to develop our business, we might
sell or buy companies, subsidiaries or business
units. In such transactions, customer
information generally is one of the transferred
business assets, but remains subject to the
promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy
(unless, of course, the customer consents
otherwise). Also, in the event that we are
acquired or assigned, customer information will
of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Our
Web site and Others: We reserve the
right to release account and other personal
information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or
apply our Terms and Conditions of Site Use and
other agreements, or protect the rights,
property or safety of this company, our users or
others. This includes exchanging information
with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously,
however, this does not include selling, renting,
sharing or otherwise disclosing personally
identifiable information from customers for
commercial purposes in violation of the
commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other
than as set out above, you will receive notice
when information about you might go to third
parties, and you will have an opportunity to
choose not to share the information.
AD Sailing may use your information to send you future promotions, unless you otherwise specify.
Security on site
In certain areas, such as credit cards transactions, AD Sailing uses
industry-standard SSL 128 –encryption to protect data transmissions.
Our secure payment are made via LINEPAY.GR OF
EUROBANK of Greece. This is a 'secure' server and your
credit card information is protected. It encrypts all of
your personal information including credit card number,
name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the
information travels over the Internet. Your credit card
information is not stored anywhere. For added security,
OUR COMPANY do not have access on your credit card
information. EuroBank
use your personal information only to
verify your credit card transaction with us.
Questions and comments
If you believe AD Sailing is not abiding by its posted privacy policy
or if you have any questions, suggestions or comments, please direct them to the following address:
AD Sailing
Costas Vathiotis Bross
Parodos Imbrou 2, 55236 Panorama, Thessaloniki, Greece
info@adsailing.gr
Tel : +30 2310 346007 || +30 6936899000
Fax : +30 2310 347006
Why With Us
Booking Info
Bases/Arriving Info
On-Line Booking
Sailing Tips
Links
F.a.q
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Testimonials
Copyright© 2006
AD Sailing, Parodos Imbrou 2, 55236 Panorama
Tel +30 6936899000 fax +30 2310 347006
info@adsailing.gr
Developed by
Glance Tech