http://www.Travel50andBeyond.com/privacy.cfm
Due to the unprecedented challenges our company has faced during the coronavirus pandemic, we have made the difficult decision to discontinue publishing Travel 50 & Beyond. We have also suspended publishing operations for our other magazines until further notice. We are looking at the best way to fulfill current subscriptions once we resume operations. If you have any questions or concerns, please email service@Travel50andBeyond.com and let us know how we can be of assistance to you.
At Travel 50 & Beyond, privacy is important.
We use the contact information that you provide in order to fulfill your requests for such things as subscriptions, books and special reports, free trial issues and free travel information, and to answer your questions regarding the status of your subscription or other orders you place.
We may also use the contact information to make you aware of special subscription pricing and limited time offers from Travel 50 & Beyond. By submitting a request for a free trial issue, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Travel 50 & Beyond.
If you use our site to request free information from our advertisers, we will provide your contact information to the specific advertisers you have indicated so that they may fulfill your request.
If you purchase anything from our site via credit card, we will provide your contatct information to our sister company, Vacations To Go, for processing. Any charges will appear on your statement under the merchant name Vacations To Go.
If you subscribe online, you may be offered an opportunity to receive special offers and products mailed to your postal address from carefully selected third parites, and you will have the opportunity to opt in or out of this service, at no cost.
In all cases, the contact information that we collect is protected against unapproved access.
About Travel 50 & Beyond  |
Privacy  |
Site Map
|  Mobile Site
Our Publications
Travel Websites
Travel 50 & Beyond
Oceangoing Cruises
Vacations
River Cruises
Where to Retire
Escorted Tours
America's 100 Best Places to Retire
Hotels & Resorts
Retirement Migration in America
Africa Safaris
©2020 Travel 50 & Beyond. All rights reserved.