https://www.barharborwhales.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
This site, available as www.barharborwhales.com, www.barharborwhalewatching.com, www.whalesrus.com, www.mainewhalewatch.com is owned and operated by The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company. Use of this site signifies your agreement to the Terms Of Use - Disclaimer.
Disclaimer
We work diligently to keep all information contained in The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company web site up-to-date. However, prices, listings, articles and other information are subject to change and are for informational purposes only. The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions noted on this Web site. Please verify all information with The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company management via email or by the telephone number provided on each listing (see page bottom).
Links to Third Party Websites
This web site contains hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company. The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company does not control such web sites and is not responsible for their contents. The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company's inclusion of hyperlinks to such Web sites does not necessarily imply any endorsement of the material on such web sites or any association with their operators.
Limitation of Liability
Neither The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company nor any of its directors, employees, operating partners or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company. To help protect your privacy, we adhere to the following guidelines.
This web site will explicitly ask when it needs information that personally identifies our customers or allows it to contact our customers ("Personal Information"). When possible, this web site will provide our customers with the means to make sure that Personal Information is correct and current.
This web site and its service providers may use Personal Information to operate the sites, provide services, and to inform our customers of new features, services, and products. The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company does not disclose or sell personal information to other individuals or businesses.
This web site may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with applicable law or with legal process served on The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company or its parent company(ies); (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company or its parent company(ies), and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company, its parent company(ies), related properties, the site or the public.
If at any time a customer believes that this web site has not adhered to these principles, or includes material omissions or errors please notify The Bar Harbor Whale Watch Company by e-mail at webmaster@barharborwhales.com. We will use all reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.
Webmaster
Please feel free to contact the developers at Great Lakes Tech Solutions, LLC if you have any technical questions or comments regarding this Web site.
Translate »Book Your Tour
Book Your TourScroll To Top
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset