https://www.dosplumashuntingranch.com/privacy-terms-of-use/
Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch
325-665-9450
Send A Text
Email Us
Home
Packages
Texas Hog Packages
Trophy Hog Package
Ram/Hog Combo Hunts
Fishing
Lodge
Gallery
Videos
Photos
Texas Hog Hunts
Rifle Hog Hunts
Archery Hog Hunts
Trophy Hog Hunts
Hog Hunting FAQs
About
Our Blog
Testimonials
Hog Hunting Tips
Location
History of Hogs in Texas
Hog Hunting Advantages
Why Texas?
Newsletter Sign Up
Book a Hunt
Contact Us
Review Us
Hog Hunting Calendar
Privacy & Terms
Site Map
Privacy & Terms of Use
Terms of Service The content that Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch provides on our website, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, and logos, is owned by either Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch or the party that has provided the content to us and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch is the sole and exclusive owner of its compilation of this content on our website, and this compilation is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Unpermitted copying of any of this content could lead to copyright infringement.
Disclaimer
Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website. Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch assumes no liability or responsibility for any typographical or other errors or omissions in the content on this site. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with other incorrect information due to a typographical or other error, Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed incorrectly. Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. If a product offered by Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it to Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch for a refund.
Linked Sites
Linked sites are not under the control of Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch and Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch is not responsible for the contents of any linked sites. Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch does not endorse the contents of any of the links that are contained on this site.
Promotions
All promotions are subject to availability and inventory. Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch reserves the right to change, alter, or cancel promotions at any time without notice.
Revisions
Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Privacy Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch respects our customers right to privacy online. We hold your detailed customer information in confidence.
Credit Card Security
We currently use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. We believe SSL to be a very safe encryption method.
Email Security
For your protection, never put your credit card number or other sensitive information in unencrypted e-mail. When we send a confirmation email for your order, we will not include your credit card that you input when you ordered. In the extremely unlikely event that we ever do suspect a customer's credit card number has been intercepted, we will immediately notify the customer.
Email Sharing
We will not share your email with 3rd parties. We only use your email for responses to website inquires.
Cookies
Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch currently uses cookies on our site. Our cookies tag each visitor's browser with a random, unique number. The cookie simply assigns a number and does not disclose any personal information about the person using the browser. We use cookies, so that when you come back to shop, your customer information will be remembered (minus your credit card information).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or your dealings with Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch, please contact us.
2020 Photos & Text Copyright - © Dos Plumas Hunting Ranch
3plains.com - Hunting Ranch Web Design
Back To Top