https://www.bluecrabfestival.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
World Famous Blue Crab Festival ("World Famous Blue Crab Festival")
operates bluecrabfestival.org and may operate other websites. It
is World Famous Blue Crab Festival's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, World Famous Blue Crab Festival collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. World Famous Blue Crab Festival's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how World Famous Blue Crab Festival's visitors use its website. From time to
time, World Famous Blue Crab Festival may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
World Famous Blue Crab Festival also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on bluecrabfestival.org
blogs/sites. World Famous Blue Crab Festival only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to World Famous Blue Crab Festival's websites choose to interact
with World Famous Blue Crab Festival in ways that require World Famous Blue Crab Festival to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that World Famous Blue Crab Festival gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at bluecrabfestival.org to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with World Famous Blue Crab Festival are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, World Famous Blue Crab Festival collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
World Famous Blue Crab Festival. World Famous Blue Crab Festival does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
World Famous Blue Crab Festival may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. World Famous Blue Crab Festival may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, World Famous Blue Crab Festival does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
World Famous Blue Crab Festival discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on World Famous Blue Crab Festival's behalf or to provide services available
at World Famous Blue Crab Festival's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using World Famous Blue Crab Festival's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. World Famous Blue Crab Festival will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, World Famous Blue Crab Festival discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when World Famous Blue Crab Festival believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of World Famous Blue Crab Festival, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an World Famous Blue Crab Festival website and have supplied your email address, World Famous Blue Crab Festival
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with World Famous Blue Crab Festival and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. World Famous Blue Crab Festival takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. World Famous Blue Crab Festival uses cookies to
help World Famous Blue Crab Festival identify and track visitors, their usage of World Famous Blue Crab Festival
website, and their website access preferences. World Famous Blue Crab Festival visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using World Famous Blue Crab Festival's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of World Famous Blue Crab Festival's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If World Famous Blue Crab Festival, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that World Famous Blue Crab Festival goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of World Famous Blue Crab Festival may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by World Famous Blue Crab Festival and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, World Famous Blue Crab Festival may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in World Famous Blue Crab Festival's sole
discretion. World Famous Blue Crab Festival encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a bluecrabfestival.org account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
When
May 15 & 16, 2021
9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Where
Historic Little River Waterfront
4468 Mineola Ave,
Little River, SC 29566
Ticket Price
Online Advance Ticket – $5
Day-of Admission – $5
Children 12 & Under Free
Sponsored by:
Contact Information
Little River Chamber of Commerce: (843) 249-6604, info@LittleRiverChamber.org
Member of the South Carolina Festival and Event Association
Green Powered Event
Additional Support Provided By
Search for: