https://www.redrope.org.uk/members/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Red Rope > Members > Privacy Policy
Red Rope Club – Privacy Policy
Red Rope takes your privacy seriously and we only use your personal information to administer your membership.
What data we collect
Red Rope collects only simple basic information about each member:
Name, address, phone, email, Date of birth, Band charge, if you are willing to share ‘The Bulletin’ magazine with another member at same address (and that name). You also are asked to opt in to receiving the Red Rope MIS newsletter.
Where data is stored
From January 2018, our membership database is hosted by WebCollect (this applies whether you joined or renewed online or by sending us a paper form)
The WebCollect system is used for membership and administrative purposes only, namely:
Email correspondence from National Red Rope secretary (very rarely)
We pass your details on to your region contact secretary so that you can be advised about regional activities. They will ask you if you wish to go on a local emailing list, if the region has one.
Printing address labels to post you the twice yearly Bulletin magazine
If you live in England or Wales, we pass your name, contact details and date of birth to the BMC for affiliation, club insurance and their magazine
If you live in Scotland we pass your name, contact details and date of birth to Mountaineering Scotland for affiliation, club insurance and their magazine
In addition, WebCollect contracts with GoCardless who you may optionally choose as a payment method for the annual joining subscription.
Sharing your data with BMC and MS
If you live in England or Wales, as a BMC affiliated club, we provide your name, contact details and date of birth to the BMC (British Mountaineering Council), to administer your membership of the BMC including your club combined liability insurance cover, and access to its membership services and benefits.
The BMC will use your data to communicate with you about your membership. The BMC will contact you to invite you to create a ‘Member Profile’ which, amongst other things, allows you to set and amend your privacy settings. More information about how the BMC uses data can be found here:  www.thebmc.co.uk/privacy
If you live in Scotland, as a Mountaineering Scotland affiliated club, we provide your name, contact details and date of birth to Mountaineering Scotland, to administer your membership of MS including your club combined liability insurance cover, and access to its membership services and benefits.
More information about the Mountaineering Scotland Privacy Policy can be found here:  https://www.mountaineering.scot/about-us/business-matters/privacy-notice
We will not share your data with any other parties outside Red Rope apart from the BMC or MS as outlined above.
WebCollect and Your Access to your data
Webcollect is a secure system and you can log in to view your own details, or change them if you move, change email address etc.
You can view your own personal data at any time by signing into your Webcollect membership, using your email and the password you set when you joined or renewed.
https://webcollect.org.uk/redropewalkingandclimbing
Editable details are: name / email / phone/ DOB / address / payment method / password / region / bulletin share / MIS receiving / additional bulletins
Or you can ask the membership secretary to make any changes necessary who has administrator access to the database.
If you leave Red Rope for any reason, your data is archived in our WebCollect system, or you can ask for it to be deleted.
And finally…
We hope this helps you to understand how we manage your personal details and that it gives you confidence that data is collected and processed in a sensible manner.
If you require any further information about the way we deal with your details, please contact secretary@redrope.org.uk
Links to privacy Policies
This document is the Red Rope Privacy Policy, you may also check out the BMC and Mountaineering Scotland privacy notices at the links below:
You can find the BMC Privacy Policy at www.thebmc.co.uk/privacy
You can find the Mountaineering Scotland Privacy Policy at https://www.mountaineering.scot/about-us/business-matters/privacy-notice
Personal Data on www.redrope.org.uk
Contact forms
If you fill in a contact form, the message and your details will be checked by an automated spam detection service and emailed to the relevant person.  These details will not be saved on the website.
Analytics
We do not share website analytic data with anyone outside of Red Rope
Security
We take reasonable precautions to protect the integrity of our site.
Cookies and Content Editors
If you are a site editor, and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
If you have any further questions please contact the Red Rope National Secretary
Tweet
Quick LinksLatest News
Join Red Rope
Discussion Lists
Trip charges
Trip booking Forms
Trip Planning and Resources
Club Hut
Committee Minutes