https://www.nmrabr.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
National Model Railroad Association British RegionMember LoginFacebook page opens in new windowFacebook page opens in new window
Home MembersBecome a Member/Join Us Member Home Page Membership ManagementMember Dashboard Edit Profile / Change Password Membership Renewal
About UsWho is the NMRA for? Achievement ProgramAchievement Program – Master Builder Motive Power Achievement Program – Master Builder Cars Achievement Program – Master Builder Structures Achievement Program – Master Builder Scenery Achievement Program – Master Builder Prototype Models Achievement Program – Model Railroad Civil Engineer Achievement Program – Model Railroad Electrical Engineer Achievement Program – Chief Dispatcher Achievement Program – Association Official Achievement Program – Association Volunteer Achievement Program – Model Railroad Author
NMRA BR Officers NMRA BR Awards NMRA BR Presidents 1945-2020 Divisions and Groups Member ArticlesThe A D&D Railroad Adding Hopper Ladders Modelling SP Diesels – SD40T-2s Modelling SP Diesels – GP40s Modelling SP Diesels – SD40M-2s Model Railroad Operations
NMRA Model Contests Members Exhibition Layouts HO Freemo Module Specs Disposing of Model Railroad Estates Privacy Policy
Member ServicesRead Roundhouse Magazine Read Back2Basics Region Library Member Discounts Member Aid Program Special Interest Groups Members Forum NMRA BR Constitution Members Guides BoD Meetings and Reports Elected and Appointed Officers Members Directory
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
NMRA British Region Privacy Policy
About this document
We, The National Model Railroad Association, British Region (NMRA BR) hold and process personal data relating to those NMRA members living in the British Region and NMRA members living elsewhere who choose to subscribe to British Region services. We take your privacy very seriously because we want to act responsibly, and the law requires us to do so.
What is personal Data?
Personal data means data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data.
Who is responsible for your data?
The British Region Board of Directors (BoD) is ultimately responsible for the running of the Region, and the BoD will nominate a specific individual to oversee data protection. We publish details of who that person is on our website www.nmrabr.org.uk
Scope
This document applies to all those holding personal data on behalf of the NMRA BR. It covers all personal data, irrespective of whether that data is held on electronic media or paper records. The BoD shall ensure that anyone holding or processing personal data is familiar with this document and understands their responsibilities with regard to data protection and privacy.
What we do to protect your privacy:
We will only hold personal data that we need for specific purposes, such as communications with you,
We will hold data securely,
We will ensure the data we hold is relevant and up to date,
We will only hold the data we need, and for as long as we need it,
We will allow you to see the personal data we hold on you, and we will amend it if it is incorrect.
What data we hold about you
We hold your name, your contact details such as your postal address, phone number, email address, your date or year of birth (if you have provided it) to ensure that we can uniquely identify you and to tailor the services we offer, your modelling preferences (if you have supplied them), details of dates and amounts you have paid us, and your PayPal details if you use PayPal to pay your subscription. We may hold details of the layouts you own if you have supplied details to us.
What we do with your data
We will contact you from time to time regarding the running of the Region – eg subscription renewals and membership ballots.
We may contact you from time to time with details of meetings, or modelling information that we think you may find useful.
We may use a third party to distribute such communications as Roundhouse, in which case we will pass your contact details to them solely for distribution purposes.
Consent
With your express consent we will publish your contact details in our bi-monthly magazine (Roundhouse) when you join or change your contact details, and annually in our Directory. Roundhouse and The Directory are only distributed to other NMRA BR members.
If your details are published you may be contacted by other NMRA members.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, but you should be aware that it is not practicable for us to withdraw information that has previously been published.
We will not pass your data to third parties (ie non NMRA members) without your express consent.
Passing your data to the USA
The NMRA is an American organisation, and joining the NMRA requires that we pass your data to our parent body (“National”) in the USA. Data protection legislation in the USA is not the same as here in the UK, but National operates a strict privacy policy to keep your data secure. We have a written undertaking from National that they will not pass your data to third parties. National may use your data to contact you in the same way as we in the British Region do.
Subject Access Rights
You have a right to see what personal data we hold about you. Such requests must be made in writing, either by email or by post to the Membership Director. We will reply to you within a month, and we will amend any data we hold about you if it is incorrect. We will not make any charge for dealing with such requests.
Implementation and Review
This policy comes into force on 25 May 2018 and will be reviewed annually by the NMRA British Region Board of Directors.
Go to Top