https://www.suntravelcruises.com/privacy/
Home
Resources
About Us
Get a Quote!
Contact Us
Join Our Team
4420 North Mesa
El Paso, TX 79902
1718 N Zaragoza Rd., Ste B1
El Paso, Texas 79936
800.874.4042
18 6th St. No.
Great Falls, MT 59401
800.727.6022
Toggle navigation
CRUISES
Cruise Search
Signature Collection
Cruise Destinations
Alaska Cruises
Cruise Specials
Cruise Lines
Embarkation Ports
River Cruises
Get a Quote
VACATIONS
Vacation Search
Advanced Search
Search by Destination
Vacation Suppliers
Hawaii Vacations
Mexico Getaways
World Destinations
Get a Vacation Quote
HOTELS & RESORTS
HOT DEALS
Hot Cruise Deals
Hot Vacation Deals
Hotels & Resorts Deals
GROUPS
CORPORATE
Government Travel
Corporate Travel
Education Travel
VIDEOS
Enter for a chance to Win a Free Vacation!
Sign Up!
Receive special offers via email!
Online Privacy Policy for SunTravelCruises.com
Sun Travel understands the privacy concerns of today's Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.Sun Travel will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of Sun Travel.Sun Travel does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers.
Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to e-mail our customer service department.
Digital Travel Magazine
To help you discover ways to explore the world, we're pleased to share our The Travel Magazine Online.
View Magazine
Shore Excursions
Save money and escape the crowds. Hot Deals and multi-port packages. Savings of up to 50%!
View Excursions
Free Mobile App Download
Our free app that allows you to carry all of the destination information you need while traveling, right in your pocket!
Download the Phone App!
Trip Insurance
We recommend optional travel insurance that protects you in the event of having to cancel your trip avoiding travel vendor cancellation policies and more!
Buy Travel Insurance
Sign Up!
Receive special offers and discounts via email!
Click here to Sign Up!
Sun Travel
4420 North MesaEl Paso, TX 79902
Eastside Office1718 N Zaragoza Rd., Ste B1El Paso, Texas
79936
Phone: 800.874.4042
Hours:Monday - Friday: 8:00 am - 6:00pm (MST)
Saturday: 9:00 am - 2:00 pm (MST)
Home
Resources
About Us
Get a Quote!
Contact
Careers
Terms
Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved. Sun Travel.
Travel content powered by advaia.com