http://www.skin-diver.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Features
Articles
Travel
Services
Licenses
Insurance
Dive Events
Directories
Scuba Gear
Dive Safety
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Skin-Diver takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Skin-Diver treats personal information that Skin-Diver collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Skin-Diver products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Skin-Diver does not own or control, or to people that Skin-Diver does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
General
Skin-Diver collects personal information when you register with Skin-Diver when you visit Skin-Diver pages or the pages of certain Skin-Diver partners. Skin-Diver may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, Address, City, State, Zip, Country, Phone number and email address. Once you register with Skin-Diver and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Skin-Diver automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address and the page you request.
Skin-Diver uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you and conduct research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Skin-Diver does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Skin-Diver under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Skin-Diver communicate with you about offers from Skin-Diver and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Skin-Diver’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Skin-Diver is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Skin-Diver will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
Skin-Diver may set and access Skin-Diver cookies on your computer.
You can access most parts of the websites with cookies being enabled, but you need in order to log in and check or change your personal information, articles, and organizations.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
General
You can edit your Skin-Diver Account Information.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Skin-Diver service, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and the Skin-Diver Newsletter, that are considered part of your Skin-Diver account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Your Skin-Diver Account Information is password-protected.
In certain areas, Skin-Diver uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Skin-Diver may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Skin-Diver account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please complete contact us at info@skin-diver.com.
Search for:
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
Articles
Ask the Pro
Awards
Cross Talk
Diver’s Library
Divin’ USA
California
Hawaii
Editorial
Encounters
Awakening the Dragon
Environment
Goin’ Pro
I Learned
Personalities
Photography
Scuba Med
Time Capsules
Totally Tech
Training
Water Work
Features
Freshwater Affection
Masters of the Realm
The Player
The Way of the Dolphin
Whale Tales
Winged Giants
Travel
Caribbean and Bermuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Bermuda
Bonaire
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Curacao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Nevis
Puerto Rico
Saba
St. Kitts
St. Lucia
St. Vincent and the Grenadines
Tobago
Turks & Caicos
US Virgin Islands
Indian Ocean and Southern Africa
Maldives
Mozambique
The Seychelles
Live-aboards
Mexico Central and South America
Belize
Coco Island
Costa Rica
Galapagos
Honduras
Mexico
Socorro Islands
Venezuela
North Western Pacific
Chuuk(Truk)
Guam
Kosrae
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Palau
Ponape
Rota
Saipan
Yap
Red Sea and Middle East
Egypt
Israel
Red Sea
South East Asia
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
Thailand
South Pacific
Australia
Fiji
Papua New Guinea
Tahiti/French Polynesia
The Solomon Islands
Vanuatu
Recent Posts
5/8ths of my scuba heroes are Australian
Elemental Passions in the Blue World of the Shark: Moorea
South East Asia
Community
Find a Dive Buddy
Become a Member
Build a Web Page
Privacy Policy
Diving Events
All Things Scuba
Scuba Travel Guide
Scuba Diving Games
Scuba Diving Instruction
Scuba Articles
Enter Our Email Contest
Sign Up Now
By Subscribing, you'll receive advance notice of new products, reviews by our instructors, gear and travel specials and more.
Copyright © 1996-2018 Skin-Diver.