http://www.girlscoutssdi.org/en/privacy-policy.html
Shop
Español
Forms
Careers
Contact Us
ABOUT
ABOUT
EVENTS
EVENTS
GIRLS & FAMILIES
GIRLS & FAMILIES
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
OUTDOORS
OUTDOORS
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
GIVE
GIVE
My GS/VTK
My GS
ABOUT EVENTSGIRLS & FAMILIES VOLUNTEERS OUTDOORS COOKIES+GIVE My GS
Shop
Español
Forms
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the official website of Girl Scouts, San Diego-Imperial
Council, Inc. (henceforth “Girl Scouts San Diego”), a 501(c)(3)
non-profit organization headquartered in San Diego, California.
Girl Scouts San Diego is committed to protecting the privacy of our
visitors. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, and
use information you provide us online, as well as how we protect
children's privacy. By using the pages on this site, you are accepting
the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
If our policy practices change in the future, we will let you know
by posting the policy changes on our website. However, we will treat
all personal information we collect in accordance with the privacy
notice in effect at the time the information is collected. Girl Scouts
San Diego’s online properties comprise of, but are not limited to, all
pages found under www.sdgirlscouts.org.
Data Collection
Girl Scouts San Diego uses its best efforts to respect and protect
the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect
personally identifiable information from individuals unless they
provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not
require you to register or provide information to us in order to view
our site.
Personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, Zip/postal
codes, email addresses, etc., is gathered only when voluntarily
submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable
information is collected in order to process online transactions or
online donations. Girl Scouts San Diego partners with Girl Scouts of
the USA for online registration.
This information is used solely by Girl Scouts San Diego and Girl
Scouts of the USA or other entities who are involved in the operation
of this site for internal purposes. We do not sell information you
provide to us online to third parties. We will only share personally
identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person
submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the
information is a necessary operation of the site, for instance, to
process a credit card transaction, or (iii) we are required to by law.
Girl Scouts San Diego has no control over or responsibility for the
data collection and use practices of third parties that process online transactions.
Children's Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the
personal information of children under the age of 13. This applies to
individually identifiable information about a child that is collected
online, such as full name, home address, email address, telephone
number or any other information that would allow someone to identify
or contact the child. The Act and Rule also cover other types of
information – for example, hobbies, interests and information
collected through cookies or other types of tracking mechanisms – when
they are tied to individually identifiable information. It is
important for you to understand this law; we encourage you to read
more about COPPA.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
Girl Scouts San Diego is committed to providing a safe, secure, and
fun online experience for children who visit our site. We are
dedicated to safeguarding any personal information collected online
and to helping parents and children have positive experiences on the
Internet. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable
parental consent.
Parents can revoke their consent and ask that information or photos
about their children be deleted from the site by contacting our
offices by phone at (800) 643-4798 or via
email. To do this or
to review personal information collected from children, we must verify
the identity of the requesting parent. When a parent revokes consent,
we will stop collecting, using, or disclosing information and/or
photos of that child. To respect the privacy of parents, information
collected and used for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable
parental consent or providing notice is not maintained in retrievable
form by the site if parental consent is not obtained after a
reasonable time.
Girl Scouts believes it is good policy not to collect more
personally identifiable information from children under 13 than is
necessary for them to participate in our online activities. In
addition, be aware that all sites that are targeted to children under
13 are prohibited by law from collecting more information than they need.
Use of Cookies
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may
be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts San Diego website
through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files a website can
use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor's ongoing
access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage
behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content
improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor's
system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique
number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of
cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the
visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Girl Scouts San Diego
uses cookie technology only to obtain non-personal information from
its online visitors in order to improve visitors' online experience
and facilitate their visit within our site.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts San Diego. These websites have their own
privacy policies, which you should review prior to visiting them. We
have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links
solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
Our Security Safeguard
The safety and security of your online experience is of the utmost
concern to us. We ensure the appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures are in place to safeguard and help prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the
information we collect online.
Credit Card Safety
Protecting the safety of your credit card information is also
important to us. We use only Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard (PCI DSS) compliant third party payment processors for all
merchant transactions. All transactions processed by Girl Scouts San
Diego are transmitted and stored using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
technology to protect the security of your credit card information as
it is transmitted to us.
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit
personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of
your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending
upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security,
look at the URL or Address line of your browser. If you have accessed
a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line
should change from "http" to "https."
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to
your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished
using a shared computer.
If you are under 18, you need parent/guardian permission to use a
credit card to make purchases online.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact
us at:
Girl Scouts, San Diego-Imperial Council, Inc. 1231 Upas
Street San Diego, CA 92103 Phone: (800) 643-4798 or (619) 298-8391
Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. PST.
E-mail:
info@sdgirlscouts.org
You can e-mail us your question and we will get back to you as soon
as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us