http://www.centralvalleyratterrierclub.net/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Central Valley Ratterrier Club operates http://www.centralvalleyratterrierclub.net and may operate other websites. It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Central Valley Ratterrier Club collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Central Valley Ratterrier Club’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Central Valley Ratterrier Club’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Central Valley Ratterrier Club may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Central Valley Ratterrier Club also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on resolutiongeophysical.com blogs/sites. Central Valley Ratterrier Club only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Central Valley Ratterrier Club websites choose to interact with Central Valley Ratterrier Club in ways that require Central Valley Ratterrier Club to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Central Valley Ratterrier Club gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at resolutiongeophysical.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Central Valley Ratterrier Club are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Central Valley Ratterrier Club collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Central Valley Ratterrier Club. Central Valley Ratterrier Club does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Central Valley Ratterrier Club may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Central Valley Ratterrier Club may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Central Valley Ratterrier Club does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Central Valley Ratterrier Club discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Central Valley Ratterrier Club behalf or to provide services available at Central Valley Ratterrier Club websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Central Valley Ratterrier Club websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Central Valley Ratterrier Club will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Central Valley Ratterrier Club discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Central Valley Ratterrier Club believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Central Valley Ratterrier Club, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of Central Valley Ratterrier Club website and have supplied your email address, Central Valley Ratterrier Club may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Central Valley Ratterrier Club and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Central Valley Ratterrier Club takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Central Valley Ratterrier Club uses cookies to help Central Valley Ratterrier Club identify and track visitors, their usage of Central Valley Ratterrier Club website, and their website access preferences. Central Valley Ratterrier Club visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Central Valley Ratterrier Club websites, with the drawback that certain features of Central Valley Ratterrier Club websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Central Valley Ratterrier Club, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Central Valley Ratterrier Club goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Central Valley Ratterrier Club may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Central Valley Ratterrier Club and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Central Valley Ratterrier Club may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Central Valley Ratterrier Club sole discretion. Central Valley Ratterrier Club encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a resolutiongeophysical.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
How to Maintain the Cleanliness of Your Carpet
Why Do You Have to Hire a Limo for Airport Pick-up?
Tips on Cleaning and Maintaining your Kitchen and Bathroom Sink
Search for:
Recent Comments
Central Valley Rat Terrier ClubHow to Maintain the Cleanliness of Your Carpet April 12, 2018Maintain the cleanliness of your carpet is important. Since it’s installed on your floor to reduce noise and risk of slip and fall, you have to make sure that its quality is as good as new. Applying proper cleaning technique will make the carpet to last long. In this blog, we will show you how to […] secure_adminWhy Do You Have to Hire a Limo for Airport Pick-up?   October 19, 2017Hiring a limousine for airport drop and pick-up gives you the comfort you deserve. If you’re a businessman or a corporate traveller, time is important so a faster way to travel to a business conference is greatly appreciated. However, you shouldn’t worry too much because there are a lot of limousine services that will take you […] secure_adminTips on Cleaning and Maintaining your Kitchen and Bathroom Sink October 19, 2017Sinks are one of the most useful components of our home; this is where we perform most of our grooming and also some hygienic practices like washing our hands and brushing our teeth. Because of this fact, we need to always keep our sink clean, lest it becomes dirty and would not be suitable for its purpose. […] secure_admin Archives
April 2018
October 2017
Categories
Carpet
Limo
Maintaining your Kitchen
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress