https://www.shawfamilyvintners.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 3 December 2018
This Privacy Policy explains the Personal Information protection practices of Currency Wine Estates Pty Ltd (ABN 61 618 038 145) (Currency Wine Estates, we, us, our) and its related companies. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose and store Personal Information obtained through our website being www.shawfamilyvintners.com (the Website). In addition to our Privacy Policy, we are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and Notifiable Data Breaches Scheme set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act). Currency Wine Estates will only collect, use, disclose and store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Privacy Act and other relevant laws. Please do not provide us with your Personal Information if you are not of legal age to purchase alcohol in the jurisdiction where you live or if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. By using our Website, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website.
Australian Privacy Principles
A copy of the APP may be obtained from the website of The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.aoic.gov.au.
Definition of Personal Information
"Personal Information" means information whether or not an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about a person whose identity is apparent, or can be reasonably ascertained, from the information or opinion. Examples of Personal Information include but is not limited to your contact information, billing information, unique identifiers, demographic information and location information.
Collection of your Personal Information (1) From you
We may collect and process Personal Information relating to you by:
you providing it to us by filling in forms on our Website or by you contacting us;
you applying for a job with us;
our monitoring of the use of the Website;
you purchasing our products via our Website;
you transacting with us online, over the phone or in person;
you visiting and/or registering to use our Website;
you entering a promotion or competition conducted by us; or
you contacting us directly to obtain brand or company information.
(2) By using cookies and other technologies
In addition to the Personal Information you give us directly, we may use ‘cookies’ to collect data relating to your general Internet usage. This data may include IP-addresses, browser version, number of visits, search terms and similar data relating to your navigation of the Internet and our Website.
A 'cookie' is a small text file that is placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies help us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalised service, for instance by storing information about your preferences and allowing us to recognise you when you return to our Website. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many major websites use them.
We gather certain information about the users of our Website automatically and store it in log files. This information includes:
1. Internet Protocol (IP) addresses;
browser type;
Internet Service Provider (ISP);
referring/exit pages;
operating system;
date/time stamp; and
clickstream data.
The above information does not identify individual users. We use this information to identify usage trends, to administer the Website, to track users' movements around the Website and to gather demographic information about our users collectively.
However, please note that if you select such settings you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. We therefore strongly recommend that you leave
cookies fully functional.
How we use your Personal Information
We will only collect and hold your Personal Information for what is reasonably necessary for our business function and activities, such examples include, to:
administer our Website to allow you to purchase our products;
conduct advertising or marketing, including to provide you with direct marketing
communications;
send you requested updates and newsletters;
send you requested product or service information;
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
fulfil your order;
send you an order confirmation;
administer third party promotions;
respond to any comment or complaint you send us;
administer online promotions and marketing;
respond to your service requests, questions and concerns;
notify you about changes to our service;
conduct research and analysis;
manage the relationship between our suppliers and stakeholders;
comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
vertify that you are of legal drinking age in your jurisdiction; or
process information submitted with a job application.
You are not required to provide us with your Personal Information but if you choose not to, you may not be able to access certain areas of our Website such as the online store.
Our disclosure of your Personal Information
We will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties except:
with your consent;
where we are required or authorised by law to do so, for example to law enforcement
agencies;
to our related companies in order to operate our global business and in accordance with the
law; or
where third parties appointed by us require access to Personal Information held by us to
perform services. The types of third parties we may transfer information to include vendors, service providers, agencies and other partners who globally support our business and help us administer certain activities on our behalf.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third parties will deal with such Personal Information in a way that is consistent with the Australian Privacy Principles and other relevant laws.
If you prefer not to receive cookies you can adjust your Internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn
you when cookies are being used.
Your rights
We will not use your Personal Information to carry out electronic marketing unless we have your consent to do so. If you receive electronic communication from us, we will always provide you with an option to opt out or unsubscribe from such communication. You can do this by following the instructions in the communication (where this is an electronic message) or by contacting our Privacy Officer using the details set out below. Please note that if you opt in to receive communications from the named third parties, we will share your Personal Information with those third parties for the purposes to which you agreed.
You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and or correct such information. Please contact our Privacy Officer (see below) to submit your enquiries for access to, or correction or update of, the Personal Information we hold about you. We may deny your request in some circumstances, but if we do this we will tell you why. We will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee for providing a copy of your Personal Information. In order to protect your Personal Information we may require identification from you before releasing the requested Personal Information.
Accuracy and security
The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure so any transmission is therefore at your own risk. Once we have received your Personal Information, we will use strict security procedures and features to try to prevent unauthorised access. However, we cannot guarantee that any information you submit to us will be free from unauthorised third party intrusion.
In the event that we give you a password which enables you accces to certain parts of the Website, we note that you are responsible for keeping your password confidential.
Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, we accept no responsibility and/or liability for any such disclosures of your Personal Information.
Application of Privacy Policy
Our Website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of these websites may collect and process Personal Information from you in a way which is different to how we do so under this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for, or accept any liability in respect of, any content appearing on these websites or the use of any Personal Information provided to such websites.
Alternatively, there may be third party websites that contain links leading to our Website. We cannot control these links nor are we responsible for any content that appears on the websites that contain such links.
Where your Personal Information is stored
We may store your information in hardcopy and/or in electronic form on servers that are located within Australia. We take reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information we hold from misuse, interference and loss, and from any unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
When your Personal Information is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was obtained, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify your Personal Information.
European users
If you are an individual based in Europe, we will handle your data in accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time. We will indicate any changes by updating the date at the top of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Website will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Privacy Officer
You may contact our Privacy Officer by:
email at enquiry@sfv-wines.com.au;
phone at +61 8555 4215; or
postal address at 369 Myrtle Grove Road, Currency Creek, South Australia 5214.
Trade      |    Terms of Use     |    Privacy Policy    |   Shipping Details     |     Contact Us