http://www.tropica.com/en/contact/privacy-policy/
EN
DE
FR
DA
Plants
Plant Care
Inspiration
Guide
Find dealers
Articles
Contact
Become dealer
Dealer login
Menu
Plants
Plant Care
Inspiration
Guide
Find dealers
Articles
Contact
Become dealer
Dealer login
ContactCopyrightPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy of Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S
In the Privacy Policy of Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S you will find information on which personal data we collect about you, why we collect personal data and what we as data controller use the collected personal data for.
1. Generally
1.1. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data you provide to us and/or we collect about you when you are a customer or supplier of Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S.
It also applies to the personal data you provide to us and/or we collect about you when you visit our website, social media, mobile applications, programmes, services and tools, regardless of how you access or use them, including via mobile devices.
2. Data controller
2.1. Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S is the data controller of the personal data being processed about you. The company information of Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S is as follows:
Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S
Mejlbyvej 2008250 EgåDenmarkCompany reg. (CVR) no. 87371417
Email: tropica@tropica.com
Tel.: +45 8622 0566
2.2. When processing personal data, we will comply with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation or the "GDPR"), as well as with the Danish data protection rules in force from time to time.
3. Processing of personal data
3.1. If you are a customer, including if you have access to a distributor login on our website, tropica.com, or if you contact us, we will process your general personal data in order to process your query and, if relevant, enter into and perform our obligations under an agreement with you.
Depending on the circumstances, we may process your ID, contact and professional details, including your name, email address, telephone number, photo, position or title, information about our business relationship and language preference. In addition, we may process data about financial matters such as currency preference, prior purchases, payment history, payment details as well as credit rating. If you have access to our distributor login, we will also process account details, including access information.
If necessary in order for us to perform our obligations under the agreement with you, we will process supplementary data obtained from third parties.
The legal basis for processing is article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
We will not process any sensitive personal data or other categories of personal data about you.
3.2. If you are a supplier, we will process your general personal data in order to enter into and perform our obligations under an agreement with you.
Depending on the circumstances, we may process your ID, contact and professional details, including your name, email address, telephone number, photo, position or title, information about our business relationship and language preference. In addition, we will process information about financial matters, including currency preference and payment details.
If necessary in order for us to perform our obligations under the agreement with you, we will process supplementary personal data obtained from third parties.
The legal basis for processing is article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
We will not process any sensitive personal data or other categories of personal data about you.
3.3. When you visit our website, we will process different personal data about you such as your IP address, language preference, currency preference and location for the purpose of optimising the website user experience. For more details about our use of cookies on our website, see our cookie policy here.
The legal basis for processing is the legitimate interests principle of article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR as we have a legitimate interest in preparing website usage statistics in order for us to improve the website and user experience. Moreover, we will process your personal data on the basis of article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR on consent. You are entitled to withdraw consent at any time.
3.4. If you subscribe to our email newsletter, we will process your ID, contact and professional details, including your name, email address, telephone number, position or title, information about our business relationship and language preference.
The legal basis for processing is article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR on consent. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the link at the bottom of the newsletter or by writing us.
3.5. In some cases, we will use your personal data to send out customer surveys by email.
The legal basis for processing is the legitimate interests principle of article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR as we have a legitimate interest in improving our products and services. You are always entitled to unsubscribe by clicking on the link at the bottom of the email or by writing us.
3.6. If you participate in a course or event held by us, we will process your ID, contact and professional details, including your name, email address, telephone number, position or title, information about our business relationship and language preference in order to perform our obligations under the agreement with you concerning your participation in the course or event in question and for the purposes of our legitimate interest in course or event administration and organisation.
The legal basis for processing is article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR and the legitimate interests principle of article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
3.7. When you visit our social media profiles, we will process the personal data on your profile and the personal data you share with us. When you contact us via the social media, we will process the personal data involved in our communication with you.
The legal basis for processing is the legitimate interests principle of article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR as we have a legitimate interest in gaining knowledge about visitors on our social media pages and in responding to people who contact us via the social media.
In general, reference is made to the social media privacy policies where further information on how they process your personal data is available.
3.8. When you use our apps, we will process personal data about crash reports and the number of active installations.
The legal basis for processing is the legitimate interests principle of article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR as we have a legitimate interest in knowing whether our apps work and the number of active users of our apps.
3.9. If we want to process your personal data for purposes other than those they were collected for, we will inform you in advance and, where necessary, request your consent. However, we will always obtain your consent to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
4. Sharing your personal data
4.1. Where necessary, reasonable and relevant, we will share your personal data with group companies, suppliers and partners assisting us in our business and, thus, the service we provide to you. This means, by way of example, that we may share your data with our service providers, technical support and bankers. If the recipient is a data processor, the personal data will be processed only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
4.2. We may also share your personal data with other third parties if we are ordered to do so or if such sharing takes place in the course of the service we provide to you. By way of example, we may share such data with the Danish Tax Agency and other public authorities.
5. Data transfers to non-EU/EEA countries
5.1 In some cases, we will transfer your personal data to non-EU/EEA countries. We will do so when we use data processors in non-EU/EEA countries. Such transfers will take place in compliance with the GDPR, including through the use of the European Commission's standard contractual clauses.
6. Protecting your personal data
6.1. Your personal data will be kept in a safe place and protected by appropriate technical and organisational security measures.
We will keep your personal data on restricted access computers which are placed in controlled facilities, and our security measures are regularly checked to ensure that personal data are safe and your rights as a user are safeguarded. However, we are unable to guarantee 100% security for data transfers via the internet. This means that there may be a (limited) risk of unauthorised access to data during transmission and in electronic storage.
6.2. We will keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the personal data are processed. As a general rule, if you are a customer or supplier, we will erase your personal data no later than five years after the expiry of the financial year in which the customer/supplier relationship ended, unless we have a legitimate interest in keeping them longer, including in order to establish a legal claim, or are required or entitled under special rules to keep them longer.
7. Your rights
7.1. You have the following rights concerning our processing of your personal data:
You have the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of the personal data we process about you. If so requested by you, we will erase the personal data without undue delay, unless we are allowed to continue processing on another legal basis.
You also have the right to object to our processing and to restrict the processing of your personal data. If you object to processing or if you wish to restrict processing, this may affect our possibility of dealing with any queries received from you and entering into and performing our obligations under an agreement with you.
In particular, you have an unconditional right to object to our use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
If your personal data are processed based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. If you decide to withdraw consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before you withdrew consent.
You have the right to receive in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format the personal data which you yourself have provided to us (data portability).
Please note that these rights may be subject to conditions or restrictions laid down by law.
7.2. If you have any questions to our Privacy Policy or our data processing or if you want to exercise one or more of your rights as described above, please contact Tropica Aquarium Plants A/S at tropica@tropica.com or tel. +45 8622 0566.
If you contact us, please make sure that you provide us with sufficient information, including your name and email address, to enable us to identify you and respond. We will respond as soon as possible.
7.3. You may lodge a complaint about our data processing with the Danish Data Protection Agency. The Agency's contact details are available at www.datatilsynet.dk.
8. Changes to the Privacy Policy
8.1. We reserve the right to update and change this Policy as and when needed.
9. Latest version:
9.1. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 07-12-2020
Tropica Aquarium PlantsMejlbyvej 2008250 EgåTlf.
+45 86 22 05 66Fax +45 86 22 84 66tropica@tropica.dkCookie PolicyBecome dealerFill the contact
form
Find dealer
Tropica on facebook
Tropica on YouTube