https://www.mikeshard.com/privacy
site-validate
We're happy you're here!
21+
Not 21+
Sorry, must be 21+ to enter.
Mike’s is hard. So is Prison. Don’t Drive Drunk®
Premium Malt Beverage
All Registered Trademarks, used under license by Mike's Hard Lemonade Co., Chicago, IL 60661
Eng | Esp
Privacy Policy
Updated: February 2020
Your privacy is important, so we created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to help you understand how we collect, store, use, or disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies both offline (for example, if we interact with you in person, over the phone, or by mail) and when we interact with you through our online services, including but not limited to our websites, chatbot, email correspondence, and any other online services that we link to this Privacy Policy.
This website is operated by Mark Anthony Brands, Inc. (“Mark Anthony”). In fact, we operate a number of similar websites:
Mike’s Hard: https://www.mikeshard.com/
White Claw: https://www.whiteclaw.com/
Mike’s Harder: https://www.mikesharder.com/
MXD Cocktail Co.: https://www.mxdcocktails.com/
Palm Breeze: https://www.drinkpalmbreeze.com/
This Privacy Policy applies to all of these websites, so it is possible that some of the features that we describe here are not available on the website that you are currently navigating. We may have to change this Privacy Policy to reflect new regulations, new technologies or changes to how we collect, use or disclose your personal information. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time at our sole discretion. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page.
By using our online services, you confirm that you have read and agreed to our Terms of Use and accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the website, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, you must end your use of the website and its available services. Any changes will become effective as soon as they are posted to our website.
What do we mean by personal information?
Personal information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been de-identified so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
Your name, e-mail address, and IP address are all examples of data that may be personal information. Since your IP address can help us identify you, we treat “cookies” as personal information. Please see our “Cookie Policy“
below to reviewed detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technology.
What personal information do we collect about you?
We collect and store personal information directly from you when you interact with us in person or via social media, or when you submit it to us online on our websites, by phone, by email, or through our Facebook chatbots, including when you place orders on or through our websites. Categories of personal information that we collect about you when you interact with us online or offline may include the following:
Identification data, including name, address, birthday and gender;
Contact information, including e-mail address, phone number, and mailing address;
Age data, as we need to know if you are over the legal age so that we can sell you our products;
Information you provide to create an account, including password and username;
Information you provide when you speak to us over the phone, such as inquiries about product preferences or other personal information you choose to communicate to us;
Location data, for example, you can enter your zip code to know where to find your favorite products near you;
Membership data, such as contact preferences;
Financial data, such as credit card numbers, billing addresses, contact details of your accounting department, and other financial information required to allow you to acquire our products;
Order information related to products you have purchased through our websites;
Preference data, such as the flavors that you prefer and products you have purchased;
Information you share with us in connection with surveys, contests, or sweepstakes and promotions (including text-to-win contests) (collectively, “contests and promotions”);
Information you submit to us directly via email or other communication methods including, but not limited to, general inquiries, media inquiries, and customer support.
We may also collect your personal information from other sources, such as our partners and affiliates, and through automatic collection through our websites and emails.
Internet activity and other electronic data, such as your IP address, device ID, and personal information collected from cookies and similar technology when you open our emails and visit our website (for more information about cookies, how we use them, and your related choices, please see our “Cookie Policy“ below);
Information we get from our partners or affiliates to support our marketing initiatives, administer our contests and promotions, improve our website functionality and services, and monitor, manage, and measure our advertising campaigns;
Other data, such as the conversation you may have with our Facebook chatbot on mikeshard.com – Click “here“ to learn more about your privacy when interacting with this chatbot.
If you apply to a job on our website, you will be required to create an applicant account, which involves electronic credentials (e-mail and password). As part of the recruitment process, we will collect information, such as your work experience, your identification data, your resume, and any documents that you upload, including cover letters, licenses, and certifications. We also offer you the opportunity to select applicable skills, describe your work behavior, and provide information about your motivation. Our applicant tracking system (ATS) allows you to include links, such as links to your LinkedIn profile, in which case, we may consider and collect information from these linked sources. We may also consider other public information about your career in our quest for talents.
How do we use your personal information?
We use the above categories of personal information to support our typical business activities (including compliance with legal obligations, security, and anti-fraud purposes), and to provide services to our customers, such as to:
Respond to your requests, for instance, if you use the form “Contact Us” on our website;
Offer you a tailored version of the website;
Manage and administer our website;
Improve our products or services;
Notify you about changes to our legal terms or business practices;
Get in touch with you after you submit an inquiry;
Evaluate your resume and process your job application, if you applied through our Careers page;
Process your orders and deliver our products to you, where applicable. For instance, we may sell you merchandise with our logos through a e-commerce platform;
If you join our mailing list, we will send you promotional information on our products. To unsubscribe from our mailing list, please follow the instructions provided “here“;
Display advertisements related to products we think may interest you on our websites, on other websites that work with our advertising partners, and on social media platforms;
Invite you to participate in surveys on your satisfaction with our products;
Administer, maintain, and communicate with you about contests and promotions in which you have chosen to participate;
If you are navigating our website, you may interact with our Facebook chatbot through messenger, in which case, this bot will answer your questions based on the information that it collects about you. Click “here“ to access the part of this Privacy Policy that explains everything about our chatbot.
How can I opt-out of receiving marketing e-mails?
We may communicate with you through e-mail for marketing and promotional purposes. When you receive such communications, you can always unsubscribe using the link in the e-mail. Alternatively, you can reach out directly to us using the appropriate brand email address listed below and we will help you out:
mike’s® Hard Lemonade: customersupport@mikeshard.com
White Claw® Hard Seltzer: customersupport@whiteclaw.com
mike’s HARDER® Lemonade: customersupport@mikesharder.com
MXD® Cocktail Co.: customersupport@mxdcocktails.com
Palm Breeze: customersupport@drinkpalmbreeze.com
How do you protect my personal information?
We strive to implement reasonable measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access or use. For example, the password you provide when registering on our website is encrypted to ensure protection against unauthorized access to your personal information. We also use PCI DSS compliant third parties when processing your credit card information. However, we cannot guarantee with 100 percent certainty that your personal information will be secure from theft, loss, alteration, misuse, or unauthorized access, nor do we make any representation as to the reasonableness, efficacy, or appropriateness of the measures we use to safeguard such information. We are not responsible for any attempt made by a third party to circumvent our privacy and security protocols. While you are responsible for maintaining your own passwords, please immediately contact customersupport@mikeshard.com or the appropriate brand support contact listed above in the event that you feel the security of your account has been compromised.
Who will access my personal information in your organization?
We only allow our employees to use your personal information on a need to know basis. Our employees handling personal information are subject to confidentiality agreements.
Do we share your personal information with third parties?
We may share the categories of personal information described above with service providers that we partner with to assist us in various functions, including providing technological support and performing security and anti-fraud services, providing you with our services and products (including helping us to administer contests and promotions), providing you with communications and marketing information on our behalf.
These service providers can be classified in the following categories:
Delivery partners, to deliver our products to the right location;
Financial partner, involved in the processing of your banking data on our website.
Marketing partners, which we use to send you promotional communications if you consent, for instance;
Promotional vendors, who help us to administer contests and promotions, including by maintaining separate contest and promotion microsites;
IT service providers, such as our data hosting provider;
Other service providers that we may engage to provide services to us or on our behalf
We may have to share your personal information if necessary in our judgment to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a subpoena, warrant, or legal order, or to protect our rights or the rights of others. When we receive such requests, we do all necessary verifications to ensure that they are lawful. We reserve the right to transfer your personal information to a successor entity (or potential buyer) if we sell or transfer our business operation. We reserve the same right in case of merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets.
In addition, in the event we become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our liquidator, administrator, receiver, or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the court.
This website may include links to third parties, including social media. If you click on these links, you are leaving our website and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to these third parties’ privacy practices, terms of use, and other contractual documentation listed on such websites.
What happens when I interact with your chatbot through Messenger?
Some of our websites allow you to interact with us through Facebook Messenger. Once you are logged-in your Facebook messenger account, you can interact with us through a chatbot. Our chatbot works with artificial intelligence, which means it is not operated by a human. It responds to you based on previous interactions and programmed algorithms.
When you interact with the chatbot, it can collect your information, including your gender, location, the language you use, your IP address or a unique identifier from your device, as well as how you feel about our products or your interests, depending on the conversation you are having with this chatbot.
If you subscribe to promotional messages through the chatbot, you will be prompted to share your name, birthdate and postal code. This is used to personalize the chatbot messages, such as to identify events in your area.
This chatbot is operated by Amplifi.Ai (Truverse, Inc.). You can access their privacy policy by clicking here. Amplifi.Ai does not retain your conversation for their own uses, but with your permission it may retain the identifying information described above in order to show you relevant content in the future. As with other interactions on Facebook, you are also subject to Facebook’s privacy policy when using messenger. You can read it by clicking here. We have access to the information which you allow Facebook to share with us. We can delete the chat logs within Facebook at your request if you send us an e-mail at customersupport@mikeshard.com.
Where will my personal information be stored?
When we share your personal information with our trusted partners, they may store some of your personal information in their databases in the United States, or elsewhere in the world.
If you are accessing this website from jurisdictions outside the United States, please be advised that you may transferring your personal information to us in the United States where data protection and privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws of your country.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
How long do we keep your personal information?
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you the website’s services, for our valid business purposes, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, defend our legal rights, and enforce our agreements.
California Privacy Notice and Rights
We do not share personal information (as defined by California Civil Code §1798.83) with other people or non-affiliated businesses for their direct marketing purposes. Our websites do not respond to browser do-not-track signals.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California consumers have the right to request:
the deletion of the personal information we have about them
additional information about whether and how we have collected, used, disclosed, and sold personal information about them
the specific pieces of personal information we have about them
California consumers also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if they exercise the rights list above.
When you make a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify the request and your jurisdiction before responding to it. The verification steps we take may differ depending on the request you make. We will match the information that you provide in your request to information we already have on file to verify your identity. If we are able to verify your request, we will process it. If we cannot verify your request, we may ask you for additional information to help us verify your request.
Consumers will be required to submit their first and last name and email address and may also be asked to provide their telephone number or address so that we can verify the request. Please provide as much of the requested information as possible to help us verify the request. We will only use the information received in a request for the purposes of responding to the request.
California law permits California consumers to use an authorized agent to make privacy rights requests. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California consumer’s written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the California consumer. An authorized agent must follow the process described below to make a request. The authorized agent must also verify his/her own identity. We will confirm the agent’s authority with the California consumer about whom the request was made.
You may submit a privacy rights request to us by emailing us at one of the following email addresses:
mike’s® Hard Lemonade: customersupport@mikeshard.com
White Claw® Hard Seltzer: customersupport@whiteclaw.com
mike’s HARDER® Lemonade: customersupport@mikesharder.com
MXD® Cocktail Co.: customersupport@mxdcocktails.com
Palm Breeze: customersupport@drinkpalmbreeze.com
We are not currently selling your personal information and have not sold your personal information since January 1, 2020, the date the California Consumer Privacy Act went into effect.
Nevada Privacy Rights
Nevada residents have the right to submit a verified request directing us not to sell their personal information. If you are a Nevada resident, and would like to submit such a request, please send your request to the appropriate brand team email listed above.
Updating Your Information
To keep your personal information current and accurate, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct personal information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this website.
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers or small data text files that are sent from a server during a browsing session. It is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. When we refer to “cookies” we include other technologies with similar purposes, such as tags and identifiers. Find out more about the use of cookies on http://www.cookiecentral.com/.
Why do we use Cookies?
To improve your experience when navigating our website;
To remember some of your preferences, or save some your credentials for your next visit;
To perform analytics and understand the pages and advertisements that you like, how you ended up on our website and from what type of devices;
To do re-targeting and ensure that you are presented with relevant ads about our products. For instance, “t1” is a cookie that our domain installs for 3 months on your device so that we can collect information on your browsing behavior on different sites, and then tailor our advertising to you. This cookie is a first party cookie, this means that it’s our cookie – and it does not belong to a third party, like Facebook. However, some of our websites do allow third parties to install re-targeting cookie, which allow us to provide some relevant advertising to you on their website.
If you subscribe to our mailing list, we can use cookies to know if you opened your e-mail and if so, from what device. If you click on an offer that we sent you by e-mail, you will be redirected to our website and we will know that you visited our website through this communication. This will help us understand which promotions work better than others for you and allow us to send you more personalized offers.
What type of Cookies do we use?
When you browse our website, different types of cookies are set on your hard disk or your device’s storage space. Cookies can be installed by us or can be installed by third-parties.
First Party Cookies – First party cookies are those that are issued by our website domain, and they can only be set or retrieved by us. They are used for purposes specific to us, such as to personalize the website.
Third Party Cookies – Third party cookies are usually placed on the website via scripts or tags added to a web page. Sometimes, these scripts will also bring additional functionality to the site.
We use different categories of cookies, which we classified using the standard from the International Chamber of Commerce:
Strictly Necessary – These cookies are essential to enable you to navigate our website and use its features, such as accessing the Order Desk. For instance, we use a cookie titled AWSELB to distribute traffic to the website on several serves in order to optimize response times.
Performance Cookies – Performance cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, such as the pages that visitors go most often, and whether they get an error messages from our web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that allow us to specifically identify you; it only provides aggregated information about our visitors. Most performance cookies are persistent. For example, we use a cookie called _ga which allows Google Analytics to generate aggregated statistical data on how a visitor uses our website.
Functionality Cookies – These cookies are used to allow certain functionality. For instance, Twitter uses a cookie called lang on some of our websites, which is a session cookie, used to remember your selected language version of the website. Functionality cookies are necessary for e-commerce platform to offer you shopping carts.
Targeting Cookies – These cookies are used to deliver advertising more relevant to you and your interests, including by leverage social media such as Facebook. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of a campaign. These cookies can remember that you visited a website and share this information with third parties for re-targeting purposes.
How long do cookies stay installed on my device?
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies – Those are files set temporarily on your device and deleted once you close your browser. They are not stored nor transmitted to third parties. We use this type of cookies to ensure you have a user-friendly experience. As an example, we use a cookie called JSESSIONID, which allows us to preserve users states across page requests. Most of our cookies are session cookies.
Persistent cookies – Those remain active on your device for some time, which may vary from a few days to two years after your visit on our website. As an example, we use a cookie call _cfduid, which remains for a year on your device, and is used by our content network, Cloudfare, to identify trusted web traffic.
Session cookies – Those are files set temporarily on your device and deleted once you close your browser. They are not stored nor transmitted to third parties. We use this type of cookies to ensure you have a user-friendly As an example, we use a cookie called JSESSIONID, which allows us to preserve users states across page requests. Most of our cookies are session cookies.
Persistent cookies – Those remain active on your device for some time, which may vary from a few days to two years after your visit on our website. As an example, we use a cookie call _cfduid, which remains for a year on your device, and is used by our content network, Cloudfare, to identify trusted web traffic.
Can third parties have access to my cookies?
Let’s be clear… We do not sell your personal information to anyone.
We may display interest-based ads to you when you are using Facebook through a tool offered by Facebook called the Custom Audience Tool. This tool allows us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us. We do not share your shopping history with Facebook. The tool lets us convert your email address that you have provided to us to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers Facebook generates from email addresses of its users.
With your permission, we can also use Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel to record how efficient our advertisements are for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remains anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal information of individual users. Facebook may connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with its current privacy policy, which you can find here.
How can I manage my online preferences?
Browsers and devices have tools that allow you to control cookies; you can block them, ensure that you are notified when you are subject to cookies and control the cookies already stored on your device. Adjustments to your preferences can be made in your browser settings.
However, if you block all of the cookies, you may not be able to access all our functionalities, like the Order Desk.
If you want to opt-out from Facebook Custom Audience Tool and Conversion Tracking Pixels, you can do so by clicking here. If you opt out, we will remove you from all our custom audiences.
Who may use this website?
The website is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, persons under the age of 21.
We do not knowingly collect or store personal information from anyone under the age of 21. ANY PERSON WHO VISITS ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITE REPRESENTS TO US THAT HE OR SHE IS 21 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND MUST IMMEDIATELY LEAVE THE WEBSITE IF UNDER THE AGE OF 21.
How do we protect children’s privacy online?
Although we do not knowingly collect or store personal information from children, in the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please notify us using the below contact information.
How can I reach you if I have more questions, concerns or any inquiries?
You can always reach out to us by one of the following email addresses:
mike’s® Hard Lemonade: customersupport@mikeshard.com
White Claw® Hard Seltzer: customersupport@whiteclaw.com
mike’s HARDER® Lemonade: customersupport@mikesharder.com
MXD® Cocktail Co.: customersupport@mxdcocktails.com
Palm Breeze: customersupport@drinkpalmbreeze.com
Our privacy officer will get back to you as soon as possible.