https://www.sos4net.com/privacy-policy/
SOS4Net Inc.Helpful Hints & Other Info
If you need website design, development, maintenance, a domain name, web or email hosting, or computer repair
and clean up, call 303-796-3000 or email info@sos4net.com today for your FREE consultation!
Privacy Statement
SOS4Net Inc. (SOS4Net) values the trust its customers place in the company. Accordingly, SOS4Net adheres to the highest ethical standards in gathering, using and safeguarding customer information that is entrusted to the company.
Use and Collection of Customer Information
SOS4Net does not rent, sell or exchange information about its customers. Access to information about SOS4Net customers is restricted to SOS4Net. Third parties that need access to SOS4Net customer information in order to provide operational or other support services to SOS4Net must agree to safeguard customer information in strict compliance with SOS4Net policy.
SOS4Net gathers only the customer information that is needed to administer its business, provide superior service and communicate offers on merchandise and services that SOS4Net believes will be of interest to its customers.
SOS4Net limits access to customer information to those employees who need it to carry out their business functions. SOS4Net educates its employees about SOS4Net policies and practices in regard to safeguarding customer information, preventing its unauthorized access, use or disclosure, and ensuring its proper handling.
Accuracy and Security of Customer Information
SOS4Net makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that the customer information it maintains is accurate, timely and secure.
SOS4Net will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological developments that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of customer information.
SOS4Net enforces its policies in regard to gathering, access and use of personal customer information by its employees and authorized third parties.
Personally Identifiable Information
The SOS4Net website collects personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from website visitors only when visitors voluntarily provide such information to SOS4Net. SOS4Net website visitors who do not want their personally identifiable information collected online are asked not to submit such information to SOS4Net.
SOS4Net website visitors are informed that when they provide SOS4Net with personally identifiable information online, that information is kept within SOS4Net. Visitors are further informed that, unless specifically stated otherwise, the personally identifiable information may be stored and used by SOS4Net to better understand its customers’ needs, to improve SOS4Net products and services, and to contact customers regarding offers that may be of interest to them.
If SOS4Net website visitors previously provided their e-mail addresses to SOS4Net and would like to have their e-mail addresses removed from SOS4Net e-mail mailing lists, SOS4Net asks them to send an e-mail message to privacy@sos4net.com. SOS4Net informs such visitors that it will use reasonable efforts to delete their e-mail addresses from its existing files.
Children
SOS4Net has no intention of collecting personally identifiable information (name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from children (individuals under the age of 13) online and using that information for marketing purposes. Where appropriate, SOS4Net will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on the SOS4Net website.
If a child has provided SOS4Net with an e-mail address, SOS4Net asks that a parent or guardian of the child contact SOS4Net at privacy@DOMAIN.com if they would like the e-mail address deleted from SOS4Net e-mail mailing lists. SOS4Net informs customers that it will use reasonable efforts to delete such e-mail addresses from its existing files.
Personally Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
The SOS4Net website may collect information from website visitors that is not personally-identifiable, including the visitor’s operating system, browser, domain name, and the specific web pages on the SOS4Net website that are accessed or visited. SOS4Net only collects this information in the aggregate, and only uses it to improve the SOS4Net website.
Information Placed Automatically on Visitors’ Computers
SOS4Net informs website visitors that when they visit SOS4Net websites, SOS4Net may store some information on the visitor’s computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. These files allow SOS4Net to tailor the website to reflect a customer’s listed or historical preferences. Most Web browsers allow Web users to exercise control over such files on their computers by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying the user when such a file is stored. SOS4Net website visitors are asked to refer to their browser’s instructions to learn about those functions.
MAIN PAGESWeb Design & Development
Web Design Process
Web Design Clients
Hosting & Domain Names
Local Search Management
Computer Repair & Cleanup
Home
HELPFUL TIPSEmail Tips & Info
Email Max Message Size
Antivirus / Antimalware Tools
Helpful Windows Information
Find Your IP Address
OUR COMPANYMake a Payment
Late Fee Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
SOS4Net, Inc. 6824 S Dexter St
Centennial, CO. 80122
303-796-3000
Phone
303-796-3001
Fax
Email:
info@sos4net.com
Scroll to top