http://www.the-joke-box.com/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
The Joke Box
Home
Contact
Privacy
Links
Funny Signs
Funny Jokes
Friday Funnies
Privacy Statement
No information is sold or released to anyone about visitors to The Joke
Box without prior consent or a court order. In other words, no
information is released to anyone unless you give permission first.
The Joke Box does not attempt to collect personal information from
children. Note that The Joke Box cannot always determine that a user is a
child. The Joke Box does not maintain databases of children or adults.
When visiting any Internet site, your unique address called an "IP
address" is recorded. The Joke Box does not release any information
about the collection of this address to any third party except under court order.
The Joke Box archives the log files in order to create aggregate statistical
reports, detect errors at the web site, and for security reasons. The log
files are eventually deleted.
IP reports for advertisement clicks are shared with the advertiser. However,
they usually have this information already since it is captured by their
server when you view/click an ad. This is done to verify billing for the
ads. No additional information associated with any specific user is provided
to the advertisers.
Overview
Your privacy is important to us. The Joke Box service is free for all to
use, and prior registration is not needed for use of The Joke Box
The Joke Box will explicitly ask when it needs information that personally
identifies you. All the personally identifiable information we collect are
only gathered with your voluntary act. The Joke Box keeps all the personal
information private and does not, and will not, share it with any third
parties except under these circumstances.
When such action is necessary to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process
When such action is necessary to protect and defend rights or property of The Joke Box
When such action is necessary to enforce The Joke Box terms of service
The Joke Box uses cookies as part of tracking process for advertisement
banners so you do not see the same ad repeatedly, but cookies will not be
used to personally identify you without your prior consent.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous
information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and
date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to
this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or
third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this
behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you
can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
If any of the section of The Joke Box include your work or you own it,
then contact The Joke Box and an action will be taken right away from there.