http://www.coastlinetravel.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
714.621.1040
- Email Us
Refine Your Search
Travel TypesLanguages Spoken
THIS PRIVACY POLICY WAS LAST UPDATED ON May 26, 2018 Our Privacy Policy: Welcome https://coastlinetravel.com to , a website (the Site) of Coastline Travel Advisors , we, us and/or our. This Site is operated by Coastline Travel Advisors and has been created to provide information about our company, our products and related services (together with the Site, the Services) to our Service visitors (you, your). This Privacy Policy sets forth Coastline Travel Advisors's policy with respect to information including personally identifiable data (Personal Data) and other information that is collected from visitors to the Site and Services. Scope of Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain through your use of https://coastlinetravel.com services via a Device or when you otherwise interact with Coastline Travel Advisors. https://coastlinetravel.com services include our:
Websites (https://coastlinetravel.com and subdomains *.https://coastlinetravel.com), Products (Itineraries, tours, & travel planning services).
but does not include:
Products or services for which a separate privacy policy is provided. Third Party Products. These are third-party products or services that you may choose to integrate with Coastline Travel Advisors, such as third-party Plugins available in theCoastline Travel Advisors Dashboard. You should always review the policies of third party products and services to make sure you are comfortable with the ways in which they collect and use your information.
Information We Collect: When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below: Personal Data That You Provide Through the Services: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Wherever Coastline Travel Advisors collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Coastline Travel Advisors and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States. Other Information: Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Coastline Travel Advisors through the Services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Coastline Travel Advisors may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Coastline Travel Advisors affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process. Cookies In operating the Services, we may use a technology called cookies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Services and help us analyze Services usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Services without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a help section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off.Coastline Travel Advisors visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using https://coastlinetravel.com’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of https://coastlinetravel.com’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Service features. Advertising: As you browse https://coastlinetravel.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising service providers, Google, Facebook & Twitter then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with https://coastlinetravel.com. You can visit the following page to opt out of Google targeted advertising, Twitter here and Facebook's here. Aggregated Statistics https://coastlinetravel.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, https://coastlinetravel.com may reveal how many downloads a particular itinerary received, or say which pages are most popular based on our analytics. Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Coastline Travel Advisors often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, andCoastline Travel Advisors may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Coastline Travel Advisors may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information: Coastline Travel Advisors uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Coastline Travel Advisors and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the Related Companies) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Services to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our users and to improve the Services. Coastline Travel Advisors and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to opt-out of receiving future marketing communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below. If Coastline Travel Advisors intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information: Coastline Travel Advisors is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below: Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. Related Companies:We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Agents, Consultants, and Related Third Parties: Coastline Travel Advisors, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. Legal Requirements: Coastline Travel Advisors may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Coastline Travel Advisors, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. Your Choices: You can visit https://coastlinetravel.com without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain Services. You may opt out at the bottom of this page. Exclusions: This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Coastline Travel Advisors other than Personal Data collected through the Services. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Coastline Travel Advisors through the Services or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Services, such as forums, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, Unsolicited Information). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Coastline Travel Advisors shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. Children: Coastline Travel Advisors does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Coastline Travel Advisors through the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases. Links to Other Web Sites: This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Republic (the Third Party Sites). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that Coastline Travel Advisors endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies. Integrating Third Party Services: One of the special features of the Service is that it allows you to enable or log in to the Services via various third party services like Facebook or Twitter (Third Party Service(s)). By directly integrating these services, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized. To take advantage of this feature, we will ask you to log into or grant us permission via the relevant Third Party Service. When you add a Third Party Services account to the Service or log into the Service using your Third Party Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable the Service to access that Third Party Service and your data contained within that Third Party Service. As part of such integration, the Third Party Service will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to the Third Party Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, please remember that the manner in which Third Party Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such third parties, and Coastline Travel Advisors shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Third Party Services that may be enabled within the Service.You may also have the option of posting your Services activities to Third Party Services when you access content through the Services (for example, you may post to Twitter that you performed an activity on the Service); you acknowledge that if you choose to use this feature, your friends, followers and subscribers on any Third Party Services you have enabled will be able to view such activity. Security: Coastline Travel Advisors takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Coastline Travel Advisors via the Internet. Changes to this Privacy Policy: The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Coastline Travel Advisors to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Coastline Travel Advisors reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. Access to Information; Contacting Coastline Travel Advisors: To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update, remove or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services. Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Atlas Republic's Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services.You may contact us here. Opt-Out
Scroll To Top
This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in our privacy policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to our privacy policy. Find out more.Okay, thanks