https://www.cruiseeverything.com/privacy/
Home
About
Resources
COVID-19 Test Kits
Get a Quote!
Contact
(800) 959-SHIP
(239) 275-1717
(800) 959-SHIP
(239) 275-1717
Toggle navigation
Cruises
Cruise Search
Advanced Search
Signature Collection
Destination Search
Alaska Cruises/Cruise Tours
Cruise Lines
Embarkation Ports
Weddingsa At Sea
Book Shore Excursions
Cruiseline Check-In
Vacations
Vacation Search
Advanced Search
Search by Destination
Hawaii Vacations
Mexico Vacations
Vacation Suppliers
Book Land Tours
Hotels
Signature Hotels & Resorts
Hotels Specials
Groups
View Our Groups
Develop A Group
Why Group Travel
Specialty
Adventure Travel
Celebrations
Signature Culinary Travel
Family Vacation Travel
Luxury Travel
Discover River Cruising
Search World Destinations
Specials
Hot Cruise Deals
Hot Vacation Deals
Resources
Travel Tools & Resources
Terms & Conditions Agreement
Trip Protection Insurance
Pocket Travel Consultant
Travel Magazines
Book Shore Excursions
Cruiseline Check-In
Book Land Tours
COVID-19 Test Kits
Privacy Statement
Cruise Everything understands the privacy concerns of today s Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.
Cruise Everything will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of Cruise Everything.
Cruise Everything does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to Contact our Customer Service Department.
Enter Sweepstakes!
Sign Up!
Receive special offers and discounts via email.
Subscribe Now!
Protect Your Travel Investment
We recommend optional travel insurance that protects you in the event of having to cancel your trip avoiding travel vendor cancellation policies and more!
Get Travel Insurance
Shore Excrusions
Experience the world like never before. Over 4,500 top rated excursions.
Book Shore Excursions
Cruise Check-In
Ready to set sail? Find your cruise line and get started.
Check-In Now!
Travel Magazines
Ready to set sail? Find your cruise line and get started.
View Travel Magazines
COVID-19 Test Kits for Travelers
Get tests delivered to you in the comfort of your own home and receive the results within 24-36 hours.
Learn More +