http://www.divemagazine.co.uk/privacy
MenuHomeEcoGuidesMexicoPhilippinesEgyptSabahSouth AfricaAqabaBahamasSt HelenaFijiBelizeTravelPixelScubazooTimor-Leste From BelowIndonesia From BelowBorneo From BelowScuba in 60 SecondsWeird Underwater VideosFeatured PhotographerFeatured VideographerKitDIVE's Top KitDIVE's Kit ReviewsSkillsSupport UsSubscribe
PRIVACY POLICY
As the publishers of DIVE, Syon Publishing Ltd is committed to respecting the privacy of its users. However, we do collect and use various bits of information about you through your use of this website, and this policy sets out the basis on which your personal data will be collected, stored and processed. The data collector for this website is Syon Publishing Ltd, with its registered office at 3.20 Q West, Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex, TW8 0GP England. Please note that this policy only addresses our activities, and other sites to which this website links may have their own privacy policies and practices, which we do not control.1. CollectionWe shall ask you to supply personal information (data) to us in the following circumstances:(a) when you wish to become a registered user of this website (www.divemagazine.co.uk) and/or(b) when you wish to buy or utilise any of our products or services.2. InformationThe personal data that we shall ask you to supply could include the following:(a) your name, address, and email address; and(b) your postcode and telephone number; and(c) (if you make purchases) your credit card or other financial or payment details.We may also ask you to provide other personal data to us for particular purposes, such as supplying our products or services to you. In each case it will be your decision as to whether you supply us with the information in question or not.3. Use of your personal informationWe shall only use your personal data for the following purposes where applicable:(a) to identify you as a registered user of our website and to allow you to post messages on our forum;(b) to provide you with products and services (which may include products and services that we supply in association with other businesses);(c) to process any applicable payments from you;(d) to send you information regarding our products and services with your consent;(e) to send you information regarding the products and services of other businesses with your consent;(f) to notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions from time to time;(g) for our own internal purposes in connection with risk control, resolving consumer disputes; and(h) for producing statistics and other information relating to our business and the users of our website.WE WILL NEVER SELL YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS TO A THIRD PARTY or sell lists of emails to other companies. We do however send emails from our own email servers on behalf of advertisers from time to time. These are never spammy, they always provide value to the reader and the frequency is never more than 2 a week. DIVE magazine is FREE for the current issues, getting a few relevant, informative and interesting commercial diving emails from time to time is small price to pay for access. It allows us to stay FREE. General InformationAny information or statistics relating to our business that we disclose to others shall not identify you personally. We may, for example, perform statistical analyses of the behaviour of the users of our website in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site and to tell advertisers how many users of our website have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners. This information, and any other general information about our users that we share with advertisers and other partners, will not disclose personal information about you.4. Disclosure of your personal informationWe shall only disclose your personal data to other people in the following circumstances:(a) to verify and process any payment instructions that you give us when you order any of our products or services;(b) to other businesses, when we are providing products or services to you in association with those businesses (see 3(b) above);(c) to prepare or send any communications to you, or to assist us in connection with any of our administrative or business functions, or in the provision of any of our products or our services to you;(d) to verify your credit worthiness or financial circumstances, for the purpose of making credit decisions, and in connection with fraud prevention and tracing debtors; and(e) if we are asked to do by any legal or regulatory authority, or if we believe that it would be proper to do so in connection with any legal or regulatory matter.Unless they are already legally bound to keep your personal data confidential, we shall enter into agreements with anyone to whom we disclose your personal data under (a), (b), (c) and (d) above obliging them to keep your personal data confidential.5. Sale and supplyWe shall comply with the following restrictions in relation to your personal information.(a) We shall not sell your personal data to anyone else.(b) Subject to the exception in point 4(e) above, we shall not supply your personal data to anyone else so that they can use it for their own purposes. The only time your email address could be transferred to another party is if that party actually bought the brand DIVE magazine in its entirety. This would constitute the third paty actually becoming DIVE magazine. 6. Security of your personal informationWe shall take steps to ensure that your personal data is kept reasonably secure whilst it is in our possession, and your credit card details will only be stored and transmitted by us in an encrypted form.7. Other information that we collectWhen you visit our site we may log IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes.We may collect information about your viewing habits when you visit our website through your IP address and by using cookies and other web tools in the following ways.(a) Cookies. A "cookie" is a small electronic file that collects information when someone visits a website. A cookie can identify the pages that are being viewed, and this can assist us to select the pages that the viewer sees. Some cookies only exist whilst viewers are online, but "persistent" cookies - which are not session-based - remain on the viewer's computer, so that he or she can be recognised as a previous visitor when he or she next visits our website. This information allows us to collect information about a viewer's browsing habits, and this can be useful in assisting us to monitor and improve our services. We do not store sensitive information such as account numbers or passwords in "persistent" cookies, and cookies, in themselves, do not contain enough information to identify you. You will only acquire a personal identity in relation to your browsing habits after you have formally provide us with your personal data for the purposes outlined in point 3 above.(b) GIF and other web tools. In addition to using cookies, we might also use GIFs and other web tools to collect information about your browsing activities. In this respect the information that is provided is similar to the information supplied by cookies, and we use it for the same purposes. Information that we automatically collect and analyse about you may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address that you use to connect your computer to the Internet; your login, email address, and password; the computer and connection information relating to you (such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform); your purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from this website (including date and time); and any items you viewed or searched for. Any information that we acquire about you using cookies, GIFs or other web tools, or which we collect in any other way is subject to the same restrictions and conditions as any of the more formal personal data we collect about you.NOTE. Some of the advertisements on our website may contain cookies, GIFs, or other web tools that are set by other people such as advertising agencies, or the businesses to which the advertisements in question relate. We do not have access to any information that might be collected in this way, and (if you are concerned) you should contact the advertiser for more information.8. Amendments, cancellation, and contact usAt your request we shall make any amendments that you stipulate to the personal data that you have supplied us with. If you require it we shall also remove your name and personal data from our database. This shall be on the basis that you shall be deemed to have cancelled any contract or licence you may have had with us that the personal data in question related to, and (as we shall not have been at fault in those circumstances) you shall not be entitled to any compensation or refunds in relation to the cancellation of the applicable contract or licence.Please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. in relation to the matters to which this point 7 relates, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy.This Privacy Policy has been prepared to meet the requirements of the UK's Data Protection Act 1998, and that Act only relates to the collection, protection, disclosure and use of personal data belonging to living individuals. It does not relate to data regarding companies and other non-living entities, although the general principles regarding our collection and use of data is broadly the same irrespective of whether the users of our website are living individuals or not.SYON PUBLISHING LTD is a company incorporated in England and Wales under Company Number 7265915.Registered Office: 3.20 Q West, Great West Road, Brentford, Middlesex, TW8 0GP
Share this article...
Share
Tweet
Pin
Reddit
Flip
Email
THREE AMAZING DIVE eBOOKS - FREE
Love diving? You'll love these. Sign up today to immediately download our unique FREE gifts -
AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 WRECKS - DIVE's 70-page, beautifully illustrated, colour guide to the world’s best wrecks
SCUBA STORIES - DIVE's collection f real life stories where divers, who have got themselves into perilous situations, describe how they reacted and what actions they took to ensure they lived to tell the tale
PACIFIC - Highlights of the Pacific - Dancing mantas in Hawaii • The Best Diving in the World, Galápagos, Cocos, Malpelo & Socorro • Mass Spawning Events in Palau
Destinations Spotlight
Need inspiration for your next dive trip? Try one of our featured destinations from DIVE's travel partners.
DIVE Partners
Latest Articles
More Articles
Read DIVE magazine
DIVE magazine is available to read on many devices. Simply click one one of the options below
Read DIVE
DIVE magazine is the world's leading scuba magazine - both in glorious print or cutting-edge digital app. The quarterly print magazine is beautifully produced on art paper with stunning photography & great writing.
DIVE weekly updates
Get updates of all the diving news plus all our latest offers and competitions in our regular newsletters. We never share your data. Unsubscribe anytime.
Simply give us your best email address in the box below to stay connected.
Get Our App
Press the Apple or Android image below to download the DIVE app for your device or the PC/Mac image to read DIVE on your desktop. DIVELive is free, full archive available to digital subscribers
Follow DIVE
©Syon Geographical Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Website design by     Member Magazine Publishers
AboutPrivacyTermsAdvertiseSitemap
Like & Follow
Follow on Twitter
Follow on Pinterest
InstaFollow
Follow on Youtube