http://www.rentayacht.com.au/legal
Home
Services Skipper Yourself Charters
Whitsundays School of Sailing
Flotilla Group Cruise
Guided Charters
Yacht Ownership
Fleet & Packages Our Vessels
Our Rates
Custom Packages
Plan your Trip Preparing For Your Charter
Getting Here
Things To Do
Equipment Hire
Island Resorts
Recommended Anchorages
Snorkelling Sites
Provisioning
Whitsunday Weather
Insurance
FAQs
Blog
Book Now
About Us
Contact
Legal
Check availability and get a price
People
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Depart
Return
You are hereHome
Legal
The Whitsunday Rent A Yacht website (www.rentayacht.com.au) is owned and operated by Whitsunday Rent A Yacht Pty Ltd (WRAY). Your use of the website is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document and elsewhere on the website (known collectively as 'terms of use').
1. Rights and responsibilities
The Whitsunday Rent A Yacht website (www.rentayacht.com.au) is owned and operated by Whitsunday Rent A Yacht Pty Ltd (WRAY). Your use of the website is conditional upon your acceptance and compliance with the terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained in this document and elsewhere on the website (known collectively as 'terms of use').
WRAY reserves the right to amend the terms of use at any time, and such amendments will be effective immediately upon posting of the modified terms of use.
2. Copyright and trademarks
The material on this website is © 2015 Whitsunday Rent A Yacht. This website is owned and operated by WRAY and content is protected by Australian and international copyright laws. You should comply with the fair use provisions of relevant laws.
3. Information for personal, non-commercial use only
Information contained on this site is for personal use only and may not be sold or redistributed. You may, using an industry-standard web browser, download material from this site for your personal, non-commercial use only, strictly on the condition that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and all advertisements.
You may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way any material from this site including code and software, without WRAY's express written permission. You must not use this site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use.
4. Information does not represent professional advice
Information published by WRAY is intended to provide general information in summary form. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, services, merchandise and other information provided through the service or on the Internet generally.
In no event will WRAY be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken by you or anyone else in reliance upon the information provided through the site.
5. No guarantees or endorsements of sites or services we link to or that link to us
The WRAY site contains hyperlinks and other pointers to Internet websites operated by third parties. These linked websites are not under the control of WRAY, and WRAY is not responsible for the contents (including the accuracy, legality or decency) of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. WRAY is providing these links to you as a convenience only, and the inclusion of any link does not imply any endorsement of the linked site by WRAY or its affiliates. WRAY is not responsible for the copyright compliance of any linked site.
6. No guarantees as to the service
WRAY does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected. You also understand that WRAY cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading through the site or delivered via electronic mail through the site will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the site for the reconstruction of any lost data.
7. Our rights to use information you send to us
WRAY welcomes ideas and feedback from you about all aspects of the site. You agree that WRAY may reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, and publicly display any materials and other information (including ideas for new or improved products and services) that you submit to any public areas of the site or by email to WRAY. (Please read our privacy policy for more information.)
8. No guarantee as to security of your information
While WRAY takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information you provide, the possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet or while stored on WRAY systems. WRAY accepts no liability should this occur.
9. Lawful purposes
You agree to use www.rentayacht.com.au only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of www.rentayacht.com.au by any third party. This includes content which is unlawful or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person, the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption to www.rentayacht.com.au. You may not post or transmit via www.rentayacht.com.au any unlawful, defamatory, obscene, offensive or scandalous material, or any material that constitutes or encourages conduct that would contravene any law.
10. Jurisdiction
These terms of use are governed by the laws of Queensland, Australia and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Queensland and the Commonwealth of Australia.
11. Third party providers
WRAY has provided links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. WRAY does not have direct control over the content presented in those websites or the availability of those websites. Third party services and products advertised on this website are the responsibility of the third party and their inclusion on this website does not imply endorsement by WRAY. WRAY will not be liable for any damages or loss arising in any way out of or in connection with or incidental to any information or third party service provided. WRAY makes no representation that the material on any linked website does not infringe the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any person. WRAY does not authorise reproduction of such material. WRAY does not endorse or recommend any llnks to external websites, or third party content, including products and services offered by, from or through those websites or their content.
Last updated: February 23, 2017.