http://www.antiquestradegazette.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
To ensure you the best experience, we use cookies on our website for technical, analytical and marketing purposes. By continuing to browse our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Accept Cookies and Close
News
Print Edition
Categories
Toggle navigation
All
News topics
Auctioneers
Museums and Institutions
Organisations
Fairs and Markets
People
Dealers
UK
International
Print Edition
Latest Issue
All Issues
e-Paper
PDFs
Asian Art
Clocks, Watches & Jewellery
Collectables
Decorative Art
Fine Art
Furniture
Greek, Roman, Egyptian & Other Antiquities
Ethnographica & Tribal Art
Vintage Fashion & Textiles
News
News topics
Art finance
Auctions
Education and Training
Endangered Species
Events and conferences
Industry data
See More...
Auctioneers
Sotheby's
Christie's
Bonhams
Phillips
Fellows
Woolley & Wallis
See More...
Museums and Institutions
Ashmolean Museum
Bodleian Library
British Museum
Design Museum
Dulwich Picture Gallery
Fitzwilliam
See More...
Organisations
1stdibs
Advertising Standards Authority
Antiquarian Booksellers Association
Antique Young Guns
Antiquities Dealers’ Association
Art Antiques and Design
See More...
Fairs and Markets
British Art Fair
Antiques for Everyone Fair
Ardingly Fair
Art Antiques London
Arthur Swallow Fairs
The Open Art Fair
See More...
People
Alfred Taubman
Bill Ruprecht
Cornelius Gurlitt
David Lester
Ed Dolman
Ed Vaizey
See More...
Dealers
Agnews
Alan Cristea
Alastair Dickenson
Blairman
Carter Marsh
Colnaghi
See More...
UK
London
South-east England
South-west England
East Midlands
West Midlands
North-east England
See More...
International
North America
Europe
South America
Middle East
Asia
Africa
See More...
Print Edition
Print Edition
Latest Issue
All Issues
e-Paper
PDFs
Categories
Asian Art
Chinese Works of Art
Japanese Works of Art
Indian Works of Art
Islamic Works of Art
Clocks, Watches & Jewellery
Clocks
Watches & Watch accessories
Jewellery
Barometers
Collectables
Models, Toys, Dolls & Games
Sporting Memorabilia & Equipment
Coins
Entertainment Memorabilia
Bank notes
Arms, Armour & Militaria
See More...
Decorative Art
Ceramics
Glassware
Silver & Silver-plated items
Metalware
Fine Art
Old Masters
Impressionist and Modern Art
Modern British Art
Contemporary Art
Watercolours
Prints
See More...
Furniture
Furniture
Salvage & Architectural Antiques
Lighting
Carpets & Rugs
Greek, Roman, Egyptian & Other Antiquities
Greek, Roman, Egyptian & Other Antiquities
Ethnographica & Tribal Art
Ethnographica & Tribal Art
Vintage Fashion & Textiles
Vintage Fashion
Textiles
Guides
Collecting Guides
Antique Furniture
Clarice Cliff
Beswick
Whitefriars Glass
Poole Pottery
Moorcroft
Martin Brothers
Mouseman
Troika
See More...
Information Guides
Auction Guide
Determining Value
Weights and Measures
Hallmarks
Export Licences
Endangered Species
Shipping and Insurance
Top Ten Prices
Historical Periods
See More...
Jobs
Directory
Calendar
Subscribe
Sign in
Sign In
Renew your subscription now
Upgrade your print subscription
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Metropress Limited, trading as Auction Technology Group, ("We" or "Auction Technology Group") is committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy.
This policy ("Privacy Policy") (together with our Cookies Policy, terms of use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from or about you, when you use www.antiquestradegazette.com (the “Website”), will be processed by us.
We will be the data controller of your personal data which you provide to us or which is collected by us about you when you use the Website. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you and that we are required to provide you with the information contained in this Privacy Policy. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Our Data Protection Officer is William Bidwell, who is contactable at dpo@auctiontechnologygroup.com, +44 (0)203 725 5500, 6th Floor, 65 Southwark Street, London SE1 0HR, United Kingdom. You can also contact us using the details provided at the end of this Notice in the “Contacting Us” section.
Legal Basis and Purpose for Processing
We will collect various types of personal information from you. Further details of the personal data we collect and how we use it are set out below.
In the sections below, we have indicated with asterisks whether we need to process your personal data:
* to enter into and/or to perform a contract with you;
** to pursue our legitimate interests, provided that your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
*** to enable us to comply with our legal obligations; and/or
**** with your consent.
Information We May Collect From You And How We Will Use It
Creating an account on the Website
To create an account on the Website, you will need to provide to us your email address name, country location and password. We will automatically assign you a unique ID. We will use this information for the purposes of:
allowing you to log in to the Website and use our services*/**;
tracking your browsing habits and interests on our Website**;
emailing you with suggested lots or auctions that you may be interested in based on your browsing habits and interests and to remind you about lots that you have watch-listed, if you have opted-in to receiving these emails**/****;
general analytics**.
Subscribing to Antiques Trade Gazette
To subscribe to Antiques Trade Gazette, you will need to provide to us your name, payment card or bank account details, delivery address, billing address, telephone number and VAT number (if applicable).
We will use this information to fulfil your subscription and to send you relevant notifications about your subscription (such as when your subscription is due for renewal) */**
Other Information
We may also collect from you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites thesaleroom.com, www.i-bidder.com, www.BidSpotter.co.uk, www.BidSpotter.com, www.BidSpotter.eu, www,auctiontechnologygroup.com and white label auction websites operated by third parties that are powered by our technology to which this Privacy Policy is expressed to apply**;
Information you provide when you voluntarily complete surveys that we use for research purposes****;
information that you provide when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Auction Technology Group or a third party**/****; and
information that you provide when you report a problem with our Website**.
When you visit our Website, we shall also automatically collect from you:
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the bids (successful or otherwise) you may make during any live auction*/**;
Details of your visits to our Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access**; and
Your IP address, operating system and browser type, for systems administration and to report aggregate information internally and to our auctioneer customers**. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
We may also use your information in the following ways:
to notify you about changes to our service**;
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer**;
to manage and provide any rewards and offers and administer any promotions, competitions and surveys**/****;
to provide you with information about auction events and/or other services that we or third parties offer or which we feel may be of interest to you, where permitted by law**/****;
to investigate, detect and prevent fraud and any other crimes**/***; and
to create statistics, analyses and profiles to develop and improve our services**.
We use cookies on our Website and our Cookie Policy which can be found at antiquestradegazette.com/cookie-policy explains what cookies we use and how we use them.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will usually notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to Auction Technology Group Germany GmbH (trading as Lot-tissimo.com) and Bidspotter Inc both of which are members of our group.
We may disclose your personal information to the following other third parties:
Our suppliers and partners including payment companies, subscription database providers, mailing houses and agencies that support the running of our Website - for the purposes of fulfilling your subscription;
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
If Auction Technology Group or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets; and
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use (e.g. Bidder's Terms, Website Terms) and other agreements; to collect payment, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Auction Technology Group, our customers, auctioneers or others.
We will enter into agreements with such third parties to ensure that they respect the security of your data and use it only in accordance with data protection laws.
How Long We Store Your Personal Data For
We will only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to fulfil the relevant purpose(s) it was collected, as set out above in this Privacy Policy, and for as long as we are required to keep it for legal purposes. We will keep your personal data for as follows:
Website registrants who are not subscribers to Antiques Trade Gazette
inactive
active
Definition
3yrs since opted out of receiving communications from Auction Technology Group ****
opted in to receive communications from Auction Technology Group****
Key details (email, address)
anonymise 3 yrs post opt out
retain
Subscribers to Antiques Trade Gazette
inactive
active
Definition
not subscribed in the last 6 yrs *
subscribed in the last 6 yrs *
Key details (email, address)
anonymise 6 yrs post end of subscription
retain
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, such as payment transactions being encrypted using SSL technology, use of AWS and Microsoft Azure security protection, best practise anti-malware and patch management, best practise internal security policies, use of Microsoft enterprise tools to ensure personal data cannot be sent to external parties without the sign off of an ATG Director. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us via our Website or otherwise. Any transmission is at your own risk.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a user ID and password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping your user ID and password confidential. We ask you not to share your user ID and password with anyone.
Your Rights
Data protection laws provide data subjects with the following rights, (subject to certain exemptions and conditions in some cases) to:
request access to their personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables them to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about them and to check that we are lawfully processing it;
request correction of the personal information that we hold about them. This enables them to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about them corrected;
request erasure of their personal information. This enables them to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. Data subjects also have the right to ask us to delete or remove their personal information where they have exercised their right to object to processing (see below);
request the restriction of processing of their personal information. This enables them to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about them, for example if they want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it;
request a copy of their personal information which they have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transfer it, or to require us to transfer it directly, to another controller; and
complain to the supervisory authority, which in the United Kingdom is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Data subjects also have the right to object to the processing of their personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about their particular situation which makes them want to object to processing on this ground. They also have the right to object where we are processing their personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Data subjects will not have to pay a fee to access their personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights above). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if their request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from the data subject to help us confirm their identity and ensure their right to access the information (or to exercise any of their other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of auctioneers, our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. In particular where we collect information on behalf of third parties such third parties and not Auction Technology Group are responsible for how the information is processed.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
This Privacy Policy replaces all prior privacy policies or statements.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy or you would like to exercise any of your rights as a data subject set out above, you can contact us in the following ways:
By email at dpo@auctiontechnologygroup.com or support@auctiontechnologygroup.com;
By telephone at +44 (0)203 725 5555; or
By post at William Bidwell, Auction Technology Group, 65 Southwark Street, London, SE1 0HR, United Kingdom.
Mitchells Antiques & Fine Art
Antiques & Fine Art
09 Dec 2020 - 10:00 AM
Fieldings Auctioneers
Christmas Silver & Jewellery
10 Dec 2020 - 10:00 AM
Hansons
Christmas Fine Arts & Library
10 Dec 2020 - 10:30 AM
Ewbank's
Deck of Card TLC Charity Sale
11 Dec 2020 - 09:30 AM
Atkins Auctions
Jewellery, Silver, Art, Collectables, China, Glass & Furniture
11 Dec 2020 - 10:00 AM
East Bristol Auctions
Entertainment Memorabilia
11 Dec 2020 - 10:00 AM
Back to top
News
Categories
Guides
Calendar
Jobs