http://www.funset.com/privacy.asp
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
ACTIVITIES & GAMES
FUNSET GRILL
BIRTHDAY PARTIES & GROUPS
FUNDRAISING & DONATIONS
INFORMATION /JOIN OUR TEAM
HOLLYWOOD
CINEMA
REWARDS
HOTELDISCOUNTS
Privacy Policy
Funset Boulevard and Marcus Theatres ("us," "we" or "our") created this Privacy Policy as a demonstration of our commitment to the privacy of our online customers ("you" or "your"); it describes the information we may collect online and how that information may be used.
Personal Information
So that we can provide you a better customer experience, Marcus Theatres may gather, retain and/or utilize information about you during the course of providing services, products, and information.
This information is collected when you provide it through voluntary registrations on our sites and in certain promotions, contests or sweepstakes.
Your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, social security number, billing and shipping information, credit information or e-mail address) will not be collected on this website unless you provide it voluntarily.
That information will be used only for purposes for which it was collected, such as sending visitors information about our company and products.
It also allows us to better tailor content to visitors' needs and have a better overall understanding of the customers visiting our web sites.
When visitors come to our site, clickstream and other data may be collected and analyzed at an aggregate level to aid in understanding visitor trends and needs; none of this information will be reviewed at an individual level.
Tracking Information
Anonymous information may be collected through the use of various technologies, including cookies.
For example, we might measure visitor volume on our websites, but do so in ways that keep the information anonymous.
This anonymous data, also known as "clickstream data",
may be used to analyze trends and statistics so that we can provide a better customer experience.
Cookies are small files that a website installs on your hard drive.
Cookies enable our web server to recognize your computer, which allows our websites to tailor content to better match your interests and preferences.
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website and the websites visited just before and just after our website.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
You can also set your browser to block cookies altogether.
However, if you do so, your ability to use this website may be impaired.
Use and Sharing of Information
We do not give or sell your personally identifiable information to third party organizations without your consent.
We may share your information with agents and/or contractors of Marcus Theatres in connection with services they perform that enable us to provide better online services to you.
As an example, personal information may be used for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other services and products to our customers and prospective customers.
Our agents and contracts are required to maintain your information in the strictest confidence.
We may store and process personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we may improve our services and products.
Your information may be used to contact you in the future about important changes, such as about our websites, new services and products, promotions, sweepstakes and special offers.
Correcting, Updating or Deleting Your Information
If you would like to correct, update or delete personal information retained by us, or inform us of your desire not to receive future communications from us, please contact (414) 905-1000.
Confidentiality and Security
Marcus Theatres will take reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, theft, misuse or alteration.
Credit card information collected on our websites are protected by secure server software which encrypts data sent via the internet. This information is hashed, or scrambled, en route and decoded once it reaches our website.
Other e-mail that you send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information.
For that reason, we ask that you do not send your social security or credit card numbers to us through an unsecured email.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your personally identifiable information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to:
(a) comply with a court order or other legal process; (b) protect our rights or property; or (c) to enforce our Terms of Use.
Minors
We do not seek to obtain nor do we wish to receive personally identifiable information directly from minors. If a minor provides us with personally identifiable information, we encourage a parent or guardian of that child to contact us to have this information removed from our records and to unsubscribe the minor from future communication from us.
Links to Third Party Websites
This website may contain links to other websites. These links are provided to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any links does not imply endorsement of the linked website(s) by Marcus Theatres.
Marcus Theatres is not responsible for and does not warrant the suitability, accuracy, privacy practices or content of such websites.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our collection and use of your personally identifiable information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Marcus Theatres reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy, or any other policy or practice of Marcus Theatres, at any time.
Changes to our online privacy policies and procedures will be posted on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the website.
Thank you for visiting us.
We value your patronage.
About Marcus Theatres
Marcus Theatres owns and operates Funset Boulevard.
Marcus Theatres is a trade name describing the subsidiary companies of Marcus Theatres Corporation, that are involved in the entertainment business in the United States.
Marcus Theatres Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Marcus Corporation, an NYSE corporation.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Effective September 1, 2010.
Terms of Use  |
Privacy Policy   |
Contact Us  |
FAQ   |
Gift Cards   |
Directions
|
Site Map
Funset Boulevard
3916 W College Ave  •
Appleton,
WI
54914
Phone: 920-993-0909
•
Fax: 920-993-0912
•
funset@marcustheatres.com
©  2020  Marcus Theatres All Rights Reserved