http://www.malode.com/privacy-policy-terms-conditions/
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
<![endif]-->
Home»Privacy Policy and Terms
Privacy Policy and Terms
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of visitors to this site. We use a standard statistics package that collects bulk information on the number of visitors, their IP addresses, search terms used to find this site, and the addresses of sites referring traffic to us. This information is used to evaluate the site’s search engine performance. We do not analyze or share the addresses of individual visitors. We also use Google Analytics to collect bulk information on visitors and their browsing patterns. This includes some information about the general interests of our audience. We do not correlate or enable any connection between this general information and the personal information you give us when you contact us or book a trip. If you contact us using our contact form, we will use the email address and other information you provide solely to enable us to return your message. We do not share this information with any other entities or sites. Please contact us if you have any questions about these policies.
Terms & Conditions
By browsing the Mother Lode River Center web site (www.malode.com), you are agreeing to the following usage conditions: Mother Lode River Center provides this site for your information, education and communication. With the exception of art work or information in the public domain or otherwise copyrighted, the information (including text, logos, graphics, etc.) included in this website is the exclusive property of Mother Lode River Center, and may not be used without the express consent of the Mother Lode River Center.
Website Development
Website designed and developed by Amy Williams and Donna McMaster. Thanks and acknowledgments to the WordPress community.
We areSafety andConservationleaders
» See why we're #1
See all theActivitiesin the catalog
» Request a catalog
Stay Connectedwith theriver news
» Read our blog