http://www.deepbluedive.com/privacy
Home
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy Policy
This document explains our policy regarding any personal information you might supply to us when you visit this site. Our goal is to protect your information.
Consent
By accessing or using the DeepBlue Dive Web site, you agree to the terms of the DeepBlue Dive Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.
Collection of Personal Information
When you engage in certain activities on this site, such as registering, ordering products, or entering contests, DeepBlue Dive may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, DeepBlue Dive may require that you provide us personal information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and other personal identifying information. When ordering products on the site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number.
When you submit personal information to DeepBlue Dive you understand and agree that DeepBlue Dive and its subsidiaries, affiliates and trusted vendors may transfer, store, and process your customer profile in any of the countries in which DeepBlue Dive and its affiliates maintain offices, including without limitation, the United Kingdom. DeepBlue Dive collects this information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you order a product, for example, the information is used to mail to you the items ordered and to provide you with any benefits that may be made available to customers and registered users. If you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. DeepBlue Dive also uses information that you provide as part of our effort to keep you informed about special offers, and other DeepBlue Dive products and services.
DeepBlue Dive recognises and appreciates the importance of responsible use of this information. If you do not want the information you provide to DeepBlue Dive to be used to inform you of other products and special offers from DeepBlue Dive, and you indicate this preference when you provide the information to us, we will honour your preference. In addition, DeepBlue Dive may selectively provide certain information to other companies or organisations that have products or services we think may interest you. If you do not want the information you provide to DeepBlue Dive to be shared with other companies, and you indicate this preference when you provide the information to us, we will honour your preference.
If you choose to register with the website, your personal information is password-protected to prevent unauthorised access to it. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
Use of Cookies on our site.
When you visit DeepBlue Dive, you can surf the site anonymously and access important information without revealing your identity. However, in order to provide a better service, we may use "cookies" to track your visit.
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computers hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
Two types of cookies are used on this website:
Session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site and persistent cookies which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies. Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.
How we use Cookies on our Site and what Information we collect:
To allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to re-enter information.
Within registration to allow you to access stored information.
To apply discounts dependant on your point of entry into the site.
Persistent Cookies
To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content to match your preferences. This also prevents you from having to ''''Log In'''' every visit.
The cookie cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that sent the cookie.
Disabling/Enabling Cookies.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you will not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.
Data Protection
DeepBlue Dive is registered in accordance with United Kingdom Data Protection Legislation and will hold and use your personal data strictly in accordance with UK data protection legislation.