http://www.ontariotrails.on.ca/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Home
/
Lend a Hand
Find a Trail
Connect
Learn
Lend a Hand
/
About
About
Clubs
Donate
Join
Members
Volunteer
/
Privacy Policy
Board of Directors
Board Biographies
Ontario Trail Policy
Ontario Trails Strategic Plan 2018-2021
Privacy Policy
Use of Site
Wikipedia
Privacy Policy
Ontario Trails Council respects the privacy of visitors to this Web site. Your personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by Ontario Trails Council in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Any personal information you provide to us through our site is never disclosed to any third party. We do not sell, trade or share any of your personal information with any other organizations. However, we will release personal information when we believe such release is appropriate in order to comply with the law, for example, if we receive a subpoena or court order.
Personal information is any information about an identifiable individual, such as contact details and usernames/passwords.
Aggregate information that cannot be associated with a specific individual, such as the number of newsletter subscribers we serve, is not personal information.
You can visit the Ontario Trails Council Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We only collect your personal information when you specifically and knowingly provide it on our site.
If you do provide any of the information asked for on this site, you are expressly consenting to and have knowledge of the collection, use and disclosure of this information, as identified in this Privacy Policy.
Ontario Trails Council takes full responsibility for the management and confidentiality of the personal information it collects. If you have any concerns about this policy, or feel that Ontario Trails Council is not abiding by this policy, please contact the Privacy Officer in writing or by email:
execdir@ontariotrails.on.ca
Ontario Trails Council
Suite 130
556 O'Connor Dr.
Kingston, ON K7P 1N3
Ontario Trails Council collects certain technical information from your computer's web browser, or Internet device when you visit www. ontariotrails.on.ca on the Internet. This information includes the amount of time spent on the site by a visitor with a unique Internet identifier, the pages visited and returned to, the operating system, and web browser used, the referrer Web site and any keywords used to find our site on a search Web site. These server logs do not contain any personal information and can only be accessed by Ontario Trails Council. Server log files are used solely to track visits to our Web site and improve the experience, content and layout of our site. Ontario Trails Council makes no attempt to link this traffic information to the individuals visiting our Web site.
If you have subscribed to an Ontario Trails Council newsletter, your e-mail address and other information that you have provided to us is kept as long as you are a subscriber.
Information you provide about your interests is maintained so that email and web content can be tailored to your needs.
In the event that you choose to unsubscribe from an Ontario Trails Council newsletter, you will no longer receive any information from us.
Ontario Trails Council relies exclusively on the information provided by its Web site users and subscribers, and will not seek independent verification of any of the information supplied.
TRADEMARKS
Any references to trademarks on this site are for editorial purposes only. They are assumed to be the property of their rightful owners.
to:admin@ontariotrails.ca