http://www.jorgetutor.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy and disclaimer for
www.jorgetutor.com  &
www.kirikou.com
At
www.jorgetutor.com  &
www.kirikou.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is
important. Here is information on what types of personal information we
receive and collect when you use visit jorgetutor.com &
kirikou.com,  and how we safeguard
your information.  We never sell your personal information to third
parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in
log files.  The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocal) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or
Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet
Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you
visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We also use third party advertisements on
www.jorgetutor.com   &
www.kirikou.com
to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web
beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these
advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program)
information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used
to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real
estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads
based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone
who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or
third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences
in programs such as Norton Internet Security.  However, this can affect
how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such
as logging into forums or accounts.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your
site.
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your
users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the
Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL -
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our
site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense and other third
parties.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the
advertisements and links that appear on ABIYOYO send directly to your
browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may
also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness
of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content
that you see.
www.jorgetutor.com  &
www.kirikou.com, has no access to
or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party
ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as
for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.jorgetutor.com  &
www.kirikou.com,  privacy
policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such
other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual
browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with
specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Endorsement Disclaimer:
Jorge Tutor,
www.jorgetutor.com  &
www.kirikou.com, and affiliates does not
warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy,
completeness, or usefulness of any information, product, or process disclosed.
Jorge Tutor, jorgetutor.com, abiyoyo.com & kirikou.com, and affiliates does not
endorse or recommend any commercial products, processes, or services and cannot
be held liable for any result of the use of such information, products,
processes or services as discussed on these websites.