https://www.craftbeer.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
You are using an outdated browser not supported by The Brewers Association.
Please consider upgrading!
×
The Brewers Association Commitment to Your Privacy
Your privacy is important to the Brewers Association (BA). Other than cookies, the only personal information we collect on our website is that which you provide on a voluntary basis. We do not sell any personally identifiable information we gather or develop about our visitors to any third parties for any purpose.
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the Brewers Association’s websites, online stores, forums, competitions, applications (apps) and company divisions including, but not limited to:  www.CraftBeer.com, www.BrewersAssociation.org, www.HomebrewersAssociation.org, www.Homebrewcon.org, www.SavorCraftBeer.com, www.GreatAmericanBeerFestival.com, www.CraftBrewersConference.com, www.WorldBeerCup.org, www.BrewersPublications.com, the Brew Guru app, the Craft Brewers conference app, the Homebrew Con app, and MyGABF app. In this policy, we refer to these collectively as our “web properties and apps.”
By using our web properties and apps, you acknowledge and agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to our privacy policy, we advise you not to use our web properties or apps. From time to time, we may modify or change this policy. We will update the date of this policy at such time, so please check back from time to any changes or updates we may make.
How We Gather Information
We use Facebook Connect on some of our web properties and apps
to manage content submissions and comments, and when you use Facebook Connect
to make a comment on our web properties, your Facebook username and profile
will be displayed. In addition, a Facebook Connect or Twitter login generally
is required to add your events to our web properties. These practices record
Facebook IDs and emails associated with content submissions. BA web servers log
the IP addresses of the systems which access the sites and the files visited.
These logs are retained for our security and internal use only. We may use cookies
to maintain a user’s identity between web sessions.
In certain instances, we may ask visitors to voluntarily provide
other information about themselves. The information volunteered is for survey
responses, comments, purchasing and billing information, and your requests.
When ordering or buying a membership, registering for certain events or conferences, or participating on our forums, users may be required to submit:
first and last name
their title
email address
mailing address
cell phone number
credit card number and expiration date
comments, suggestions or other information
This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status, as well as to strengthen membership communications and services. Credit card numbers and expiration dates are not stored. When you provide credit card information, we use a secure, licensed service that encrypts all information you provide before we receive it. Credit card numbers are processed with a service that represents to us that it is fully PCI compliant.
Third-party Service Providers
Certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways,
other payment transaction processors, and other cloud type services we use have
their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to
provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. Some of the third
parties that use your data may include, but not be limited to:
ConferenceDirect receives information about event attendees for
auditing purposes.
Higher Logic’s Informz provides us with email marketing and
member communications.
Map Your Show collects basic data for the purpose of registering
exhibitors for our events.
AventriTM Event Management registers attendees for
our conferences.
WufooTM helps us with online forms.
We use SurveyMonkey® to understand how we can better
serve our members, event guests and website users.
We may link to certain third-party social media sites for
additional resources.
We believe these are reputable, high quality service providers,
but we do not guarantee the standards of every provider we engage with. We also
provide links to other resources on our website. We have no control over, and do
not guarantee the privacy of any other sites. If you are concerned about any of
these third-party service providers or links, we suggest that you visit the
privacy policy of these third-party services.
Use of and Update of Information
We do not sell any personally identifiable information we gather
or develop about our visitors to any third parties for any purpose.
You may change and control the personal information we have regarding you. If you wish to review, correct, update or delete any of your personal information, please notify us at info@brewersassociation.org.
By signing up for a newsletter on one of our web properties,
purchasing a membership, participating in an online forum, attending or
exhibiting at a conference or event, and volunteering information in other
ways, you will receive pertinent and marketing communications from one or more
organizations or web properties under the BA. If you do not want to receive
these communications, you can unsubscribe or customize your level of interest
through the BA’s email service at the bottom of any communication based on the
email on file.
The American Homebrewers Association® (AHA) may share
with the organizers of a United States-based AHA registered homebrew club the
names of AHA members who have self-indicated membership of that club. No
contact information other than first and last name will be shared.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
We are committed to keeping your personal information protected
and store it securely.
Contacting the Brewers Association
For all privacy and policy questions in regard to our web
properties or for users requesting a copy of their personal data or for their
data to be removed in compliance with the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), please contact info@brewersassociation.org.
Members of the Brewers Association or American Homebrewers
Association who request their data be removed will lose access to login to all BA/AHA
online systems, lose early purchase access to events and other benefits and
will not be refunded for their membership.
Policy effective date: April 13, 2020.
Resource Hub
Browse Resource Hub Categories
Explore the Brewers Association's most high-value resources and tools in one click.
COVID-19
Production
Brewhouse
Cleaning
Fermentation
Filtration
Cellaring
Packaging
Sanitation
Ingredients
Barley
Hops
Malt
Water
Yeast
Brewing Supplies
Kegs
Cans
Glass
Process Aids
Quality
Analysis
Lab
Microbiology
Sensory
Food Safety
Safety
Safety Culture & Training
Hazards & Prevention
OSHA
Sustainability
Benchmarking
Energy
Green Building
Solid Waste
Wastewater
Water Usage
Best Practices
Beer Styles
Draught Beer
Engineering
Maintenance
Record Keeping
Business Model
Brewpub
Taproom
Small Production
Planning
Business
Charitable Giving
Finance & Accounting
Management & Leadership
Statistics & Trends
Sales & Marketing
Beer & Food
Distribution
Marketing & Social Media
Off-Premise Sales
On-Premise Sales
Laws & Regulations
Government Affairs
FDA
FSMA (Food Safety Modernization Act)
TTB
Export
Human Resources
Employee Health & Safety
Benefits & Compensation
Hiring & Training
Company Culture
Diversity
Search BrewersAssociation.org
Brewers Association Search Form
Search
Get the most from your membership!
Log in to access all member benefits and resources.
Username
Please enter your username
Password
Please enter your password
Log In
Forgot your Username or Password?
|
First Time Logging In?
Not a member? Join the Brewers Association for access to hundreds of resources and tools to help your business thrive.
Join Now
Learn More