http://www.16thedgware.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
About us
Join Us
Scouts
Cubs
Beavers
Gallery
HomePrivacy Policy
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Who we are
Our website address is: http://16thedgware.org.
The Scout Association takes the issue of privacy very seriously and is committed to protecting and respecting our users’ privacy online. This Privacy Statement sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our terms and conditions. If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, you should contact us at info.centre@scout.org.uk.
1. The information we collect
The only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
2. Registration information
When you register with www.scouts.org.uk, we ask for your name, email address and postcode. We usually also capture your IP address at the time you register.
3. Sharing of data
We may share data supplied by you (or collected about you) with other parts of The Scout Association eg Scout Shops Ltd. Donating to The Scout Association – We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any third parties with regard to any donation you make to The Scout Association.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
4. Advertising
www.scouts.org.uk may include interactive advertising for other businesses as part of the site operation. We may use, and provide to third parties, your contact details if you have given us permission to do so.
5. Legal jurisdiction
All personal information and details held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
6. Further information
www.scouts.org.uk will as part of it’s normal operation send out to information emails. Members can decide to ask for these emails as they register.
7. Disclosure of data by order of a Court and Security
We reserve the right to communicate a Member’s personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.
We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each Member’s responsibility:
to keep their password secret
to protect against unauthorised access to your personal details
to log off from the www.scouts.org.uk service when not using it; and
to ensure against use by anyone else of the www.scouts.org.uk Service through the machine that Member uses while they are “logged on” to the www.scouts.org.uk service
to search and obtain only the data specifically required and allowed for relating to their role.
8. Use of cookies by The Scout Association
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
9. The Data Protection act
You can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner’s website at http://ico.org.uk/for_organisations/data_protection.
10. Contacting www.scouts.org.uk
If you want to contact us to raise any questions about this privacy statement, or any general matters relating to www.scouts.org.uk, you can contact us using this email address: info.centre@scout.org.uk.
Please use this address if you wish to request from us a copy of the personal data we hold about you. Please note that under English law we are entitled to charge you a fee for providing this service.
11. Google Analytics
Visitors to this website who have javascript enabled are tracked using Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects the following types of information from users:
Type of user agent (web browser) used, software manufacture and version number.
Type of operating system
Screen colors (color processing ability of the users screen)
Javascript support
Flash version
Screen resolution
Network location and IP address
Can include country, city, state, region, county, or any other geographic data.
Hostname
Bandwidth (internet connection speed)
Time of visit
Pages visited
Time spent on each page of the website
Referring site statistics
The website (URI) the user came through in order to arrive at this website (example: clicking on a hyperlink from Yahoo.com that took the user to this website)
Search engine query used (example: typing in a phrase into a search engine like Google, and clicking on a link from that search engine)
This data is only used to optimise our website for our visitors.
This data DOES NOT include any personalised identification information such as:
Names
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Mailing addresses
Bank account numbers
Credit card information
The Scout Association Data Protection Policy can be found here. Also, to get in contact with The Scout Association with regards to a Subject Access Request (SAR), please email legal.services@scouts.org.uk.
Privacy Policy
|
Join Us |
Scouts |
Cubs |
Beavers |
Search for: