http://www.trishield.com/privacypolicy.shtml
« Previous Page : Home
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Buick Directory       Buick Jobs       Buick eBay Auctions      Buick Web Search
Privacy Policy  You are here: TriShield.com > Privacy Policy
page sponsor:Your Buick Link here
Joey O'Connor Enterprises is the owner of this site.Any questions, comments or concerns about this privacy policy should be directed by mail to Joey O'Connor Enterprises, Post Office Box 39234, Greensboro, North Carolina, 27438 or by email to dept-privacypolicy@joeyoconnor.com.
This privacy policy covers the use of information collected by this site only and does not cover the use of information collected by any third party advertisers and/or partners although some of the common practices and procedures for such use of information is stated below.
Each third party advertiser and/or partners have their own privacy policy which is shown on their main opening page of their website.
Please contact them directly for concerns about their privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use:
This site collects information in many different ways, including but not limited to direct links, questionaires, order forms, etc., and includes the use of some cookies, log files, and the like. The information that this site personally gathers is simply for contact use only. For example, when adding a site to a directory or advertising with us, we simply need your information for such purposes and to contact you for billing and should we have questions or concerns about your submission, etc.
Service Providers:
We partner with other third parties to provide specific 'site' services. These services include:
Email, Message Boards, Chat Rooms, and Tell A Friend. We are not the owner of the information that is gathered by these services but we may have access to this information for demographic use. For example, we may be able to see the name and location of an email user.
Communications from this site:
Our main way of communication is thru our users that have signed up for email at our site. We consider these individuals as 'members' of our site. A opt-in/opt-out for contact is shown during the sign-up and we recommend that a user selects opt-ins. Through our email partner, we send all new members a welcoming email. 'Members' will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, etc. On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. Our email partner's privacy policy is shown during the sign-up process and then can be found by a link at the bottom of email service pages.
Links:
This site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Joey O'Connor Enterprises, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Chat Rooms, Message Boards, and Public Forums:
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, by posting personal information online that is publicly accessible, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Security:
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the site, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.
Notification of Changes:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If,
however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on this site for 30 days.
Business Transitions, Sharing, Legal, etc.:
In the event Joey O'Connor Enterprises goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
=============== For your knowledge - How some information is stored:
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. There are session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, [the user will not be able to participate in any of our sweepstakes, contests or monthly drawings that take place.] Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
Third Party Advertising:
The majority of the ads appearing on this site are delivered to users by many THIRD PARTY AD SERVERS and partners. Information about users' visit to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user name, address, or other personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site.
Log Files:
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's
movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. [IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service.]
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs):
Our third party advertising companies may employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. The main difference between the two is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Clear Gifs can "work with" existing cookies on a computer if they are both from the same Web site or advertising company. That means, for example, that if a person visited "www.companyX.com", which uses an advertising company's clear gif, the Web site [or advertising company] would match the clear gif's identifier and the advertising company's cookie ID number, to show the past online behavior for that computer. This collected information would then be given to the advertising company [or Web site]. In addition, we use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by the recipients.This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If users would like to opt-out of these emails, please see the Opt-out section.
Polls, Surveys and Contests:
This site may request information from users via polls, surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Buick Models Buick Concepts Buick History Buick News Buick Events Buick Clubs
Featured Links From »
Enter your search terms
Submit search form
Browser Requirements: MSIE 5.0+ with javascript, cookies, and frames enabled.
Copyright &COPY 1998 -
TriShield.com (The Buick Enthusiast Network), its partners and licensors. All Rights Reserved.Not Associated with the Buick Motor Division of the General Motors Corporation.
Contact Us/FAQ : Privacy Policy
A
DEVELOPMENT