http://www.wisconsinbutterflies.org/policy
Wisconsin Butterflies
butterflies
tiger beetles
robber flies
Search species
Privacy Policy
Application Privacy StatementThis privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the Wisconsin Butterflies website (“Application”). The Application is provided by Michael Reese. By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES WISCONSIN BUTTERFLIES COLLECT?We collect the following types of information from our users:Personal Information You Provide to Us:We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise authorize us to obtain – such as, from (for example) your Facebook account). The types of personal information collected may include your full name, email address, gender, IP address, browser information, username, demographic information, and any other information necessary for us to provide the Application services.Personal Information Collected Automatically:We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. For example, Wisconsin Butterflies may automatically receive and record information regarding your computer’s IP address, browser information, Facebook user ID, Facebook Page fan status, and URLs accessed. Such information may be shared in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form with our partners.HOW DOES WISCONSIN BUTTERFLIES USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?Wisconsin Butterflies uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i) internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) as set forth below in the “Will Wisconsin Butterflies Share any of the personal information it Collects” section below.WILL WISCONSIN BUTTERFLIES SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described below.Research Partners: We may share your signing information with researchers for the purposes of insect conservation. We only share sighting information that is already publically-accessible on the website; your personal contact information will not be shared. With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.CONDITIONS OF USE.If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law.THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under Wisconsin Butterflies’s control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Wisconsin Butterflies of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party application/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Wisconsin Butterflies is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?Wisconsin Butterflies allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list may change in the event the Application changes.- Account and user profile information- User e-mail address, if applicable- User preferences- Application specific dataCAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?Our site and the services available through Wisconsin Butterflies are not intended for children under the age of 13. Wisconsin Butterflies does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.Wisconsin Butterflies may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted.QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at hello@sightingapp.org. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.Effective Date: January 1, 2020
© 2020
wisconsinbutterflies.org
|
contact
|
privacy policy
|
about