http://www.flycapeair.com/flying_with_us/privacy-policy.html
Cape Air's Privacy Policy
CAPE Charters
Flying With Us
Before Your Flight
Check In Online
Check Schedules
Check-In Times
Flight Status
Airport Information
Connecting with Other Airlines
Where We Fly
Travel Info
Prohibited Items
Baggage
Pets & Service Animals
Extra Assistance
Unaccompanied Minors
Fees
Travel Documentation
Book & Manage Flights
Reservations
Book Flights
Book Using TravelPass
Change/Cancel a Reservation
Request a Charter
Ticket Office Locations
Group Reservations
Travel Agents
Cargo
TravelPass
Book Using TravelPass
TravelPass FAQs
Buy a TravelPass
Modify a TravelPass Booking
Deals & Destinations
Flights at Our Hubs
Boston Flights
St. Louis Flights
Billings Flights
San Juan Flights
Where We Fly
Popular Flights
Boston to Nantucket
Sidney to Billings
Decatur to Chicago
Nantucket to JFK
San Juan to Vieques
Flight Deals
Owensboro to St. Louis
San Juan to Mayaguez
Hyannis to Nantucket
Fly Buys Fare Specials
Airport Parking Deals
About Us
Our Story
Customer Relations
Community Relations
Airline Partners
Cape Air Goes Green
Giving Back
Nantucket Airlines
Press Room
News
Media Kit
Cape Air Magazine
Careers
Search Jobs
Pilot Recruiting
Sign In / Join
COVID19 Travel Information, BNA & MAZ Airport Construction Learn more
Cape Air's Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.capeair.com, nantucketairlines.com, capeairpilots.com and other websites (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.capeair.com
Definitions
Service: Collectively, we refer to the Websites, and our Social Media Pages, as the “Online Services” and, together with offline channels, the “Services.” By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement.
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller: Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User): Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Date of birth
Gender
Social media account
Passport, visa or other government-issued identification data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
Hyannis Air Service d/b/a Cape Air uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Elavon
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.elavon.com/privacy-pledge.html
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: www.capeair.com/privacy.html or view our Terms of Use.
Why am I asked to provide certain information for TSA watchlist screening and how is this data used?
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) requires you to provide your full name, date of birth, and gender for the purpose of watch list screening, under the authority of 49 U.S.C. section 114, the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 and 49 C.F.R parts 1540 and 1560. You may also provide your Redress Number, if available. Failure to provide your full name, date of birth, and gender may result in denial of transport or denial of authority to enter the boarding area. TSA may share information you provide with law enforcement or intelligence agencies or others under its published system of records notice. For more on TSA privacy policies, or to review the system of records notice and the privacy impact assessment, please see the TSA Web site at www.tsa.gov.
In the event of a corporate change in control, what happens?
Should there be a corporate change in control, through merger, acquisition or bankruptcy, we reserve the right to transfer information collected from you to the new party-in-control of Cape Air in the normal course of business.
Travel Destinations
Cape Cod & the Islands
Cape Cod was where it all started for Cape Air, and we still have our roots planted in Hyannis with our corporate headquarters. We're proud to serve the beautiful Cape & Islands year-round.
Fly with us to:
Hyannis
Provincetown
Martha’s Vineyard
Nantucket
Northeast
Our wings cover the best of the Northeast, with daily, year-round flights from our hub in Boston to VT, NH, ME and NY.
Fly with us to:
Boston
New York/JFK
New Bedford
Rutland
Lebanon
Rockland
Augusta
Bar Harbor
White Plains
Saranac Lake
Portland
Midwest
Our hubs at St. Louis, Chicago - O'Hare and Nashville serve Michigan, Missouri, Illinois and Kentucky.
Fly with us to:
Chicago - O'Hare
St. Louis
Nashville
Quincy
Kirksville
Marion
Owensboro
Manistee
Montana
If time is money, save both. Our fast flights across Eastern Montana from our hub in Billings will get you to your destination in a fraction of the time it takes to drive. Later Lonesome Road!
Fly with us to:
Billings
Sidney
Glasgow
Glendive
Wolf Point
Havre
Caribbean
With up to 100 flights a day in Puerto Rico, the USVI, West Indies, and the BVI, you have the flexibility to fly when you want to, and easily connect with major carriers.
Fly with us to:
Nevis
San Juan
St. Thomas
St. Croix
Tortola
Vieques
Mayagüez
Culebra
Virgin Gorda
Micronesia
Our "first flight of the day" is always from our hub in Guam. Operating as United Express, we serve the islands of Guam, Rota and Saipan. To book Micronesia flights, visit united.com.
Fly with us to:
Guam
Rota
Saipan
CAPE COD & THE ISLANDS
NORTHEAST
Midwest
Montana
Caribbean
Can we help you with anything?
Our Partners
Company
About Cape Air
Press Room
Our Fleet
Our Airline Partners
Sustainability
Careers
Awards & Accolades
Nantucket Airlines
Shop the Wing Locker
Contact
Customer Care
Baggage Inquiries
Refunds
General Inquiries
Travel Policies
Change to Bag Fees
Privacy Policy
Customer Commitments
Contract of Carriage
Air Carriers Access Act
Aircraft Configurations:
Cessna 402
BN2
Tecnam P2012
Tarmac Delay Plans
Cessna 402
BN2
Tecnam P2012
Web User Agreement
Find Flights
Tortola Flights
Provincetown Flights
Billings Flights
Vieques Flights
Nantucket Flights
All Destinations Flights
Explore Routes
New York to Nantucket Flights
Boston to Portland Flights
Boston to Rockland Flights
San Juan to Vieques Flights
St. Louis to Chicago Flights
All Routes
RESERVATIONS
800-CAPE-AIR (227-3247)
508-771-6944 (OUTSIDE THE US & USVI)
Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin Email
Site Map | Terms of use | Privacy
2020 Hyannis Air Service
660 Barnstable Road
Hyannis, MA 02601
USA