https://www.scubanorth.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
Close
Home
About
Scuba North Showroom
Dive Sites
Bob Thorpe
Josh Ritthaler
Joe Kinney
Edward Smith
Steve Raths
Our Services
Learn to Dive
Continuing Education
Technical Training
Gear Rental
Guided Dives
Travel
Charters
Equipment Service
Class & Events Calendar
Local Evening Dives
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Scuba North is located at:
Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.833 South Garfield Avenue Traverse City 49686 - Michigan , United States of America2319472520
It is Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.scubanorth.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.scubanorth.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s visitors use its website. From time to time, Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.scubanorth.com blog posts. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s websites choose to interact with Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. in ways that require Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://www.scubanorth.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. uses cookies to help Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.scubanorth.com, and their website access preferences. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s use of cookies.
E-commerce
Those who engage in transactions with Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. – by purchasing Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s services or products, are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC.'s sole discretion. Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email or phone.
Scuba North - Great Lakes Underwater Explorers LLC © 2020 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use