http://www.ontariotrails.on.ca/terms-and-conditions
Skip to Main Content
Home
/
Lend a Hand
Find a Trail
Connect
Learn
Lend a Hand
/
About
About
Clubs
Donate
Join
Members
Volunteer
/
Use of Site
Board of Directors
Board Biographies
Ontario Trail Policy
Ontario Trails Strategic Plan 2018-2021
Privacy Policy
Use of Site
Wikipedia
Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms of use carefully before accessing and using this Web site.
By accessing and using the Ontario Trails Council Web site you agree to the following terms and conditions. Do not use this Web site if you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions.
LIMITED RIGHTS OF USE
The reproduction, copying, transfer, distribution, or storage of part or all of the contents of this Web site without the prior written permission of Ontario Trails Council is strictly prohibited. However, Ontario Trails Council hereby consents to you storing on your computer, or printing copies of extracts of the documents, provided that (1) copyright notices on the documents are not removed, (2) use of such Documents from this Server is for informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of any Documents are made. Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by these Terms of Use and applicable rules of law. No logo, graphic, sound or image from any Ontario Trails Council Web page may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted in writing by Ontario Trails Council.
NO WARRANTIES
Ontario Trails Council makes no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this Web site for any purpose. All documents, information and related graphics are provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. Ontario Trails Council hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to this information including all implied warranties. The documents and related graphics published on this Web site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
CHANGES, ERRORS AND INTERRUPTIONS
Ontario Trails Council does not warrant that the functions contained in the Web site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. Ontario Trails Council reserves the sole right to revise the Web site or withdraw access to it at any time and, therefore, may also make improvements and/or changes to the services and/or documents described herein at any time.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Copyright (c) Ontario Trails Council. All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS
Any Ontario Trails Council (c), Trillium Trail Network (TM) symbols or equivalent emblems referenced herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Ontario Trails Council.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Certain hyperlinks on this Web site shall lead to external Web sites. These sites are not under the control of Ontario Trails Council and Ontario Trails Council is not, in any circumstances, responsible for the contents of any linked Web site or any link contained in a linked Web site, or any changes or updates to such sites. Ontario Trails Council is not responsible for Web casting or any other form of transmission received from any linked Web site. Ontario Trails Council is providing these links to users only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Ontario Trails Council of the Web site or the service supplier providing such a site.
DISCLAIMER
In no event shall Ontario Trails Council be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of service, documents, provision of or failure to provide proper services, or of information available from this Web site.
DISPUTE SETTLEMENT
Any disputes related to the use of this Web site or to these Terms of Use shall be settled in the province of Ontario in accordance with the laws of Canada. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. If you have questions or problems regarding this Web site, please contact the webmaster.