https://www.rutlandgreendale.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Call us on 01664 474 516
Greendale Farm Park, Pickwell Lane, Whissendine, Rutland. LE15 7LB
HomeInfoCORONAVIRUSDetailed DirectionsFacilities & Campsite InfoNeed Provisions En-route?Campsite MapAccess StatementWhat Our Customers Say...Privacy Policy (GDPR 2018)Prices & AvailabilityEnquire OnlineAround RutlandAround WhissendineBarnsdale GardensBurghley HouseWalking & CyclingOakham CastleMarkets & Local ProduceRockingham CastleRutland Water Nature ReserveGalleryContactDiscover RutlandArticlesCamping in RutlandDog Friendly Pubs in RutlandMake a Nest BoxItem
Navigation
HomeInfo» CORONAVIRUS» Detailed Directions» Facilities & Campsite Info» Need Provisions En-route?» Campsite Map» Access Statement» What Our Customers Say...» Privacy Policy (GDPR 2018)Prices & AvailabilityEnquire OnlineAround Rutland» Around Whissendine» Barnsdale Gardens» Burghley House» Walking & Cycling» Oakham Castle» Markets & Local Produce» Rockingham Castle» Rutland Water Nature ReserveGalleryContactDiscover RutlandArticles» Camping in Rutland» Dog Friendly Pubs in Rutland» Make a Nest BoxItem
Greendale Farm - Caravan & Camping in Rutland
Privacy Policy
GDPR: DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
Introduction
At Greendale Farm Caravan & Camping Park we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The rules on processing of personal data are set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
1 Definitions
Data controller – A controller determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
Data processor – A processor is responsible for processing personal data on behalf of a controller.
Data subject – Yourself
Categories of data: Personal data and special categories of personal data
Personal data – The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier (as explained in Article 6 of GDPR). For example name, passport number, home address or private email address. Online identifiers include IP addresses and cookies.
Special categories personal data – The GDPR refers to sensitive personal data as ‘special categories of personal data’ (as explained in Article 9 of GDPR). The special categories specifically include genetic data, and biometric data where processed to uniquely identify an individual. Other examples include racial and ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health data, trade union membership, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs.
Processing – means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Third party – means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
2. Who are we?
Jo & Chris Read are the data controllers. This means we decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes. Our contact details are: Jo & Chris Read, Greendale Farm Park, Pickwell Lane, Whissendine, LE15 7LB.
3. The purpose(s) of processing your personal data
We use your personal data to enable us to fulfil our contractual obligations with you, and to enable us to give you the service you would reasonably expect from us.
4. The categories of personal data concerned
With reference to the categories of personal data described in the definitions section, we process the following categories of your data:
Personal data provided by you: (Such as your name, address, phone number, email address or other information provided by you that is relevant to your booking or your stay).
Special categories of data: GDPR Defines several special categories of data that naturally require careful handling. One of these categories, ‘HEALTH’ may occasionally be relevant or necessary to you, and therefore to us. If you tell us about a health issue which you believe is relevant to your stay or your enquiry, we will, with your permission, record the details to enable us to direct you to relevant information regarding the suitability of the campsite, or to enable us to best help you enjoy your visit safely.
5. What is our legal basis for processing your data?
Personal data (article 6 of GDPR)
Our lawful basis for processing your general personal data is defined as “Legitimate Interests”. (Processing necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the data controller or a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of the data subject)
b) Special categories of personal data (article 9 of GDPR)
Our lawful basis for processing your special categories of data is “Consent”. We will only record or process this data with your explicit consent, AND if you or we consider that recording the data is necessary. We will record the details of the consent with the information it’s self.
Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential, and will be shared only with if we have a legal obligation to do so. (e.g. a Court Order).
7. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary and we only retain your data for the purposes of fulfilling our obligations to you, and enabling us to assist you efficiently in the future.
8. Providing us with your personal data
You are under no statutory or contractual requirement or obligation to provide us with your personal data. But we may be unable to progress your enquiry, or your booking with us without this data.
9. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
[The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, WHERE CONSENT WAS YOUR LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING THE DATA];
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable i.e. where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and where the data controller processes the data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable i.e. where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
10. Transfer of Data Abroad
We do not transfer personal data outside the eea.
11. Automated Decision Making
We do not use any form of automated decision making in our business.
12. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions.
13. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
14. How to make a complaint
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact us at the address below.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office whose contact details are set out below:
Phone: 03031231113
Email: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
Post: The Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England.
15. Further information
If you require any further information please contact us directly.
Chris & Jo Read
Greendale Farm Caravan & Camping Park
Pickwell Lane,
Whissendine,
Oakham
Rutland
LE15 7LB
Call us on 01664 474 516 Or Enquire OnlineEnquire Now
Facilities
Activities & Attractions
Rates
Links and Likes
Quick Contact Name *
Telephone Number *
Email Address*
Comments *
Send The Road to Tranquillity
PLEASE SEE OUR DIRECTIONS PAGE - DON'T USE YOUR SATNAV FOR THE LAST PART OF YOUR JOURNEY.
Many of our campers come here time and again. They love the peace and tranquility of the campsite and the beautiful surroundings. We rely on them (and you) to respect fellow campers, the surroundings and your environment. This ensures that the campsite maintains a friendly, sociable and relaxed atmosphere where everybody gets along. Several of our customers have met life-long friends at Greendale...
Address: Greendale Farm Park, Pickwell Lane, Whissendine, Rutland. LE15 7LB
Call: 01664 474 516
Email: enq@rutlandgreendale.co.uk
Here we are!
Camping WordPress Theme | Login