https://www.womenonwheels.org/membership/privacy/
Women Motorcycle Organization
Help
Contact Us (402) 477-1280
Log in
Ride.Discover.WOW™
Toggle navigation
Home
About
About WOW
Board of Trustees
Contact
Membership
Privacy
Membership Info
Join
Renew
Member Application
Ride-In™
2020 Covid-19 T-Shirt
Special Ride-In™ Notice
2021 Ride-In™ Design Contest Info
Ride-In™ Registration-Closed
Where to Stay
Lake George, NY Info
Lil Georgie Sightings
WOW 2020 Awards Ceremony
2019 Ride-In™ Photos
Ride-In™ Locations
Ride-In™ Forms
Members
My Account
My Profile
Future of Women On Wheels®
Magazine Issues
Mileage Programs
Shopping Options
“LiL Georgie” Virtual Mascot
Member Benefits
Member Directory
Discounts Available
Member’s Voice Items
Member’s Voice
WOW Business
WOW Bylaws
Board of Trustee Meeting Minutes
Oct 2020 BOT Meeting Agenda and Reports
Board Of Trustees Application
IFRD Photos
In Memoriam
All Forms
Log Out
Chapters
Directory
WOW Marketing Poster
Start a Chapter
Chapter Renewal
Participating Dealers
Directory
Participating Dealer Info
Participating Dealer Renewal
News/Events
Announcements
WOW in the news
Calendar of Events
Magazine
WOW Instagram Feed
Privacy
Home Membership Privacy
Liability Statement (As a Member of WOW, I accept the following)
I understand that Women On Wheels® Incorporated (WOW) cannot assume responsibility for any aspect of my safety and that if I participate in any WOW event, I do so voluntarily on my own assessment of my ability, the routes, and all facilities and conditions, assuming all risk; and I release and hold WOW, its members and officers, harmless for any injury or loss to my person or property which may result therefrom. I also hereby certify that I am in compliance with my state’s financial responsibility laws regarding the carrying of proper insurance. I also hereby certify that I am in compliance with my state’s motorcycle laws. I understand that participation may result in my photo being published in/on the Women On Wheels® magazine or website.
Women On Wheels® Privacy Policy
Welcome to the website of Women On Wheels®. Women On Wheels® (WOW) Incorporated is committed to protecting your privacy. WOW has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information we collect, and how we use the information.
This Privacy Policy is maintained on the Women On Wheels® website and should be reviewed annually since it may change without notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
What WOW’s privacy policy covers?
The WOW website WomenOnWheels.org.
Information collected by traditional means such as printed versions of the WOW membership application and registration forms.
Information WOW collects
When you join WOW, or update your membership by any means, WOW will ask for personal information, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, gender, age (optional), and occupation (optional). This information is used for correspondence related to your membership. If you provide your age, it may be used to determine the demographics of our membership. If you provide your occupation, we may use the information to reach out to you for help pertaining to your area of expertise.
WOW Website
Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you:
information that you provide which personally identifies you; and
Information that does not personally identify you which we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us.
You may access any page of the WOW website, with the exception of the Member’s Login area, and Store (shopping area) without providing personal information.
WOW Members Only Area content
To access members-only content, you must first be a WOW member. WOW members must provide their WOW member number and an e-mail address to create a username and password, which is then used to access content in the Members Area. If you use the Member’s only area WOW may ask you for additional information such as the make and model of your motorcycle. You may also use the Member’s only area to update your e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, and mailing address.
If you access the shopping area (Store) WOW will ask for your full name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and credit card information. WOW does not store Credit Card information for later use. All credit card information is processed by a Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant gateway.
WOW’s web servers collect only non-personal information. This information can include, among other things, IP addresses, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, etc.), the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using (e.g., Vista, Windows XP, Macintosh OS, etc.), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, NetZero, etc.), the specific areas of the Website that you visit, and the duration of your visit. This information may be used to learn how you and other visitors use the WOW Web site and is not used to track your name, e-mail address or other personal data.
Children’s privacy
WOW realizes that children may visit and use the WOW Web site. Therefore, we encourage members to monitor their child’s use of the WOW website.
Use of cookies
We use cookies to recognize you and your access privileges for our members-only content, to record votes for our online polls and to track membership sales. We also use cookies to collect anonymous traffic data to evaluate how you and other visitors use the WOW Web site. We do not use cookies to collect personal information.
You can set your browser so that it will not accept cookies. Doing so, however, may prohibit you from accessing certain features of the Web site, including content in the Members Area. You can use your browser’s help feature to learn more about disabling cookies.
Third-party advertising
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies such as DoubleClick.
Linked sites
WOW is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of Web sites to which it may link, such as Social Media Sites. WOW has an electronic presence on many Social Media sites, and WOW encourages its members to review the privacy policies of those sites.
Non-US customer information
WOW’s Web sites are located in the United States and WOW collects, stores and processes your personal information in the United States. The United States may not offer a level of privacy protection for your personal information as great as is offered in the country in which you live.
How does WOW use your personal information?
WOW will not sell your personal information.
WOW uses your personal information to provide the products and services you request, such as the WOW magazine, for merchandise sales, and to access members-only content on our Web site.
Opting out
If you do not want WOW to retain the personal information you provide, you may opt out by using one of the methods provided below; however, if WOW does not have a valid address we will not be able to provide you with printed materials such as the WOW magazine, or notify you that your membership needs to be renewed.
Opt out by e-mail to Privacy@WomenOnWheels.org, or you may send a letter to the address shown in the contact section below.
E-mail policy
WOW does not send unsolicited e-mails.
If you send us an e-mail with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by e-mail.
Other
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, WOW reserves the right to disclose any personally identifiable information or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright or other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
Update your personal information
You may update your personal information by calling or writing to the WOW office at:
Women On Wheels®
P.O. Box 83076
Lincoln, NE 68501
(402) 477-1280
You may update your personal information by e-mailing: Membership@WomenOnWheels.org
You can also update your WOW membership information online through the Member’s only login area.
Security of your personal and financial information
When WOW transfers and receives certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect you to a secure server running SSL encryption technology. Our website is also hosted on a secure provider.
WOW has implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
Contact WOW
WOW’s mailing address is:
Women On Wheels®
P.O. Box 83076
Lincoln, NE 68501
(402) 477-1280
Link to Privacy Policy pdf
News
Not Accepting Ride-In™ Auction Items
Nov/Dec Magazine posted
October BOT agenda & Reports
Sept/Oct 2020 newsletter posted
Awards Ceremony Video
Quick Access
“LiL Georgie” Virtual Mascot
2019 Ride-In™ Photos
2020 Covid-19 T-Shirt
Board Of Trustees Application
Future of Women On Wheels®
July 2020 BOT Meeting Agenda
Lake George, NY Info
Lil Georgie Sightings
Magazine Issues
Reporting Personal Mileage Milestone
Survey 2020
Website Map
Where to Stay
WOW in the news
All Forms
Member Directory
Member’s Voice
Participating Dealer Renewal
Shopping Options
WOW Business
WOW Bylaws
Contact
InstaNews
Magazine
WOW Instagram Feed
Join
Renew
Renew Membership
women motorcyclists, women motorcycling enthusiasts, lady riders, lady passengers, family oriented, lady bikers, motorcycle traveling, street riding,
Off-road riding, women motorbike riders, lady motorcycle riders, women riders, women bikers
Copyright © 2019 by Women On Wheels®