http://www.derbyshirebats.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Need help with a bat?
Call the BCT National Bat Helpline 0345 1300 228 0345 1300 228
Need help with a bat?
Call the BCT National Bat Helpline 0345 1300 228 0345 1300 228
menu
DBCG Privacy Statements
Privacy Notice for users of our websiteDisclaimerThe DBCG website contains hyperlinks to other websites. This information is supplied in good faith, in case it is of interest or use to DBCG website users. The DBCG is not responsible for the content or functionality of any of these external websites (although please let us know if a link is not working).Any access to another site from this site is independent of the DBCG. The DBCG has no control over the content of other sites and has not endorsed or approved the content of such sites.You should be aware that if an external website requests personal information from you (for example, in connection with an order for goods or services), this information is supplied to, stored and used by the company concerned. The DBCG will not be liable to you or any other person for loss or damage resulting directly or indirectly from any use of this site or any site linked to it.Legal MessageThe information on this website has been provided as general information only. The DBCG cannot accept responsibility for loss occasioned after reliance placed on any of the contents of this website. The DBCG makes no warranty as to the accuracy of site information or contents.Your use of the DBCG website is governed by the conditions in this statement and passing beyond the homepage is deemed as acceptance of these conditions.If you have any concerns about any of the above please contact us.Privacy Notice for DBCG MembersPosted on: 24 May 2018 Effective Date: 25 May 2018This Privacy Notice describes how Derbyshire Bat Conservation Group (registered charity number 1139339) with its address at DBCG c/o Calke Abbey, Ticknall, Derby, DE73 7LE, and our affiliates (collectively, ‘DBCG’, ‘the Group’, ‘we’, and ‘us’) collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, retain or otherwise process your information when you (whether you are a person or business) become a member of DBCG. This Privacy Notice applies to your use of our Services, and covers information collected in connection with your access to and use of our Services. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully.Our Privacy Notice explains:• What information we collect about you• How we use your information• How we share your information• How long we retain your information• Cookies and Other Similar Technologies• Third Party Advertising and Analytics• Your rights • International Data Transfers• Changes to this Privacy Notice• ContactINFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUWe need to collect certain information about you to provide you with the Services we provide for you as a member. The type of information we collect can vary depending on how you become a member (online, printed leaflet, etc). Additionally, you can choose to voluntarily provide information to us.Information You Provide to Access our ServicesWe collect information you provide when you become a member, communicate with us, answer our surveys, upload content, or otherwise use the Services. We collect the following information you share with us when you become a member. This information is necessary for us to provide the Services to you and to allow us comply with applicable regulations. Without it, we will not be able to provide you with the Services we provide to members.The information that we collect from you includes:• Identification information. Your name; email address; postal address; phone number and authentication credentials (for example, information you use to login to your account), including IP address, when you sign up to become a member including when you sign up for, or we create you, a members account.• Transaction information. When you use our Services to make, accept, request, or record payments, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.Information You Provide to Enhance Your ExperienceYou can choose to provide us with additional information in order to obtain a better membership experience. This additional information will be processed with your consentand/or to provide you with services you request:• Other information you provide. We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us, including your survey responses; participation in polls; signing up for Group events; suggestions for improvements; referrals; or any other actions performed by the Group.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe collect information about you when you sign up to become a member for a variety of uses based on different reasons. For example, some of the information we collect from you we need to enable us to deliver the membership Services we provide to you, sometimes we are required by law to collect and process this information about you for purposes such as Gift Aid, at other times, we consider it is in our legitimate business interests to collect and process this information, taking into consideration your privacy right. We use information about you for a number of purposes: Providing, Improving and Developing our Services• Processing or recording payment transactions or money transfers, and otherwise providing you with the DBCG services and features you choose to use. Without this information we would not be able to provide the Services requested by you. Information required for these reasons include:o Identification Information;o Transaction Information; ando Contact Information• Providing, maintaining and improving our membership Services. It is in our legitimate charity interests to continue to maintain our membership and service offering to individuals in order to keep running our charity.• Developing new products and Services. It is in our legitimate charity interests to continue to improve our product and service offering to individual members in order to develop and grow our charity.• Delivering the information and support you request, including members emails including but not limited to, event notifications, monthly meeting information, newsletters, annual reports, the Bat Conservation Trust’s Bat Group Bulletins, and support and administrative messages including to collect membership subscriptions and provide assistance for problems with our membership Services or your DBCG member’s account. We need to communicate with you to fulfil our own obligations or meet your requests that arise from communications between you and us and we need your Identification Information in order to deliver this information to you. If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to fulfil our obligations.• Improving, personalising and facilitating your use of our membership Services. For example, when you sign up as a DBCG member, we can associate certain information with your new account, such as information about which mailing lists you would like to sign up to. We do this in order to ensure in our legitimate interests that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for youCommunicating with You• Sending you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us. As a paid-up member of the Group we send you emails containing relevant informationsuch as event notifications, our newsletters, annual reports etc. • Conducting surveys and collecting feedback about our Services. We do this to pursue our legitimate interests to understand if the Services we provide as a charity are helpful to you and to evaluate the effectiveness of any updates we provide.Protecting our Services and Maintaining a Trusted Environment• Investigating, detecting and preventing or reporting security breaches or incidents, to help protect your account. We do this as we are required by law to ensure effective security breach prevention processes are in place.• Protecting our, our customers’, or your customers’ rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services. We do this as we are required by law and in our legitimate interest to prevent our Services being misused for fraudulent activities.• Complying with any applicable laws or regulations, or in response to lawful requests for information from the government or through legal process. We do this as required by law.• Fulfilling any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our membership Services.• Contacting you to resolve complaints, collect subscription fees and provide assistance with our Services. We process this information given our legitimate interest providing you with our Services, to measure the adequate performance of your membership with us, and to comply with applicable laws.HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONSelected trustees have access to your information in relation to fulfilling our Services (newsletter editor, membership secretary, events secretary, secretary, BCT partner group contact).With Other Users of our Services with Whom You Interact• With other users of our Services with whom you interact through your own use of our Services. This is necessary to provide our Services to you and fulfil our obligations, as well as in our legitimate interest to do so. For example, we share information when you make arrangements to attend a bat group event and the event coordinator has access to your information to keep you updated about that event.With Third Parties• We share your data with a single third party, our website developers, to provide, maintain, and improve our membership Services for the sole purpose of managing your online membership account area which you receive as part of becoming a member. • We do not share your information with any other third parties.Safety and Compliance with Law• If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from law enforcement agencies, etc.); (ii) to enforce or comply with our constitutional policies; (iii) to protect our or our members’ rights or property or the security or integrity of our Services; or (iv) to protect us, users of our Services or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activitiesWith your Consent• With your consent. For example: o At your direction or as described at the time you agree to share;HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATIONWe generally retain your information only as long as reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or to comply with applicable law. However, even after you deactivate your account, we can retain copies of information about you and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIESWe use various technologies to collect information when you access or use our Services, including placing a piece of data, commonly referred to as a “cookie,” or similar technology on your device and using web beacons. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive or in your device memory when you visit a website or view a message. Among other things, cookies support the integrity of our registration process, retain your preferences and account settings, and help evaluate and compile aggregated statistics about user activity. We begin collecting information about you or from activity on devices you use as soon as you use our Services. By using our Services, you permit us to collect and use your information from activity on devices you use in accordance with this Privacy Notice. For more information and to learn how to block or delete cookies used in the Services, please see below. Certain cookies we use last only for the duration of your web or application session and expire when you close your browser or exit the application. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to use the Services and, as such, will last longer. We use cookies to:• Remember that you have visited us or used the Services before. This allows us to identify the number of unique visitors we receive, so that we can provide enough capacity to accommodate all of our users.• Customise elements of the layout and/or content of our Services.• Collect data about the way you interact with our Services (e.g., when you use certain features or upload attachments).• Enable third parties to collect data about the way you interact across sites outside of our Services.• Collect anonymous statistical information about how you use the Services (including the length of your web or application session) and the location from which you access the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn which elements and functions of the Services are most popular with our users. The cookies used in the Services are set by us and our website developers. Most web and mobile device browsers are set to automatically accept cookies by default. However, you can change your browser settings to prevent automatic acceptance of cookies, or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You also can learn more about cookies by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org, which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies on different types of browsers and mobile devices. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used in the Services, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Services.Type of Cookies Description and further informationEssential Cookies: Essential cookies are cookies that enable you to navigate and use all the features in the Services provided by us. For example, without these, you would not be able to navigate between pages on the website. Functionality Cookies: These cookies enable us to remember you have used our Services before, preferences you may have indicated and information you have provided to us to give you a customised experience. For example, this would include ensuring the continuity of your registration process. Performance and Analytical Cookies: This information is used to make sure our Services can cope with the volume of users, to help us correct errors in the Services and to measure use across our Services. These cookies help us understand if you have used our Services before so we can identify the number of unique users we receive. They also help us understand how long you spend using our Services and from where you have accessed the Services, so that we can improve the Services and learn about the most popular aspects of the Services. Retargeting or Advertising Cookies: We use third parties, for example, Google Analytics, to analyse statistical information from users of the Site. We might be able to associate such information with other information which we collect from you once we receive it from a third party. These cookies collect information about the pages you visit and also other information about other websites you visit. This information is only collected by reference to the cookie identifier that you are using. For more information visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/.We also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that can be used in our Services or emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, track the number of visits to our website, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICSWe can use third-party service providers to provide site metrics and other analytics services. These third parties can use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information, such as your IP address, identifiers associated with your device, other applications on your device, the browsers you use to access our Services, webpages viewed, time spent on webpages, links clicked, and conversion information (e.g., transactions entered into). This information can be used by the Group to analyse and track usage of our Services, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand how you use our Services.This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies, which are covered by such third parties’ privacy policies. For more information, we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn about their privacy practices. For more information about targeted advertising specifically, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Examples of our third-party service providers to help deliver our Services or to connect to our Services include: • Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to understand how our Services perform and how you use them. To learn more about how Google processes your data, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. To opt out of Google Analytics please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. These third party service providers make use of cookies to implement their services.YOUR RIGHTSPersonal InformationIf you reside in Europe, you have the right under certain circumstances: • to be provided with access to your personal data held by us; • to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us; • to request that we cease processing your data; • to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example); • to object to profiling activities based on our own legitimate interests; • to object to solely automated processing; and • to request that your data be transferred to a third party (data portability). In addition, where you have provided your consent to our processing of personal data, you can withdraw this at any time. In order to exercise any of these rights (including the right to withdraw your consent), please email privacy@derbyshirebats.org.uk. We may need to verify your identity before granting access or otherwise changing or correcting your information.Ending Your MembershipIf you wish to end your membership, you can do so by emailing the membership secretary: membership@derbyshirebats.org.uk.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICEWe change this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting a revised version and updating the ‘Effective Date’ above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed. We will provide you with reasonable prior notice of substantial changes in how we use your information, including by email, if you have provided an email address. If you disagree withthese changes, you can cancel your membership at any time and/or stop your use of our Services. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Notice.CONTACTPlease contact our data protection officer with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice. Please mark your questions or concerns, FAO: Data Protection Officer.DBCG c/o Calke AbbeyTicknallDerbyDE73 7LEprivacy@derbyshirebats.org.ukIf you have any questions or concerns regarding our notice or if you believe our notice or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you can file a complaint with our data protection officer listed above and we will respond to let you know who will be handling your matter and when you can expect a further response. We can request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue. We will keep records of your request and any resolution.If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you can approach your local data protection authority (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html).DISCLAIMERThe DBCG website contains hyperlinks to other websites. This information is supplied in good faith, in case it is of interest or use to DBCG website users. The DBCG is not responsible for the content or functionality of any of these external websites (although please let us know if a link is not working).Any access to another site from this site is independent of the DBCG. The DBCG has no control over the content of other sites and has not endorsed or approved the content of such sites.You should be aware that if an external website requests personal information from you (for example, in connection with an order for goods or services), this information is supplied to, stored and used by the company concerned. The DBCG will not be liable to you or any other person for loss or damage resulting directly or indirectly from any use of this site or any site linked to it.LEGAL MESSAGEThe information on this website has been provided as general information only. The DBCG cannot accept responsibility for loss occasioned after reliance placed on any of the contents of this website. The DBCG makes no warranty as to the accuracy of site information or contents.Your use of the DBCG website is governed by the conditions in this statement and passing beyond the homepage is deemed as acceptance of these conditions.If you have any concerns about any of the above please contact us. Twitter PolicyThe @derbyshirebats Twitter handle was created and is managed by Derbyshire Bat Conservation Group (DBCG), Registered Charity No. 1139339. The purpose of the account is to communicate with our audiences, including but not limited to the general public.Materials and/or comments posted on Twitter should be in keeping with this purpose.They should not reveal another person's protected information, or any other information protected by existing privacy laws. FollowingIf you follow us, you can expect an acceptable number of tweets from a voluntary organisation, covering the following:Alerts about new content on our other digital channels (news, publications, events, videos on the DBCG YouTube channel, publicity campaigns etc.)Relevant Information from our activitiesUpdates on bats in the newsOccasional live coverage of eventsWe do not automatically follow back new followers. Due to resources, we infrequently review our follower list and follow back accounts that aren't spam. Being followed back does not imply endorsement of any kind. AvailabilityWe are a voluntary organisation doing bat work in our spare time and our Trustees have full-time jobs. We will update and monitor our Twitter account as much as possible but there will be periods when we simply don't have time. Twitter may occasionally be unavailable and DBCG accepts no responsibility for lack of service due to Twitter downtime.Likes and RetweetsWe do not automatically like or retweet tweets where we have been mentioned.Retweets are not endorsements.Photographs: In accordance with our Partnership agreement with the Bat Conservation Trust and their good practice guidelines on bats and rabies, we will not re-tweet or like any photographs showing bats being handled without gloves. If you wish us to retweet photographs of bats in the hand, they must be in gloved hands. Likes and retweets does not imply endorsement of any kind.@Replies and Direct MessagesWe welcome feedback and ideas from all our followers, and endeavour to join the conversation where possible. However, we are not able to reply individually to all the messages we receive via Twitter.The usual ways of contacting DBCG for official correspondence are detailed in the Contact Us section of our website. Unfollow & Blocking usersDBCG reserves the right, but is not obliged to unfollow and / or block users from Twitter at any time, without prior notice, whenever such is deemed to be in violation of our Social Media Policy. DBCG also may, in extreme cases or where circumstances require it, report such users to the relevant authorities.DBCG thanks you in advance for your interaction with the Group's Twitter account and for your help in creating a safe and inspiring online community
Member Login
Email
Password
I've lost my password
Donate
If you would like to make a single donation towards conserving the bats of Derbyshire, you can donate any amount you wish using the donate button below. You will be taken to our PayPal page where you can make a donation using a credit or debit card.
Donate
Home
About Us
Membership
Records
Events
Bats in Derbyshire
Gallery
Bat Box
Bat Care
Walks
Autumn Swarming Conf
Training Events
News
Login
Members Area
Contact Us
Contact Details
Ask us to lead a bat walk or give a talk
Upcoming Plans or Development
Detailed Maps