http://www.brandborgwine.com/policies
Policies | Brandborg Wines
Cart
0
Home
Visit
News & Events
Club
Shop
Info
Back
Contact
Trade Assets
Cart
0
HomeVisitNews & Events
Coolest, Cool Climate Varietals
ClubShop
Info
Contact
Trade Assets
Website PoliciesTERMS OF USEWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Brandborg Vineyard & Winery's relationship with you in the context of this website.The term “Brandborg” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.Wine-Specific PoliciesYou must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from Brandborg Vineyard & Winery. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober adult (a person 21 years of age or older who is not intoxicated). Wines purchased from Brandborg are not for resale, and are for personal consumption only. Credit Card ChargesOrders are by credit card only. Our online store takes all major credit cards. Private payment information is never revealed to anyone at Brandborg Vineyard & Winery.States Authorized for Direct ShipmentDue to the ever-changing nature of wine shipping laws, we may be able to ship wines, directly or indirectly, to all states. If Brandborg is unable to ship directly to your state, we may be able to arrange for the sale and shipment of our products through a third party. Please note, when dealing through a third party, wine prices, discounts, and shipping costs may differ from those quoted by our website. Shipping CostsFederal Express and UPS are Brandborg's carriers of choice. Standard and Express shipping is provided by either UPS or Federal Express.Wine is a Delicate CommodityWine is a perishable commodity. Wine does not like extremes of temperature: hot humid summer and cold winter weather may adversely affect the condition of your wine during shipment. Brandborg is not responsible for, and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.PRIVACY POLICYProtecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site.Sharing of personal information – we don’t do it.Under no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. All the information you give us is completely private and used solely for order processing and shipping. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list.Newsletter Opt-OutIf you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list. Also, under the member area, you will find a simple form to unsubscribe.Consumer inquiries and privacy.If you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our email list, simply send us an email.Protecting your information.All the payment information we collect is done so under SSL – a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.RETURNS & CANCELLATIONSWe may replace or refund you for any bottle of wine that is damaged, flawed or that the customer finds unsatisfactory. We may ask the customer to return the unfinished portion of the original bottle for replacement. By law, we cannot accept returns of alcoholic beverages unless the product is corked, or flawed. We are also unable to accept return of wine that was damaged due to adverse weather conditions during shipment, or wine that is ordered in error. Please send an email to info@brandborgwinery.com to arrange for the return of corked or flawed product.Once the wine is received we can refund your credit card account for the cost of the wine less shipping and handling. If the original shipment was damaged or flawed you will receive a full refund, including shipping and handling charges.
Thanks for signing up!
Join our Mailing List
Email Address
First Name
Sign Up
Brandborg Wines
345 1st Street,
Elkton, OR, 97436
541-584-2870
info@brandborgwine.com
Hours
Mon 11am to 5pm
Tue 11am to 5pm
Wed 11am to 5pm
Thu 11am to 5pm
Fri 11am to 5pm
Sat 11am to 5pm
Sun 11am to 5pm
TradeShippingPolicies
Copyright Brandborg Vineyard & WinerySite by Vinbound