http://www.funset.com/terms.asp
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
ACTIVITIES & GAMES
FUNSET GRILL
BIRTHDAY PARTIES & GROUPS
FUNDRAISING & DONATIONS
INFORMATION /JOIN OUR TEAM
HOLLYWOOD
CINEMA
REWARDS
HOTELDISCOUNTS
Terms of Use
Welcome to www.funset.com.
By entering and navigating this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the following Terms of Use.
Users who do not agree should not access this site.
Privacy Policy
Funset Boulevard and Marcus Theatres are committed to protecting your privacy.
Collection of information about visitors to this site is governed by our Privacy Policy.
Links to Third Party Websites
This website may contain links to other websites.
Marcus Theatres is not responsible for and does not warrant the suitability, accuracy, privacy practices or content of such websites.
We are providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any links does not imply endorsement of the linked website(s) by Marcus Theatres.
Trademarks
Funset Boulevard®,
Funset Boulevard and design®,
Marcus®, Marcus Cinemas®, Marcus Theatres®
and their respective logos are registered trademarks of The Marcus Corporation.
Additional product or association names or logos contained on this site may be trademarks of The Marcus Corporation or of third parties who have consented to the use of their trademarks, names and logos on this site.
You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name, trademarks or other proprietary information.
You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transit, distribute, license or modify the trademarks and logos contained on this site in any way for any purpose without the prior written consent of The Marcus Corporation.
Copyright
The content of this website is made available as a travel resource for your personal, noncommercial use.
The text, graphics, images, downloads, logos and icons found on this site are the property of Marcus Theatres Corporation.
You acknowledge and agree that the website content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks or other proprietary rights and laws.
The use of any material from this website on any other internet, intranet, web or other site or computer environment is prohibited.
You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, publish, license or create derivative works from this website or use the website content or sell any information, digital assets, software, products or services found on or obtained from this website without the prior written consent of Marcus Theatres Corporation.
Reservation of Rights
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Marcus Theatres Corporation., The Marcus Corporation and their subsidiaries and affiliates.
About Marcus Theatres
Marcus Theatres owns and operates Funset Boulevard.
Marcus Theatres is a trade name describing the subsidiary companies of Marcus Theatres Corporation, that are involved in the entertainment business in the United States.
Marcus Theatres Corporation is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Marcus Corporation, an NYSE corporation.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our terms of use, please contact us.
Terms of Use  |
Privacy Policy   |
Contact Us  |
FAQ   |
Gift Cards   |
Directions
|
Site Map
Funset Boulevard
3916 W College Ave  •
Appleton,
WI
54914
Phone: 920-993-0909
•
Fax: 920-993-0912
•
funset@marcustheatres.com
©  2020  Marcus Theatres All Rights Reserved