http://www.autostrade.it/en/privacy
About Us Our Network Investor relations Sustainability Safety Media and communication Careers Trucks
Search
Italian Facebook YouTube Instagram
Contacts Traffic, routes and tolls Closure Forecasts and Works Unpaid tolls Breakdown assistance Weatherforecast
About Us
About Us History Governance Management About Us Autostrade per l'Italia Master Agreement Profile
Our Network
Our Network Investment plan and ongoing measures Variante di Valico Works approval procedure Impact on traffic Noise abatement Traffic management Winter operations Giove Clear
Investor relations
Financial Reports Financial Press Releases Bondholders Retail bonds Annual General Meetings Financial Calendar Rating Contact us
Sustainability
Introduction Values and Governance Strategy Dialogue with Institutions and territory Areas of Work
Safety
Safety Paving and draining asphalt Safety Measures, Technologies and Tools Service Safety and Quality Council Safety in tunnel
Media and communication
Press Office Corporate press releases Media Gallery Advertising Campaigns Solidarity initiatives Agorà Ad Moving
Careers
Trucks
Menù
About Us About Us History Governance Articles of Association Procedure for Market Announcements Internal Dealing Legislative Decree nr. 231/2001 Anticorruption Policy Management About Us About Us Autostrade per l'Italia Master Agreement Profile Our Network Our Network Our Network Our Network Our Network Investment plan and ongoing measuresInterventions pursuant to the 1997 agreement A1 Modena - Bologna A1 Casalecchio - Sasso Marconi A1 Sasso Marconi - Barberino A1 Barberino - Incisa A1 Barberino - Incisa A1 Orte - Roma Nord A8 Milano - Gallarate A14 Bologna B.go Panigale - San LazzaroInterventions pursuant to the IV additional act of 2004 A1 Roma Nord - Settebagni A4 Milano Est - Bergamo A8 Nuova Fiera di Milano A9 Lainate - Como Grandate A8 Barriera di Milano nord A14 Rimini Nord - Porto S. Elpidio Other interventions New Junctions pursuant to the IV additional act of 2004Interventions pursuant to the 2008 agreement Projects pursuant to the 2008 Single Convention Variante di Valico Works approval procedure Impact on traffic Noise abatement Information and Public Consultation Italian legislation European legislation The Map and Action Plan in your Area Traffic management Winter operations Giove Clear Investor relations Financial Reports Presentations Financial Press Releases Bondholders Bondholders' meetings Retail bonds Annual General Meetings Financial Calendar Rating Contact us Sustainability Introduction Values and Governance Sustainability Committee Ethic officer Committee for social promotion and solidarity projects Steering Committee for health and safety at work Strategy Dialogue with Institutions and territory Areas of Work Safety Service quality Protection and development of the territories Environment Human Resources Control of the supply chain Diversity and equal opportunities Solidarity and social promotion Funding of a social project Safety Safety Paving and draining asphalt Safety Measures, Technologies and Tools Service Safety and Quality Council Service Safety and Quality Council Safety in tunnel Media and communication Press Office Corporate press releases Media Gallery Advertising Campaigns Solidarity initiatives Agorà Ad Moving Media Domination Campaigns and data Contacts Careers Trucks
Twittertwitter Facebookfacebook Mailmail Printprint
Privacy
Information provided on navigation and use of cookies on the Autostrade per l'Italia website pursuant to art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196/2003
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A., hereinafter "ASPI" hereby provides the following information on the processing of the data of users navigating its website www.autostrade.it (hereinafter "Website"). For that purpose, this page describes how the Website is managed, as it relates to visitors. Website pages may contain links to the web pages of third parties. However, this data security declaration does not extend to them. This information is only provided for the ASPI website and not for other websites that may be accessed via links.
1. PROCESS CONTROLLER
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A., company directed and coordinated by Atlantia S.p.A., with registered office in Roma, Via A. Bergamini 50, 00159, tax code, Rome company Register and VAT number 07516911000. The updated list of ASPI Parties responsible for processing data is published on the Website. In ASPI, the data of users/visitors may be processed by employees of the structures indicated in that list, appointed to do so and under the direct authority of their respective process Managers.
2. DATA PROVIDED VOLUNTARILY BY USERS/VISITORS
No personal data is acquired by the Website unless knowingly provided by the user. If, on connecting to the Website, users/visitors send their personal data to access certain services, or to make requests by electronic mail, this means that ASPI acquires the sender's email address and/or any other personal data; this will be processed solely to respond to the request made or to supply the service. For further information please consult personal data processing information provided on services in the Website areas "MyPage" and "Careers".
COOKIE POLICY ASPI collects technical information on Website user navigation. In particular, during normal operations, the computer and IT systems and software procedures used to operate the Website, acquire certain data transmitted implicitly when using web communication protocols or useful to manage and optimise the system better. This data is only used to obtain anonymous statistics on the use of the Website, to check it is operating correctly. A cookie is a short string of text sent to the user's browser and possibly saved on the person's computer. Cookies are generally sent each time a person visits the website. Each cookie is unique, related to the browser and the device used to access the Website. In general, their purpose is to improve how the Website works and the experience had by the user when he/she visits it. ASPI does not use cookies to transmit personal data. Cookies are used in an aggregated way and do not identify the user; they enable observation of the Website visitor's navigation habits in order to improve the service offered and make navigation more secure and efficient. ASPI also uses cookies to provide contextualised information to the users of www.autostrade.it who registered, to obtain access statistics. In the website, www.autostrade.it, cookies are used for the following purposes and classification.
SYSTEM COOKIES AND TECHNICAL COOKIES The so-called "Technical Cookies" are those used to improve Website use quality based on the characteristics of the browser used or, alternatively, on any other tool used to access the internet. These cookies allow the user to navigate the website and use its features, for example, to gain access to its secure areas. Without these cookies, it might not be possible to provide authentication services and a correctly functioning Website. These cookies are not defined by ASPI, but in some cases are generated and used automatically by the software platforms used. However, they are to be considered as having the sole purpose of general website functionality.
COOKIES TO ANALYSE STATISTICS: PERFORMANCE, NAVIGATION "Cookie Analytics" are used to analyse Website performance, pages visited, navigation times and other useful information for improving the Website itself. ASPI uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service supplied by Google® which sends cookies to the device used by the visitor. Information generated by cookies on visitor use of the Website (including IP address) is transmitted and stored by Google®; it uses the information to assess Website use by the visitor and prepare reports on its activity. Google® can also transfer this information to third parties, if required by law, or if the data is processed by third parties on behalf of Google®. For further information on Google Analytics please consult the relative privacy policy for Google Analytics (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=it) NB: No advertising cookies, also known as "Profiling cookies" are used.
HOW TO DISABLE COOKIES ON YOUR BROWSER Visitors may modify browser settings to block cookies or be alerted when they are sent to the device. They should refer to the browser instructions manual or help screen to find out how to regulate or modify browser settings. The following are provided as an example:
Internet Explorer http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Safari https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/it/cookies/
Chrome https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=it
Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Attivare%20e%20disattivare%20i%20cookie
Opera http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/it/cookies.html
For different devices or browsers, the visitor must make sure that each device browser is set correctly to respect the user's cookie preferences. If a user should choose to disable all cookies - even those needed, then both functionality and performance will be affected and this could cause navigation problems on the ASPI Website.
3. PROCESSING METHOD
Personal data will be processed by the computer/electronically, for purposes related to and/or instrumental to browsing the website and for the time strictly needed to achieve the purposes for which it was collected. The data will be processed by means of tools and/or procedures designed to ensure its confidentiality and security.
4. RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
The data subjects to whom the personal data relates have the right to obtain confirmation of the existence or not of that data, to be informed of its content and origin, verify its accuracy, or request additions, updates or amendments (Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003). Pursuant to the same article, data subjects have the right to request the cancellation, transformation into an anonymous format, or restriction of any data processed in breach of the law, and object to processing, in all cases, for legitimate reasons. Requests must be sent to the email address info@autostrade.it.
Information on the processing of data needed to register in the "MY PAGE" area of Autostrade per l'Italia pursuant to art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196/2003
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A., hereinafter "ASPI" provides the following information on the processing of the data of users registering with the "MY PAGE" area of ASPI. Website pages may contain external links to the web pages of third parties. However, this data security declaration does not extend to them.
1. DATA AND HOW TO REGISTER
Information requested during registration will be used to allow access to the online services of the "MY PAGE" area (hereinafter the "services" or "online services") of ASPI which - to ensure the proper conduct of all activities connected with or instrumental to the provision of its services - may, if necessary, communicate the users' personal data (hereinafter also "users" or "user") to other companies of the Gruppo Atlantia S.p.A it belongs to. Additionally, since registration is a prerequisite for access to online services, users' personal data, after the service has been selected and more information has been provided, will only be processed for purposes connected with and/or instrumental to the chosen services of ASPI. The data will not be disclosed or communicated in any way to third party companies outside the Group. To access the Services, the user needs to register, writing his/her name, email address and password to access any of the Area's specific services, by filling in the form which will appear on screen when the "MY Page" option is selected, leading to "Registration", followed by "Login". When registering, the user will enter an email address, which will then be used as the "Username", and a "Password". Username and Password are indispensable for accessing the platform and using the Services. Users may, at any time change their Passwords by following the instructions provided by the system. The user is the only party responsible for maintaining the secrecy and confidentiality of their Username and/or Password and, consequently, solely responsible for all use of his/her Username and/or Password, whether authorised or not authorised by the user. Additionally, the user takes sole responsibility for all activities within the services and agrees to indemnify and hold ASPI harmless for any claim, demand or threat relating to or arising from the use or abuse of taking part in the services. In relation to the above, the user must notify ASPI immediately, at the email address website@autostrade.it, of any unauthorised use by third parties of their Username and/or Password, or of any other security breach they become aware of, hereto agreeing to indemnify and hold ASPI harmless of any and all claims, and for damages, proposed and/or arising, directly or indirectly, from the above-mentioned use or abuse by any person.
2. HOW DATA IS PROVIDED
When registering with the MY PAGE area of the ASPI Website, the user is required to enter certain data (name and email address). Entering that data is obligatory. If the person should decide not to provide that information, he/she cannot access services offered by the MY PAGE area. Once registered, the user is free to provide any data possibly needed to use the service chosen. It should be noted that failure to provide such data may make it impossible to obtain what was requested. That data, including the email address, may only be used by Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A. for the aforementioned service purposes, in compliance with what the user subscribed to when they registered in the ASPI MY PAGE area.
3. PROCESS CONTROLLER
Autostrade per l'Italia S.p.A., company directed and coordinated by Atlantia S.p.A., with registered office in Roma, Via A. Bergamini 50, 00159, tax code, Rome company Register and VAT number 07516911000. The updated list of ASPI Parties responsible for processing data is published in the Website. In ASPI, the data of users/visitors may be processed by employees of the structures indicated in that list, appointed to do so and under the direct authority of their respective process Managers.
4. COOKIE POLICY
ASPI collects technical information on Website user navigation. In particular, during normal operations, the computer and IT systems and software procedures used to operate the Website acquire certain data transmitted implicitly when using web communication protocols or useful to manage and optimise the system better. This data is only used to obtain anonymous statistics on the use of the Website, to check it is operating correctly. A cookie is a short string of text sent to the user's browser and possibly saved on the person's computer. Cookies are generally sent each time a person visits the website. Each cookie is unique related to the browser and the device used to access the Website. In general, the purpose of cookies is to improve website functionality and user experience. ASPI does not use cookies to transmit personal data. Cookies are used in an aggregated way and do not identify the user; they enable observation of the Website visitor's navigation habits in order to improve the service offered and make navigation more secure and efficient. ASPI also uses cookies to provide contextualised information to the users of www.autostrade.it who register, to obtain access statistics. In the website, www.autostrade.it, cookies are used for the following purposes and classification.
SYSTEM COOKIES AND TECHNICAL COOKIES The so-called "Technical Cookies" are those used to improve Website use quality based on the characteristics of the browser used on the computer or, alternatively, on any other tool used to access internet. These cookies allow the user to navigate the website and use its features, for example, to gain access to its secure areas. Without these cookies, it might not be possible to provide authentication services and a correctly functioning Website. These cookies are not defined by ASPI, but in some cases are generated and used automatically by the software platforms used. However, they are to be considered as having a sole purpose of improving website functionality.
COOKIES TO ANALYSE STATISTICS: PERFORMANCE, NAVIGATION "Cookie Analytics" are used to analyse Website performance, pages visited, navigation times and other useful information for improving the Website itself. ASPI uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service supplied by Google® which sends cookies to the device used by the visitor. Information generated by cookies on visitor use of the Website (including IP address) is transmitted and stored by Google®, which uses the information to assess Website use by the visitor and prepare reports on its activity. Google® can also transfer this information to third parties, if required by law, or if the data is processed by third parties on behalf of Google®. For further information on Google Analytics please consult the relative privacy policy for Google Analytics (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=it) NB: No advertising cookies, also known as "Profiling cookies" are used.
HOW TO DISABLE COOKIES FROM THE BROWSER Visitors may modify their browser settings to block cookies or be alerted when they are sent to their device. They should refer to the browser instructions manual or help screen to find out how to regulate or modify browser settings. The following are provided as an example: - Internet Explorer http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies - Safari https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/it/cookies/ - Chrome https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=it - Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Attivare%20e%20disattivare%20i%20cookie - Opera http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.00/it/cookies.html For different devices or browsers, visitors must make sure that each device browser is set correctly to respect their cookie preferences. If a user should choose to disable all cookies - even those needed, functionality and performance will be affected and this could cause navigation problems on the ASPI Website.
5. PROCESSING METHOD
Personal data will be processed by computer/electronically, for purposes related to and/or instrumental to browsing the website and to supply the services requested and for the time strictly needed to achieve the purposes it was collected for. The data will be processed by means of tools and/or procedures designed to ensure its confidentiality and safety.
6. RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
The data subjects to whom the personal data relates have the right to obtain confirmation of the existence or not of that data, to be informed of its content and origin, verify its accuracy, or request additions, updates or amendments (Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003). Pursuant to the same article, data subjects have the right to request the cancellation, transformation into an anonymous format, or restriction of any data processed in breach of the law, and object to its processing, in all cases, for legitimate reasons. Requests must be sent to the email address info@autostrade.it.