http://www.oldforgecamping.com/terms-conditions/
Water Safari Resort
Skip to Content
Home |
Property Map |
Directions |
Gifts |
Employment |
Contact |
1-800-CAMPING|e-Club
Home
Directions
Resort
Old Forge Camping
General Information & Policies
Amenities
Activities
Property Map
Gallery
Directions
Contact
Accommodations
Camping
Cabins
Cabins Accessible
Cottages
Cottages Accessible
RV Sites
Tent Sites
Vacation House
Winter Seasonals
Reservation and Cancellation Policies
Storage Units
Snowmobile Trailer Parking
Specials & Packages
Specials & Packages
Current Specials
Spring Value Season
Spring
Summer
Fall
Fall Value Season
Winter
Gifts
Stay ‘N Play Packages
Events
Campground Events
Local Area Events
Recreation
Water Safari
Calypso’s Cove
Experience Old Forge
Attractions
Dining
Shopping
Sports and Recreation
Meet & Gather
Meet & Gather
Youth Groups
Corporate Meetings
Teambuilding & Activities
Family Reunions & Milestones
Weddings
Group Request Form
Employment
Blog
Contact
Book Your Stay
Old Forge Camping Resort
Water's Edge Inn
Check-In
Check-Out
Promo Code
Guests
1
2
3
4
5
Check Availability
Check-In
Check-Out
Promo Code
Guests
1
2
3
4
5
6
Check Availability
Terms & Conditions
Home    Terms & Conditions
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Old Forge Camping Resort’s website.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS OLD FORGE CAMPING RESORT SITE.
By using the Old Forge Camping Resort Site, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use the Old Forge Camping Resort Site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these terms of use at any time in accordance with the procedures set forth below in the paragraph labeled "Amendment."
Restrictions On Use Of Materials
All materials contained in any Old Forge Camping Resort Site are the copyrighted property of Old Forge Properties, Inc., or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or third-party licensors. All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress are proprietary to Old Forge Properties, Inc., or its affiliates or licensees. No material from any Old Forge Camping Resort Site or any Internet site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by us may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that (i) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (ii) you make no modifications to the materials, (iii) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, or brands, and (iv) you do not download quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from any Old Forge Camping Resort Site. The use of any Old Forge Camping Resort material on any other Web site or computer environment is prohibited.
In the event you download software from any Old Forge Camping Resort Site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by us or third-party licensors for your personal, noncommercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but we (or our third-party licensors) retain full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, auction, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form.
Submissions
We are pleased to hear from our visitors and welcome your comments regarding our products and services. Unfortunately, however, our long-standing company policy does not allow us to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions, or materials other than those that we have specifically requested. We hope you will understand that it is the intent of this policy to avoid the possibility of future misunderstandings when projects developed by our professional staff might seem to others to be similar to their own creative work. Please do not send us any unsolicited original creative materials such as stories or ideas, screenplays, or original artwork. While we do value your feedback on our services and products, we request that you be specific in your comments on those services and products, and not submit any creative ideas, suggestions, or materials (unless specifically requested by us).
If, through participation in certain activities, you send any material (e.g., postings to chat, boards, or contests) or, despite our request, you send us unsolicited creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information (collectively, the "Submissions"), the Submissions shall be deemed, and shall remain, our property. None of the Submissions shall be subject to any obligation of confidentiality on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Submissions. Without limitation of the foregoing, we shall exclusively own all now-known or hereafter existing rights to the Submissions of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions or any other person or entity.
Forums And Public Communication
"Forum" means a chat area, message board, instant messaging, mobile messaging or e-mail function (including, but not limited to, electronic greeting cards) offered as part of any Old Forge Camping Resort Site. If you participate in any Forum within a Old Forge Camping Resort Site, you agree to follow our terms set forth below.
You acknowledge that anything you submit to a Old Forge Camping Resort Site by way of any Forum is routed through Old Forge Camping Resort's servers and the Internet and that, therefore, you have no expectation of privacy with regard to any such submission. You acknowledge that the Forums and features on Old Forge Camping Resort Sites are forums for public and not private communications. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online, for example, via message boards or chat, that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online; you make such disclosures at your own risk.
Users or visitors shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages in the Forums. We are not responsible for the content or opinions posted or sent by users in any Forum. You take responsibility for postings under your username and use the information provided in the Forums at your own risk. We reserve the right to remove or edit content from any Forum at any time and for any reason although we have no duty to do so.
When participating in a Forum, never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated with in any chat room, message board, or other user-generated content area. Information obtained in a Forum may not be reliable, and it is not a good idea to take any action, including to trade or make any investment decisions, based solely or largely on information you cannot confirm. We cannot be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information, and shall not be responsible for any trading, investment, or any other decisions made based on such information.
House Rules
The following is a list of the House Rules of conduct for the Old Forge Camping Resort Sites. By using the Old Forge Camping Resort Sites you agree not to do any of the following:
Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any data, text, message, or computer file that we deem to be: (a) defamatory, abusive, harassing, insulting, threatening, or that could be deemed to be stalking; (b) bigoted, hateful, or racially offensive; (c) vulgar, obscene, or sexually explicit (language or images); or that (d) encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them;
Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any data, text, message, computer file, or other material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any domestic or international law, rule, or regulation, including but not limited to: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; (c) any confidentiality obligation;
Advertise or sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicit others or use any Forum for commercial purposes of any kind,
Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any software or other computer files that contain a virus or other harmful component;
Impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity;
Engage in antisocial, disruptive, or destructive acts, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet;
Delete any legal notices, disclaimers, or proprietary notices such as copyright or trademark symbols, or modify any logos that you do not own or have express permission to modify;
Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit material or make statements that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any Forum. Additionally, you may use electronic greeting cards or mobile messaging for noncommercial purposes only. You must furnish your actual e-mail address or mobile phone number in order to send a card or message. Any business use, "remailing," or other high-volume application is strictly prohibited. You are not permitted to send cards or messages using an automated program. Electronic greeting cards and mobile messages may not contain inappropriate language or images or copyrighted material (without the consent of the copyright holder) or encourage illegal activity. Electronic greeting cards and mobile messages that violate these guidelines will not be delivered.
We reserve the right to remove any material, and if we deem appropriate, to turn over to law enforcement officials, any material, including message, e-mail, or posting, that is in violation of these House Rules. We also reserve the right to remove messages, e-mails, or postings that do not pertain to the designated topic or theme of the Forum.
We also reserve the right to comply with any order or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement officials regarding the identification of any user alleged to be using a Old Forge Camping Resort site in violation of the law.
Content Linked To Any Old Forge Camping Resort Site
You should be aware that when you are on a Old Forge Camping Resort Site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Old Forge Camping Resort pages that take you outside of our service. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement or a search result, the click may take you off the Old Forge Camping Resort Site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and content partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding relationship. You acknowledge that when you click on a link that leaves a Old Forge Camping Resort Site the site you will land on is not controlled by us and different terms of use and privacy policy may apply. By clicking on links to other sites, you acknowledge that Old Forge Camping Resort is not responsible for those sites. We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to any Old Forge Camping Resort Site, although we are under no obligation to do so.
We make no representations concerning the content of sites listed in any of our directories. Consequently, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in sites listed in our search results or otherwise linked to a Old Forge Camping Resort Site.
Disclaimer
The materials in the Old Forge Camping Resort sites are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement. We do not warrant that the functions contained in the materials on any Old Forge Camping Resort site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any Old Forge Camping Resort site or the servers that make such materials available are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on any Old Forge Camping Resort site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
We explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from any Old Forge Camping Resort Site. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from any Old Forge Camping Resort Site or third-party content on our sites. We do not endorse any of the merchandise, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party sites or content. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and third-party content. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
Indemnification
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your member name(s), password(s), and your account, as well as all activities that occur under your account. You hereby indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates and our officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, licensors, and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these terms of use or claims arising from your account. You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
Limitation Of Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, any Old Forge Camping Resort site or materials or functions on any such site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you, if any, or $100 (whichever is less) for accessing or participating in any activity related to any Old Forge Camping Resort site.
Amendment
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these terms of use at any time. In the event that we do so, we will notify you of any such change, modification, addition, or deletion by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the any such change, modification, addition, or deletion on the Web sites covered by these terms of use. Any such change, modification, addition, or deletion will be effective upon the earlier of ten (10) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of such notice on the Web sites covered by these terms of use. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes, modifications, additions, or deletions described in the notice.
Termination
These terms of use are effective until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of all Old Forge Camping Resort Sites and destroying all materials obtained from any and all such sites and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under these terms of use or otherwise. In the event that you terminate these terms of use, you agree to notify us of such termination by sending notice of such termination by certified United States mail, postage pre-paid to:
Member Services
Old Forge Camping Resort
3183 State Route 28 Old Forge, NY 13420
We may immediately terminate these terms of use with respect to you (including your access to any and all Old Forge Camping Resort Sites) without cause and without notice to you in our sole discretion. Upon termination, you must cease use of all Old Forge Camping Resort Sites and destroy all materials obtained from such sites and all copies thereof, whether made under these terms of use or otherwise.
We have adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users who are repeat infringers of copyright.
General Provisions
These terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Herkimer County, New York, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of these terms of use shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
COVID-19 Update For Our Valued GuestsClick Here For Full Details
+
Join our eClub today!
X
Stay ‘N Play
Current Specials
Apply Now
Book Now!
1-800-CAMPINGStay ‘N PlayCurrent SpecialsBook NowHomeDirectionsGiftsEmploymentContacteClubResort
General Information & Policies Amenities Activities Property Map Gallery Directions Contact
Accommodations
Cabins Cabins Accessible Cottages Cottages Accessible RV Sites Tent Sites Vacation House Winter Seasonals Reservation and Cancellation Policies Storage Units Snowmobile Trailer Parking
Specials & Packages
Current Specials Spring Value Season Spring Summer Fall Fall Value Season Winter Stay ‘N Play Packages Gifts
Events
Campground Events Local Area Events
Recreation
Water Safari Calypso’s Cove Experience Old Forge
Attractions Dining Shopping Sports and Recreation
Meet & Gather
Youth Groups Corporate Meetings Teambuilding & Activities Family Reunions & Milestones Weddings Group Request Form
About UsMedia CenterGuest FeedbackBlogInsider Tips & FAQContest Rules