http://www.volunteerabroadfree.com/privacy-policy.html/
Privacy Policy
VolunteerAbroadFree.com (“This website”) operates this site it is this website’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, this website collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. this website’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how this website’s visitors use its website. From time to time, this website may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
This website also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. This website does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to this website’s websites choose to interact with this website in ways that require this website to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that this website gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we may ask visitors who sign up for updates to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with this website – by purchasing access to products or services, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, this website collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with this website. This website does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
This website may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, this website may monitor the most popular pages on the site. This website may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, this website does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
This website discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on this website’s behalf or to provide services available at this website’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using this website’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. this website will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, this website discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when this website believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of this website, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an this website and have supplied your email address, this website may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with this website and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. This website takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. This website uses cookies to help this website identify and track visitors, their usage of this website website, and their website access preferences. This website’s visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using this website, with the drawback that certain features of this website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, this website may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in this website’s sole discretion. This website encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Terms of Service:
The VolunteerAbroadFree.com website (“This Website”) is a hosted service operated by VolunteerAbroadFree.com (“this website”). Any use of the Website is subject to the following Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions”), as well as to this website’s Privacy Policy, all of which are incorporated by reference into these Terms and Conditions. Your use of the Website will constitute your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Responsibility of Contributors. If you post comments on this website’s blog, post material to the Website, post links on the Website, or otherwise make material available by means of the Website (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content in question constitutes text, graphics, an audio file, or computer software. By making Content available, you represent and warrant that:
The downloading, copying and use of the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including but not limited to the copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights, of any third party;
If your employer has rights to intellectual property you create, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or make available the Content, including but not limited to any software, or (ii) secured from your employer a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content;
You have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
The Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
The Content is not spam, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
The Content is not obscene, libelous, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party; and
You have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by this website or otherwise.
By submitting Content to this website, you grant this website a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for thepurpose of displaying, distributing and promoting this website. If you delete Content, this website will usereasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable, and that anything you post online might be available for view to the public forever in the InternetArchive.org.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, this website has the right (though not the obligation) to, in this website’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in this website’s reasonable opinion, violates any this website policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Website to any individual or entity for any reason, in this website’s sole discretion. This website will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. This website has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, this website does not represent or imply that it endorses the
material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Website may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Website may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. This website disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Website, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which this website links, and that link to this website. This website does not have any control over those third party websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a website or webpage, this website does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. This website disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of any other websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. As this website asks others to respect its intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by this website violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify this website in accordance with this website’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (”DMCA”) Policy. This website may, in its discretion, make an attempt to respond to such notices, but cannot guarantee a response. If this website does respond, such response may include an action as required or appropriate of removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. In the case of a visitor who may infringe or repeatedly infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of this website or others, this website may, in its discretion, terminate or deny access to and use of the Website. In the case of such termination, this website will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to this website.
Trademarks. This website’s original components, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with this Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of this website or this website’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any this website or third-party trademarks.
Changes. The Website, including without limitation all content there available and these Terms and Conditions, may be changed at the sole discretion of this website and without notice. You are bound by any such updates or changes, including but not limited to those affecting these Terms and Conditions, and so should periodically review these Terms and Conditions.
Disclaimer of warranties. Except as otherwise expressly stated, all content posted to or available from the Website is provided “as is”, and this website, its suppliers and its licensors make no representations or warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement of proprietary rights. You understand and agree that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, this Website at your own discretion and risk, and that this website, its suppliers and its licensors will have no liability or responsibility for any damage to your computer system or data that results from the download or use of such content or services. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above may not apply to you.
Limitation of liability. Except as otherwise expressly stated, in no event will this website, its suppliers or its licensors be liable to you or any other party for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, regardless of the basis or nature of the claim, resulting from any use of the Website, or the contents thereof or of any hyperlinked website including without limitation any lost profits, business interruption, loss of data or otherwise, even if this website, its suppliers or its licensors were expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will the aggregate liability for any and all of your claims against this website, its suppliers and its licensors arising out of or related to use of the Website, or the contents thereof or of any hyperlinked website exceed the amounts actually paid by you to this website during the 12-month period prior to the date a claim is made. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations may not apply to you. The parties agree that this Section 11 represents a reasonable allocation of risk.
General Representation and Warranty. You represent and warrant that your use of this Website will be in accordance with this website’s Privacy Policy, with these Terms and Conditions, with any applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside, and with any other applicable policy or terms and conditions.
Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless this website, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of this Website, including but not limited to your violation of any representation or warranty contained in these Terms and Conditions.
Miscellaneous. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between this website and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of this website, or by the posting by this website of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, these Terms and Conditions, any access to or use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the state of Washington, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of these Terms and Conditions or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under these Terms and Conditions to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms; this website may assign its rights under these Terms and Conditions without condition. These Terms and Conditions will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Note: This Privacy Policy and Terms of Service notice is revised versions of notices made available free by the kind folks at wordpress.com. They said that they spent a lot of money and time on the notices, and other people shouldn’t need to do the same.
How to Volunteer Abroad for Free
Teach Abroad
Organic Farms
Orphanages
Medical Trips
South America
Nepal
Thailand
Africa
India
Asia
Intern Abroad
Teach English
Students
Gap Year
Scholarships
Loan Forgiveness
Volunteer Opportunities
Ideas
Management Tips
Software
Appreciation Quotes
Travel Health Insurance
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2000 - 2011 by VolunteerAbroadFree.com
WordPress Admin