http://www.getthere.com/cookies-policy/
Home
Why GetThere
Features
Events
Resources
What's New
Contact
Cookie Policy
Last modified: October 20, 2015
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a piece of data that is stored on a computer, tablet or other device ("device") used to browse the Internet. Cookies placed when you visit the GetThere booking tool (the "tool") do not recognize you personally as an individual; they only recognize the device you are using. Cookies do not harm your device in any way but they do allow for several important features on the tool.
Our cookie policy
To make full use of the tool, your device should accept cookies, as much of our online functionality has been developed specifically to only work via the use of cookies.
Cookies placed via the tool do not store any of your personal or sensitive information (such as your name, address or payment details). The cookies used enable you to use certain features of the tool (for instance, they allow you to access secure areas of the tool). Without these cookies, services you have requested could not be provided.
GetThere may also use third party tracking technologies or activities arising out of them in conjunction with the tool for analytics purposes. For example, this site may use Adobe’s analytics and on-site personalization services.
See http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html for more information about Adobe technology.
To learn about opting out of the use of Adobe cookies for analytics and on-site personalization, visit http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html. After your opt-out of the use of Adobe cookies for analytics and on-site personalization, Adobe will no longer collect and analyze information via cookies associated with your browser for these services. When you opt-out, Adobe will place opt-out cookies on your browser. If you delete your cookies, change browsers, or change devices, you will need to repeat this opt-out process. Also, please note that this opt-out process will work only if your browser is set to accept all cookies.
There are two types of cookies used within the tool:
Persistent state cookies, which are data that is stored on a device’s hard drive that will allow you to save certain information and preferences on the tool. An example of this would be our "Save Password" feature if enabled by your organization within the tool. No personally identifiable information is stored by a persistent state cookie. The use of persistent state cookies such as the "Save Password" feature is not required in order to use the tool.
Session cookies, which are stored within the volatile memory of your device during your browsing session and are deleted as soon as you close your browser. The use of session cookies within the tool provides security by preventing the interception of your transaction. No personal information is stored by a session cookie. The use of session cookies within the tool is required in order to navigate between pages and complete a booking.
Managing cookies
What happens if I don't allow cookies?
If cookies aren’t enabled on your device, your experience on the tool may be limited (for instance, you may not be able to access secure areas of the tool).
How do I disable/enable cookies?
You can disable/enable cookies via your Internet browser. We have explained how you may do this via some of the main Internet browsers below.
Google Chrome
In the settings menu, select "show advanced settings" at the bottom of the page
Select the "content settings" button in the privacy section
The top section of the page that then appears tells you about cookies and allows you to set the cookies you want. It also allows you to clear any cookies currently stored.
Mozilla Firefox
In the tools menu, select "options"
Select the privacy tab in the options box
From the dropdown choose, "Use Custom Settings for History". This will bring up the options for cookies and you can choose to enable or disable them by clicking the checkbox.
Internet Explorer 6+
In the tools menu, select "Internet Options"
Click the "privacy" tab
You will see a privacy settings slider which has six settings that allow you to control the number of cookies that will be placed: Block All Cookies, High, Medium High, Medium (default level), Low, and Accept All Cookies.
All other browsers
For information on how to manage cookies via other browsers, please consult your documentation or online help files.
User Agreement & Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Sabre GLBL Inc.
Careers
Blog