https://www.brignoliarmi.com/privacy-policy-en
By using this site you agree to the use of cookies for analytics and personalised contents
Read more
×
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Brignoli Armi complies with the rules and the spirit of the Italian privacy law.This means that it protects the privacy of anyone dealing with Brignoli Armi, be they employees, suppliers, customers, potential customers or just visitors to the web site.
PROVIDING PERSONAL DATA
If a visitor to the web site decides to volunteer any information defined as personal by the Italian law D.L.G. 196/2003, this can only be done subject to the rules and procedures specified on the Site that comply with the aforementioned law D.L.G. 196/2003. Personal data are provided entirely at the discretion of each visitor to the Site.
SURFING THE SITE AND RECORDS OF ACCESS TO AND USE OF COOKIES AND LOG FILES
Brignoli Armi uses cookie technology to obtain statistical data on the use of its Site. A cookie is a small data element transmitted by the web site contacted and saved on the hard disk by the browser in your computer. The Brignoli Armi site traces the cookie's path (what is called "click stream" activity, i.e. it records the path visitors to the site follow as they go from one page to another) without this activity being able to know the users accessing the site or identify them in any way, simply to collect statistical data on how the site is used, e.g. which pages are visited most, which pages are downloaded, etc. We wish to emphasize that none of this information is associated with you individually. Cookies do not capture your e-mail address or any other private information. The information obtained by tracing the cookies is only considered as a whole
E-MAIL, MAILING LIST
If, for any reason, you wish to send an e-mail to our Site, or if the Site prompts you to join a mailing list to receive a newsletter automatically on your computer, we emphasize that, in the event of any of these options involving our recording of your personal data, said recording of your personal data will always be done in compliance with the privacy law. As a consequence, no recording will be made without your explicit and reiterated approval.
LEGAL COGNIZANCE
As mentioned in the Notes, access to the Site requires that you accept all the rules specified therein. Therefore any user who accesses the Site tacitly accepts that any controversies deriving from access to the Site or relating to the Information or Objects contained on the Site shall come under Italian law. Moreover, the user agrees that the Law Courts of Brescia shall have exclusive cognizance for any such above-mentioned problems.
Only the best brands selected for you
Hunting and Target shooting
Accessories
Spare parts
Clothing
Discount
Hunting Articles
Hunting And Target Shooting Beretta
Hunting And Target Shooting Gemini
Hunting And Target Shooting Fox
Hunting And Target Shooting Birchwood
Hunting And Target Shooting Browning
Hunting And Target Shooting Multisound
Hunting And Target Shooting Canicom
Hunting And Target Shooting Stilcrin
Hunting And Target Shooting Sportdog
Hunting And Target Shooting Tetra Gun
Accessories Contessa
Accessories Beretta
Accessories Poli
Accessories Swarovski
Accessories Nikon
Accessories Pulsar
Accessories Rcbs
Accessories Steiner
Accessories Burris
Accessories Atn
Spare Parts Beretta
Spare Parts Giuliani
Spare Parts Artigianali
Spare Parts Lpa
Spare Parts Perazzi
Spare Parts Benelli
Spare Parts Sako
Spare Parts Franchi
Spare Parts Poli
Spare Parts Remington
Clothing
Beretta
Clothing
Deerhunter
Clothing
Univers
Clothing
Chameau
Clothing
Browning
Clothing
Kayland
Clothing
Blaser
Clothing
Gordon
Clothing
Chiruca
Clothing
Ultrasport
Discount Beretta
Discount Swarovski
Discount Steiner
Discount Burris
Discount Chameau
Discount Kayland
Discount Browning
Discount Blaser
Discount Gordon
Discount Sportdog
Hunting Articles Beretta
Hunting Articles Gemini
Hunting Articles Contessa
Hunting Articles Poli
Hunting Articles Fox
Hunting Articles Giuliani
Hunting Articles Swarovski
Hunting Articles Deerhunter
Hunting Articles Browning
Hunting Articles Pulsar
Copyright ©2020 Armeria Brignoli Silvio & C. Snc - design by Dexanet