http://www.visitnewengland.com/all/privacy/
Maps
Newsletter
State: VNE
Connecticut
State
Fairfield Southwest
Hartford Central
Litchfield Northwest
Mystic Eastern
New Haven South Central
Maine
State
Bar Harbor Acadia
Greater Portland
Mid Coast
Northern Maine
South Coast
Western Lakes Mountains
Massachusetts
State
Boston
Cape Cod & The Islands
Central Mass.
North of Boston
South of Boston
Western Mass.
New Hampshire
State
Dartmouth-Lake Sunapee
Great North Woods
Lakes
Merrimack Valley
Monadnock
Seacoast
White Mountains
Rhode Island
State
Blackstone Valley
Block Island
Newport
Providence Warwick
South County
Vermont
State
Central
Northern
Southern
New England
All New England
Where to Visit
Things to Do and See
Places to Stay
Food & Drink
Weddings
Events
VNE Privacy Policy
Because we may gather certain types of information about our Users, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. This policy is subject to change.
See our site for changes.
1. Information
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide you and your organization with the best and most useful content and services. Several of the services and features that we offer on our site require you and your organization to provide us with information as a condition of usage. We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, company name, email addresses, postal addresses, phone numbers, mobile numbers. We may also collect other sensitive information such as your job title, gender, and username. Passwords are not stored directly; we use a hash of the password to maintain security. We may also receive information about you and your organization from other sources and add it to the information you provided to us.
2. Cookies and Other Technology
“Cookies” store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our site. Cookies are active in some portions, but not all portions, or our site. Cookies by themselves do not tell us anything about you.
We need to combine them with the personally identifiable information you give us.
We then use this information to improve our services. You can choose to prevent us from obtaining cookies by adjusting your settings on your browser, but this will limit your ability to use all aspects of the site.
We may also use other technologies that allow us to track general user-traffic patterns and/or automatically receive and record information from our servers and from your browser, including your IP address, the time of your visit to pages on our site, and information about pages you visited. Unless you have registered for one of our products or services, the information we gather through the use of tracking technologies cannot be matched with any personally identifiable information about you.
We may use cookies and tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including: (1) keeping count of return visits to our site; (2) accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate, statistical information on site and advertisement usage; (3) determining which features our User population likes best; (4) saving your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site; and (5) displaying the most appropriate advertising or content based on your interests.
3. Use and Sharing of Information
We may use the information we gather for four general purposes:
(1) to customize the advertising and the content you see; (2) to enhance the User experience; (3) to fulfill your requests for certain products and services and (4) to send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
We will only make your personally identifiable information available to other companies or people when: (1) you authorize us when you register or at a later date through our website; (2) you access sites or services that we offer to you in connection with another party who is identified on the site (which may include a contest).
These are known as “cobranded services”, and by using a cobranded service you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that other party, and the use of that information is subject to the other party’s own privacy policies; (3) we may hire third-party vendors to provide specialized services, who are only allowed to use the information to do their jobs, and not for their own use; (4) you decline a mailing that we send to you on behalf of a third party, in which case we may share your removal instruction so that it may be added to the third party’s “do not contact” list; (5) if required by law or (6) if we believe that your actions violate applicable laws, our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy or to protect our rights, property, or safety or those of others.
Visitnewengland.com does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
4. User Options; Updates
Users have the following options with respect to information: (1) opting not to receive our electronic newsletters or those of third parties when registering or at a later date by following our procedures or (2) opting not to provide certain personal information when registering for a site, provided that this may limit your use of the site. Our site provides the procedures by which Users can review, correct, or change the information collected during registration for any of our sites. We encourage users to keep information current. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us..