http://www.timberlineadventures.com/terms.php
Dolore eu feugiat nulla facilisis at vero eros et accumsan et iusto odio dignis sim qui blandit praesent luptatum zzril delenit augue duis colore te feugait nul la facilisi.
Anno quarto et sia more.
View my cart.
Email this page to a friend.
Contact us for more information:
info@timberlineadventures.com
(972)386-4717 (8-6pm, Mon-Sat, CST)
Terms and Conditions
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to the Internet Site of Timberline Adventures. Timberline Adventures is soley owned and operated Timberline Adventures, Inc. and its affiliates (referred to herein as "TA","we," "us," or "our").
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS TIMBERLINE ADVENTURES SITE. By using the Timberline Adventures Site, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the Timberline Adventures Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Timberline Adventures Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
All materials contained in Timberline Adventures Site are the copyrighted property of Timberline Adventures, Inc. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Timberline Adventures, Inc. No material from any Timberline Adventures Site or any Internet site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by us or our affiliates may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that (i) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices, (ii) you make no modifications to the materials, (iii) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, or brands, and (iv) you do not download quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future downloads from any Timberline Adventures Site. For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any other Web site or computer environment is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress are proprietary to us.
In the event you download software from any Timberline Adventures Site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by us or third-party licensors for your personal, noncommercial home use only. We do not transfer title to the Software to you. You own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but we (or third-party licensors) retain full and complete title to the Software and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, de-compile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-readable form.
FORUMS AND PUBLIC COMMUNICATION
"Forum" means a chat area, message board, or e-mail function offered as part of any Timberline Adventures Site. If you participate in any Forum within a Timberline Adventures, you must not:
defame, abuse, harass or threaten others;
make any bigoted, hateful, or racially offensive statements;
advocate illegal activity or discuss illegal activities with the intent to commit them;
post or distribute any material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any law;
post or distribute any vulgar, obscene, discourteous, or indecent language or images;
advertise or sell to or solicit others;
use the Forum for commercial purposes of any kind;
post or distribute any software or other materials that contain a virus or other harmful component; or
post material or make statements that do not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of any chat room or bulletin board.
It is our policy to respect the privacy of all customers. Therefore, in addition to the privacy of Registration data (see our Privacy Policy), we will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a customer's e-mail unless (a) you authorize us to do so, (b) we must do so in order to resolve technical problems on any Timberline Adventures Site; or (c) unless required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on us; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act in an emergency to protect the safety of our customers or the public. Customers shall remain solely responsible for the content of their messages.
We reserve the right to remove or edit content from any Forum at any time and for any reason.
By uploading materials to any Forum or submitting any materials to us, you automatically grant (or warrant that the owner of such materials expressly granted) us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and display, create derivative works from and distribute such materials or incorporate such materials into any form, medium, or technology now known or later developed throughout the universe. In addition, you warrant that all so-called "moral rights" in those materials have been waived.
When participating in a Forum, never assume that people are who they say they are, know what they say they know, or are affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated with in any chat room, message board, or other user- generated content area. Information obtained in a Forum may not be reliable, and it is not a good idea to trade or make any investment decisions based solely or largely on information you cannot confirm. We cannot be responsible for the content or accuracy of any information, and shall not be responsible for any trading or investment decisions made based on such information.
CONTENT LINKED TO ANY TIMBERLINE ADVENTURES SITE
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet using any Timberline Adventures Site. You should be aware that when you are on a Timberline Adventures Site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Timberline Adventures pages that take you outside of our service. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement or a search result, the click may take you off the Timberline Adventures Site. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and content partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit personal information, or contain information that you may find inappropriate or offensive. In addition, advertisers on Timberline Adventures Sites may send cookies to users that we do not control.
We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to any Timberline Adventures Site.
We make no representations concerning the content of sites listed in any of our directories. Consequently, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in sites listed in our search results or otherwise linked to a Timberline Adventures Site.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online --- for example, via message boards or chat --- that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While Timberline Adventures strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online; you make such disclosures at your own risk.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS IN THIS TA SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS ON TIMBERLINE ADVENTURES SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT TIMBERLINE ADVENTURES SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE SUCH MATERIALS AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON ANY TIMBERLINE ADVENTURES SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
We explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from any Timberline Adventures Site. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from any Timberline Adventures Site or third-party content on our sites. We do not endorse any of the merchandise, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party sites or content. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third-party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and third-party content. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
Search and Directory are free services offered by us. Because the Web changes constantly, no search engine technology can possibly have all accessible sites at any given time. Thus, we explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the content or availability of information contained in our search index or directories.
CREDIT CARDS
Timberline Adventures takes the issue of your privacy seriously. We provide your credit card number, billing and shipping information to participating merchants from whom you buy goods or services. The merchants are solely responsible for how they use that information and any other information they independently acquire from you or about you. Otherwise, we do not share your credit card information with anyone else. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy.
To protect the security of your credit card information, we employ the industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. We also encrypt your credit card number when we store your order and whenever we transfer that information to participating merchants.
SUBSCRIPTIONS/BILLING
Some services offered on Timberline Adventures Sites are subscription-based services, such as Timberline Adventures Passport Services. If you open a subscription- based account with Timberline Adventures site, you hereby agree to pay all charges to your account, including applicable taxes, in accordance with billing terms in effect at the time the fee or charge becomes payable. We reserve the right to change the amount of, or basis for determining, any fees or charges for services we provide, and to institute new fees, charges, or terms effective upon prior notice to customers. We reserve the right to terminate any account at any time for any reason.
Timberline Adventures agrees that it will terminate Customer's account upon notice from Customer.
Customer's right to use the Service is subject to any limits established by Timberline Adventures or by Customer's credit card issuer. If payment cannot be charged to Customer's credit card or Customer's charge is returned for any reason, including chargeback, Timberline Adventures reserves the right to either suspend or terminate Customer's access and account, thereby terminating this Agreement and all obligations of Timberline Adventures hereunder.
If Customer has reason to believe that Customer's account is no longer secure (for example, in the event of a loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of Customer's ID, password, or any credit, debit or charge card number stored on the Timberline Adventures of the problem to avoid possible liability for any unauthorized charges to Customer's account.
INDEMNIFICATION
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Password and account and for all activities that occur under your account. You hereby indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates and our officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors, and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees') incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of this Agreement or claims arising from your account. You shall use your best efforts to cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, TIMBERLINE ADVENTUES SITE OR MATERIALS OR FUNCTIONS ON ANY SUCH SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT [INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE], OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING TIMBERLINE ADVENTURES SITE.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
Unless otherwise specified, the materials in Timberline Adventures Site are presented solely for the purpose of promoting programs, photographs and other products available in the United States and its territories, possessions, and protectorates. Timberline Adventures is controlled and operated by Timberline Adventures, Inc. from offices in Texas. We make no representation that materials on any Timberline Adventures Site are appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Those who choose to access Timberline Adventures Site do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Software from this site is further subject to United States export controls. No software from this site may be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of all Timberline Adventures Sites and destroying all materials obtained from any and all such sites and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise. Your access to Timberline Adventures Site may be terminated immediately without notice from us if in our sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these terms. Upon termination, you must cease use of the Timberline Adventures Site and destroy all materials obtained from such site and all copies thereof, whether made under these terms or otherwise.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Dallas County, Texas, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by both parties.
NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
We may give notice to our users by means of a general notice on Timberline Adventures Site, electronic mail to a user's e-mail address on our records, or by written communication sent by first-class mail to a user's address on our records.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Service Provider's Designated Agent. See Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.
Notification must be submitted to the following Designated Agent:
Service Provider: Timberline Adventures
Name of Agent Designated to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement: James Kapantais
Full Address of Designated Agent to Which Notification Should be Sent: 3767 Forest Lane Suite 124-1221, Dallas, Texas 75244
Telephone Number of Designated Agent: (972) 386-4717
Facsimile Number of Designated Agent: (972) 386-0118
E-Mail Address of Designated Agent:
james@timberlineadventures.com
To be effective, the notification must be a written communication that includes the following:
A physical or electronic signature of person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good-faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Associated Press ("AP") text, photo, graphic, audio, and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication, or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors, or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof, or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
© 2003 Timberline Adventures. All rights reserved.
View All Adventures |
Terms & Conditions |
Contact Us