http://www.alcohol-stuff.co.uk/privacy
Toggle navigation
Entertainment
Games
Creative
Information
Recipes
Privacy
Privacy Policy
At Alcohol Stuff, we recognise that privacy of your personal information is important. This policy details information on what types of personal data we receive and collect when you use and visit alcohol-stuff.co.uk, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Privacy Policy
Log Files
As with most other websites, we store information on our server based log files which include your IP
address, Internet service provider (ISP), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Chrome or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
This data is retained on our servers for a limited period of time, and then permanently deleted after the retention period. The current retention period is one calendar month. Should the retention period change in the future then this document will be updated accordingly.
Data Collection
Apart from basic data stored on Log Files (see above), Alcohol Stuff does not store any personal data from users visiting the website. The only data used by this website relates to certain actions by visitors that use one of our website tools (such as the compatibility calculator), where we track anonymous data i.e. how many times the tool is used or which matches were selected when using the tool. This data is only used to publish statistics on our website about how often the tools are used and is never passed on or sold to third parties.
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small data file that is stored on your device when you visit websites (such as mobile, desktop or tablet devices) which holds certain information about the website you are visiting, i.e. personal preferences or settings.
Cookies set by us
The only cookie directly created via Alcohol Stuff is called cb-enabled - which is related to our Cookie Policy notice - reminding users that cookies will be set by third parties. This cookie remembers whether a visitor has agreed to accept cookies, and if so, we will not show the reminder banner for future page views.
Third party cookies
The cookies described above are known as “First Party Cookies” because they are set and controlled by Alcohol Stuff. Other cookies that are set and controlled by websites other than Alcohol Stuff are known as “Third Party Cookies”. There are two types of third party cookies set when visiting Alcohol Stuff, advertising cookies (via Google Adsense) and analytical cookies (via Google Analytics).
Alcohol Stuff has no direct control over the usage of any cookies set by third party websites. To find out further information on how cookies are used by the third party companies mentioned below, please visit their respective privacy and cookie policies (for ease of use, links have been provided in the table below).
Some of these third party services may use technology (such as cookies and web beacons) which will also send information including your IP address, your ISP and the browser you used to visit our site.
This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes (showing localised adverts, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
To comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which came into effect on 25th May 2018, we have disabled all “Personalised ads” for users visiting from the European Economic Area (EEA).
Third party services
Cookie
Purpose
Further Information
Google Analytics
The purpose of these cookies is to collect information on how our visitors use our website, such as how often individual pages are accessed and where our visitors are coming from. This information is used to help us improve our website. Data is stored on Google servers located in the United States.
To increase privacy of our users, from 25th May 2018 we now only send anonymous IP address details whilst using this service.
Details of the cookies used by Analytics can be found at the
Google Analytics Cookie Usage page.
To Opt-out of these cookies, visit the Google Analytics Opt-Out Add-on.
Google DoubleClick For Publishers
To keep Alcohol Stuff a free to use service, we publish a small amount of advertisements on selected pages. These advertisements are administered by third party advertisers. To enable the use of these ads, cookies are set (as described above).
Further details can be found on the Google Privacy & Terms page.
Managing your cookies
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
For more information regarding how to manage cookies, please visit
aboutcookies.org.uk.
This policy applies on and from 25 May 2018.
Useful Resources
Alcohol Metabolism Rate
How long alcohol stays in your system.
BAC Calculator Tool
When will your BAC count fall to zero?
Unit Calculator Tool
Amount of alcohol units you have consumed.
Visit DrinkFox
Trending On
Girl Scout CookieRecipes24GamesAcesGamesAcrylic Beer GlassesCreativeAcrylic Drinking GlassesCreative