http://www.4th-rochford.org.uk/privacy
Home
Hall Hire
How to find us
Visitors
We offer
Beavers
Cubs
Scouts
Explorers/ Young Leaders
Network
Active Support
Links
Dog Training
Pre-school
Contact us
Resources
Group Development
scout games
Why we’re unique
Privacy
Terms and conditions
1. About these terms and conditions
1.1. Access to and use of 4th-rochford.org.uk (the website) both within the UK and internationally is provided by 4th Rochford Scouts. These terms apply to your use of the website and shall take effect immediately from your first use of the website and thereafter. Please note, in order to use the website you must agree to be bound by all the terms provided (Please note, if you do not agree to be bound all the terms herein, 4th Rochford Scouts does not permit you to access, use and/or contribute to the website).
1.2. 4th Rochford Scouts may change these terms from time to time and so you should check these on a regular basis. Your continued use of the website will be deemed acceptance of any updated or amended terms. If you do not agree to the changes, you should cease using the website. If there is any conflict between these terms and specific local terms appearing elsewhere on the website then the latter shall prevail in relation to the matter to which it specifically relates.
2. Use of the website
2.1. You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of, restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the website.
3. Intellectual Property
3.1. All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and on the website and all content (including all applications) located on the website shall remain vested in 4th Rochford Scouts or its licensors (which includes other users).
3.2. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use website content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use or non-commercial use directly related to Scouting within the UK. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any website content except for your own personal use. Any other use of the website content requires the prior written permission of 4th Rochford Scouts.
3.3. The names, images and logos identifying 4th Rochford Scouts, The Scout Association (TSA), Scout Shops, Scout Activity Centres or third parties and their products and services are subject to copyright, design rights and trade marks of TSA, 4th Rochford Scouts and/or third parties. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to use any trade mark, design right or copyright of 4th Rochford Scouts or any other third party.
4. Your contributions to 4th Rochford Scouts and/or the website
4.1. By sharing any contribution (including any text, photographs, graphics, video or audio) with 4th Rochford Scouts you agree to grant to the 4th Rochford Scouts, free of charge, permission to use the material in any way it wants (including modifying and adapting it for operational and editorial reasons) for 4th Rochford Scouts’s services in any media worldwide (including on 4th Rochford Scouts’s site accessed by international users). In certain circumstance 4th Rochford Scouts may also share your contribution with trusted third parties.
4.2. Copyright in your contribution will remain with you and this permission is not exclusive, so you can continue to use the material in any way including allowing others to use it.
4.3. In order that 4th Rochford Scouts can use your contribution, you confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory and does not infringe any UK laws, that you have the right to give 4th Rochford Scouts permission to use it for the purposes specified above, and that you have the consent of anyone who is identifiable in your contribution or the consent of their parent/carer if they are under 16.
4.4. 4th Rochford Scouts my show your name with your contribution, unless you request otherwise, but for operational reasons this is not always possible. 4th Rochford Scouts may need to contact you for administrative or verification purposes in relation to your contribution, or in relation to particular projects.
4.5. Please do not endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or break any laws when creating content you may share with 4th Rochford Scouts.
4.6. If you do not want to grant 4th Rochford Scouts the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit or share your contribution to or with the website.
5. Disclaimers and limitation of liability
5.1. The website content, including the information, names, images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to 4th Rochford Scouts, its products and services (or to third party products and services), is provided ‘AS IS’ and on an ‘AS AVAILABLE’ basis. To the extent permitted by law, 4th Rochford Scouts excludes all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by law), including the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. 4th Rochford Scouts does not guarantee the timeliness, completeness or performance of the website or any of the content. While we try to ensure that all content provided by 4th Rochford Scouts is correct at the time of publication no responsibility is accepted by or on behalf of 4th Rochford Scouts for any errors, omissions or inaccurate content on the website.
5.2. 4th Rochford Scouts does not warrant that functions available on the website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that the website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to implement sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the accuracy of data input and output.
Privacy Policy
4th Rochford Scouts takes the issue of privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting and respecting our users’ privacy. This Privacy Statement sets out our current data processing practices and should be read in conjunction with our Terms & Conditions. If you have any queries or concerns regarding these practices, you should contact us at enquiries [at] 4th-rochford.org.uk
1. The Information we collect
The only circumstances in which we will provide any of your personal data to a third party for non commercial purposes are those contained in this Privacy Policy.
2. Sharing of data
We may share data supplied by you (or collected about you) with other parts of The Scout Association e.g. Scout Shops Ltd.
3. Legal jurisdiction
All personal information and details held on and processed by computers situated in the United Kingdom.
4. Disclosure of data by order of a Court and Security
We reserve the right to communicate a Member’s personal information as we hold to third parties who are empowered by regulation, statute or order of a court.
We have security measures in place to protect our customer database. Access to this database is restricted internally. However, it remains each Member’s responsibility:
to keep their password secret;
to protect against unauthorised access to your personal Details;
to log off from the www.scouts.org.uk Service when not using it; and
to ensure against use by anyone else of the 4th-rochford.org.uk Service through the machine that Member uses while they are “logged on” to the 4th-rochford.org.uk Service
5. Cookies
4th-rochford.org.uk uses small files known as “cookies” to enhance your use of the site. They have the following functions:
To hold Members’ login information. This option can be turned off by switching the “Remember Your Password” option to “No” in your registration details.
To ensure the best use of the 4th-rochford.org.uk Service by Members, by means of a temporary cookie. These cookies disappear when the Member’s browser session ends, or if the Member clicks the “sign off” text.
6. The Data Protection act
You can obtain further information about data protection laws by visiting the Information Commissioner’s website at www.dataprotection.gov.uk.
About this site | Site Map | Privacy | Accessibility | News (RSS) | Contact
© 4th Rochford Scout Group – Rochford, Essex, all rights reserved | Charity number: 302072
Powered by WordPress |
Log in | i.SCOUT 4 WordPress theme by hawesWeb Productions