http://www.asiaphoto.de/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
www.asiaphoto.de
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Asiaphoto.de
The privacy of our visitors to Asiaphoto.de is important to us.
At Asiaphoto.de, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit Asiaphoto.de, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on Asiaphoto.de to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Asiaphoto.de and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Inhalte und Anzeigen zu personalisieren, Funktionen für soziale Medien anbieten zu können und die Zugriffe auf unsere Website zu analysieren. Außerdem geben wir Informationen zu Ihrer Nutzung unserer Website an unsere Partner für soziale Medien, Werbung und Analysen weiter.
More information:
Datenschutzerklärung
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx
www.networkadvertising.org/pdfs/NAI_principles.pdf