https://www.edmontonskydive.com/contact-us/privacy-policy/
BookNow
Book Now
Existing Booking
Purchase Gift Card
TrySkydiving
Tandem Skydive
Video & Pictures
Gift Certificates
Groups
Pricing
SkydiveSchool
Solo License
Contact Us& Directions
LicensedJumpers
DZ Information
OurStory
Our Story
FAQ
Top Rated
Edmonton Skydive
Edmonton Skydive
Menu
BookNow!
Contact Us :
Privacy Policy
loading...
Privacy Policy
Edmonton Skydive is a division of Alberta Skydive Central Ltd.
Privacy Policy
Created: March 1, 2019
Updated: April 1, 2019
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. Centre (herein “ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.calgaryskydive.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, make a booking, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number and credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
We may use limited information, such as name and email address, to provide updates and details on promotions or contests that Users have voluntarily agreed to, and submitted said information.
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics of interest to them
We may use limited information, such as name and email address, to send articles, videos, newsletters and other pertinent information.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If a User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or the User may contact us via our Site.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and conditions, and policies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. may update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top and bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.
www.albertaskydivecentral.com
1138 Kensington Road NW
Calgary, AB, CA
T2N 3P3
jump@albertaskydivecentral.com
This document was last updated on April 1, 2019.
Free first jump pro tips! Sign up for our newsletter:
Thanks for signing up!
Directions
Contact Us
780-884-5867
Book
Existing Booking
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Back to Top
Back to Top
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
mail
Share, Chat, Ask, Learn
Skydiving Websiteby Rook Services Inc.
© Copyright 2019 Edmonton Skydive LTD.
WordPress Image Lightbox
Special Occasion Jumps
Whether it’s a surprise birthday party, the first stop on a bachelor party, celebrating a promotion or new stage in life, mark that day with the most memorable adventure possible. Double down on the special occasion with an extremely special introduction to human flight.
Between our two Alberta skydive centers we have more facilities, infrastructure and airplanes to make an incredible group skydive event. you put together a large-scale group skydive center, come to us with your plan and we’ll give you a whole bunch of ideas to make it even better.
×
Charity Events
We’ve helped organized some of the most successful fundraising charity events in Alberta. Talk about putting the fun in fundraising. We’ve worked with Adeara Recovery, Edmonton Dream Center, Alberta Schizophrenia Society and Kids Cancer Care Foundation of Alberta, helping to raise almost $1M over the past ten years.
We have a very successful charity event model. If you’re interested in setting up a charity event please contact us.
×
Special Rates
We offer group rates for groups of jumpers starting at just three. Time to squad up, squash any of their objections for skydiving and suit up for adventure.
For groups of three or more, we do offer a $10 discount per person.
×
Organize Your Skydive Group
While we would never suggest waiting until your all of your friends are keen to go skydiving (the reality is that some of them just won’t), it is a little more special if you have some of your favourite people to experience this adventure.
Our friends, family or coworkers help to accentuate the build up, the excitement, the nervousness, the post jump buzz, basically all of the moments between the moments. While your skydive itself will be a very personal experience, having a group of your friends to experience all of the other elements makes those moments a little more fun. Convince your parents, call in that BFF favour or grab the cool guy from work, even if its only one other person to share the experience you’ll be glad you did.
If you have a large group might want to consider checking out our sister operation at Innisfail, Alberta, south of Edmonton. It’s our mega skydiving center that houses larger, faster aircraft that fly to higher jump altitudes, a bigger staff and larger facilities for that larger group.
×
Step 4: Ride to Altitude
Enjoy a scenic 20 minute ride of the prairies while we climb to 10,000 feet. During the ascent, your instructor will also review your jump and perform multiple safety checks.
×
Step 3: Gear Up
An Edmonton Skydive staff member will fit you with a tandem skydive harness, jump pants (if required/desired) and goggles. The harness is adjusted for your safety and comfort. It has four attachment points. The harness is stress tested to withstand 15,000 pounds of tensile force.
×
Step 2: Training
Tandem skydiving is very easy and requires very little training. First you’ll watch a short training video giving you an overview of your jump. Then we’ll introduce you to your tandem instructor. Your instructor will provide supplementary training by reviewing techniques in the video and practice training on the ground. This includes aircraft seating, climbing out and exit, freefall body position and landing procedures.
×
Step 1: Registration
You’ll arrive at Edmonton Skydive and check in at our front desk. You’ll register, complete paperwork, and review and select video and/or pictures packages.
×
Special Rates
Very large groups help us operate more efficiently, and because of that, we’re happy to pass along those small savings to you if you make our day awesome and let us throw you out of perfectly good airplanes! For groups 10 or larger, please contact us directly to discuss numbers, dates, special requirements and corporate rates. And don’t forget, we already do the highest skydives in Canada at industry standard rates so you’ll already be doing more than 50% more freefall than anywhere else in Alberta!
×
Promotional Assistance
We love the big groups and we’re here to help make them even bigger! If you want to make your event huge, tap into some of our resources and expertise we have available for you. Our booking system has built-in tools that easily allow you to share and promote your event on all of the most popular social media channels or via email. Our marketing department can assist in creating promotion materials such as flyers, T-shirts or specialized and targeted newsletters for big groups. And even though skydiving video or picture packages must be purchased individually, we’ll make sure we grab a bunch of fun group photos on the ground.
×
Post Jump
After your very first skydive, there’s sure to be an excessive amount of adrenaline, high fives, hugs and feel good vibes! When you’re ready, you’ll make your way back into the gear area where hop one of our staff members will help you de-gear. No doubt you’re super stoked and wondering how deep this rabbit hole goes. Be sure to ask about our second jump options, or if you know this is your new jam, then sign up for the Solo License program.
While our staff are prepping your amazing video and pictures, drop into our bar for a post jump beverage, text that special someone and tell them you’re still alive (or surprise Mom I went skydiving) and get on Instagram and Facebook and tell everyone about it! Stick around, watch some experienced skydivers land their parachutes and we’ll hang out after the jumping is done!
×
Parachuting
While freefall might entice most people to try skydiving, a surprising amount of first time jumpers enjoy the parachute ride even more than the freefall. This is one of the many hidden beauties of skydiving: it’s actually two sports in one!
After the instructor has deployed the main parachute, you’ll gradually decelerate from 200km/h to about 30km/h in about 10 seconds. As the parachute fully opens, it gets much calmer and quieter (you’ll be able to talk with your instructor now). Your body orientation has shifted from horizontal and vertical and weightiness has returned (you’ll feel suspension in your leg straps and at the shoulders). Sensory overload fades completely away, your neurological system chills out but leaves the good blissful drugs in your system. All of that combined with the zen chillness of the parachute ride, clouds and/or sunset, make if a completely different sensory experience.
After the instructor does some housekeeping (wind assessments, practice landing and navigating location), you typically have another 4000 feet of vertical descent to play and fly back to the landing area. In most cases, your instructor will hand over the controls and let you fly the parachute during a safe altitude and area. Please understand that sometimes the wind, traffic conditions or drop location are not ideal for a first time flight so we might not be able to let fly. Safety always is priority. New jumpers are often surprised at how responsive and controllable the parachutes fly. They dive, bank, roll and turn similar to an aircraft. Those g-forces are felt when we rotate and spiral.
If you’ve been flying the parachute, your tandem instructor will take over around 2000 feet and begin the landing pattern. As the pair turn in on a final approach, your instructor tell you to lift up your legs for landing, leading to a soft slide onto the ground on your butt. You’re back but you’ll never be the same!
×