http://www.avalonwaterways.com/privacy/
First Class Touring
Affordable Touring
Vacation Packages
Home | MyAvalon | Help | Gallery
Contact Us |  Search | Change Country
Attention: Some functions on this Web site are not supported in this browser. To get the full site experience, please consider downloading & using the latest version of the Web browsers below.
Chrome |
Safari |
Firefox
If you want help planning a vacation, please call our experts at 877.797.8791
Privacy Policy
HelpSitemapLegal InformationTravel TermsCarrier TermsPrivacy
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to Us. To better protect your privacy We provide this notice explaining Our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, We make it available on Our homepage, from every internal Webpage in the footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The notice describes the principles and practices that apply to the Personal Information collected from the Users of Our services via Our Web site, telephone or e-mail communications, contests, or other surveys and interactions.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Globus family of brands site, and to any other domestic or international-owned Web sites that may be accessed through it.
Definitions
"Disclose" means to release, transfer, disseminate, or otherwise communicate all or any part of any record orally, in writing, or by electronic or any other means to any person or entity.
"User" means an individual who has registered or who has provided personal information with the application.
"Minor" means any individual under 18 years of age, or as defined under the laws of their jurisdiction or residence.
"Personal Information" means any recorded information about specific individual whose identity may be inferred from the information. This information includes, for example, name, e-mail and mailing address, phone number, account and billing information, and other information provided by a user of the application or incidental to providing products and services to you.
"Application" means CosmosGO, AvalonGO, GlobusGO or MonogramsGO mobile app, and any domestic or international-owned or managed Web site of the Globus family of brands that may be accessed through it. This includes on-trip service and provided devices.
"We", "Us" or "Our" means “Globus family of brands” in the US, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, India or other Globus family of brands operating offices globally.
Consent
By submitting Personal Information to Us or Our application, you agree that We may collect, use and Disclose such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted or required by law.
If you do not agree with these terms, do not provide any Personal Information to Us. If you choose to refuse or withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with services normally offered by Us.
We do not sell or market products to Minors. Minors are not eligible to register with, use or purchase services via the Web site. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any Minor, and will not deliberately use such information. If you are under 18, you may use the Web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
If you provide Personal Information regarding any third party, including parties traveling or vacationing with you, you must obtain consent prior to your disclosure of this information. By providing Personal Information of any third party, you represent that you have all necessary authority and/or have obtained all necessary consents from such person to allow Our collection of Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
We are committed to looking after the data you have given us, making sure it is used responsibly, and that it is only shared in the ways you expect.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. There are various types of cookies which perform different functions, such as remembering which items you have placed in your shopping basket or recording your browsing habits. The information recorded by the cookie is retrieved on your next visit to our sites. The cookies we use don't detect any information – including personal information such as credit/ debit card details that you may have stored on your computer. Cookies cannot harm your computer or access information saved on your hard drive.
How do we use cookies?
We use a number of cookies on websites for a variety of reasons. Some cookies are essential to be able to provide our services to you, such as purchasing a tour. Others help us provide a better service to you, such as providing you with relevant prices and offers through our marketing activity, or allowing you to share vacations through social media channels.
We currently use the following types of cookies on our sites.
Strictly necessary cookies: these cookies are essential to allow you to fully use our website and its full features such as buying a tour. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing.
Performance cookies: these cookies collect information about how our visitors use our website, to help us understand what sections of our site are popular, and help us fix errors on any of our web pages.
Marketing and targeting cookies: these collect information about your browsing habits and are placed by third-party providers and ourselves. The information in these cookies is anonymized but they contain a unique key that is able to distinguish individual browsing habits, or if an individual user has clicked on an advertisement we have placed. We use these cookies to understand if our marketing is effective, and if our recommendations for you are a good fit. We use the following third-party cookies to do this: Doubleclick, Google Adwords, Facebook, Impact and Bing.
How to control cookies: Check with your internet browser cookies preference settings
Personal Information We Collect
We only collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to Us, or that is incidental to your use of Our services. The information We learn helps Us personalize and continually improve your experience with Us, and assists Us in providing for your vacation needs. Here are the types of information We gather:
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on Our application or give Us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of Our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving Our application and communicating with you. Such information may include service and purchase information, when you call or write to Our Customer Service and other volunteered information.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with Us. For example, like many applications, We obtain certain types of information when your access the application. Such information may include login information, browsing history, preferences and other personalization information. We currently do not honor browser requests not to be tracked
E-mail Communications: We may retain copies of Our e-mail correspondence, or if you have received and opened correspondence.
Incidental Information: We may collect information incidental to your use of the application or purchase of products or services. Such information may include when you have used the application or when you registered as a User.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your Personal Information for the purposes of responding to and processing your requests for Our products and services:
To record your travel preferences, to provide travel quotes, or make travel reservations on your behalf or to communicate with you about your travel plans;
To process and track your transactions and to send information to affiliated travel agents and agencies via Our systems and software regarding Our products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you; To issue invoices, administer accounts, and collect and process product and services payments;
To provide tips or guidance on how to use Our application, inform you of new features on Our application or provide other information that may be of interest to Users;
To personalize the service We provide to you, tailor your experience at Our application to your interests and make more appropriate travel recommendations;
To send you e-mails, e-newsletters, personalized offers via direct messaging or other communications about Our services, if you have subscribed to receive this information or you have not advised Us that you do not wish to receive such communications;
To manage Our application, diagnose technical problems, improve content and allocate the resources of Our systems so that your experience with Our application is as efficient as possible;
To process and track your transactions and to send you information about Our products and services and other information and materials that may be of interest to you;
To develop, enhance, market, sell or provide Our products or services;
To audit compliance with Our policies and contractual obligations;
As permitted by, and to comply with, any legal or regulatory requirements or provisions; or for any other purpose to which you consent.
We do, at times, request credit card information, User ID, or national identification numbers to help plan and book services. Any such information is kept and maintained in accordance with Section VI below.
To Whom We Disclose Personal Information
Information about Our customers is an important part of Our business, and We are not in the business of selling it to others. We will only share your Personal Information with Our authorized service providers that perform services or functions on Our behalf, as required by law, or as described below.
From time to time, We may Disclose Personal Information as follows:
To those travel service providers with which you have or may make arrangements through Our application. For example, associated cruise lines, tour operators, wholesalers, travel agents and agencies, hotel or ground transport, attraction and travel insurance companies. We provide them only with the Personal Information needed to assist you in choosing and completing your purchases, as well as the booking and reservation of travel related products and services. To organizations that provide services for or on behalf of Us. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages and brochures, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These parties have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions.
We may collaborate with other companies via software and systems to offer additional products and services, and may share Personal Information to marketers of products and services which you have authorized. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of your Personal Information by these other companies. We encourage you to read a company's privacy policy before requesting any of its products or services.
To protect Our application and Our rights under Our Travel Terms and Conditions and Legal Information; to protect Ourselves against liability or prevent fraudulent activity; or where it is necessary to permit Us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that We may sustain. Where the information is public.
How We Retain Personal Information
If you are a User of Our application, We will retain your Personal Information in Our database record in accordance with Our records management policy and applicable laws. This record consists of address and contact information, marketing preferences, a travel preferences section, reservation and booking information and a messaging section for communications between you and Us.
While this information may be periodically purged, the retention period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with Us. We may also need to retain certain information to prevent fraudulent activity; to protect Ourselves against liability, permit Us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that We may sustain; or if We believe in good faith that a law, regulation, rule or guideline requires it.
Your Personal Information will be stored in secured locations and on servers controlled by Us, located either at Our offices or at the offices of service providers.
How You Can Control the Use of Your Information
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide Personal Information. We provide you with choice and control over the collection and use of your Personal Information, as well as a means of updating, correcting, or removing any Personal Information stored in your database record.
How We Protect Your Information
To protect the confidentiality of your Personal Information, We employ physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to help protect the confidentiality and integrity of the information and to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access disclosure or modification of Personal Information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
By providing you with this Privacy Policy Statement, We pledge Our continued commitment to protecting the information you provide Us. We regularly examine Our information privacy practices to determine whether We are adhering to the disclosures about the collection, use, sharing, and protection of your Personal Information made in this Privacy Policy statement.
We may change or supplement this Privacy Policy from time to time. We may also undergo a change of ownership. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date We post the revised Privacy Policy, as well as to existing information held by Us.
If We decide to change this Privacy Policy in a material way, We will obtain the necessary consents required under applicable privacy laws if We seek to collect, use or disclose Personal Information for purposes materially different than those to which consent has been obtained, unless otherwise required or permitted by law. If any proposed change is unacceptable to you, you may request that We remove your Personal Information from Our records, as described above.
Disputes
We share your concerns over privacy disputes. Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and Our Travel Terms and Conditions, including any limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Colorado. If you have questions or concerns regarding Our privacy practices, you can contact Us. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints regarding violations of its published Privacy Policy directly with the complainant. In the event that the complaint cannot be resolved internally, the complainant shall submit the matter to binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association in Denver, Colorado.
California Privacy Rights
Under California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have the right to request in writing from a business, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including Independent Affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by contacting our Customer Care department at eServices@globusfamily.com.
UK Customers: EU Data Protection Laws
We strictly comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and we do not release personal data to other companies or third parties for their marketing purposes. The data provided may be passed to countries outside of the EEA to enable us to properly process a service with the application. You are entitled to ask us about details of yours we are holding, why we’re holding or processing them, and to whom we have disclosed or may disclose them to. You can do this by writing to Cosmos Tours Ltd, Wells House, 15-17 Elmfield Road, Bromley, BR1 1LT.
We will respond to such written requests within 30 days following receipt at the e-mail or mailing address stated above. If we receive your request at a different e-mail or mailing address, we will respond within a reasonable period of time, but not to exceed 150 days from the date received. Please note that we are only required to respond to each customer once per calendar year.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about access to Personal Information, the collection, use, management or disclosure of Personal Information, this Privacy Policy or Our information handling practices, with whom your Personal Information is shared, or if you need further assistance with respect to Our Privacy Policy, you may contact Us as indicated below. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them.
Globus family of brands
5301 South Federal Circle
Littleton, CO 80123
Telephone Number: 800.276.1241
Email Address: eServices@globusfamily.com
UK mail inquiries to:
Cosmos Tours Ltd, Wells House, 15-17 Elmfield Road, Bromley, BR1 1LT
Want help finding a vacation?
Find a Travel Agent
Contact Us
Subscribe For Travel Deals
MyAvalon
Search by Cruise Code
Change Country
Travel Agents
Group Leaders
Careers
Site map
Engage With Us
Contact Us
Learn More About Avalon
Access eBrochure
Sign Up For Cruise Deals
Talk to an Expert
News Room
Copyright © All rights reserved.
Privacy |
Legal |
Travel Terms |
Carrier Terms |
Waivers
877.797.8791
877.797.8789
Trustpilot
Access eBrochures  |
Sign Up for Travel Deals