https://www.ancient.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Ancient World Tours
The experts in world heritage travel
Skip to content
Home
All tours
Tour Information
Independent Traveller
Private Group Travel
Where does AWT go?
Desert and Oasis Travel
Example Itineraries
Booking
News
Contact
About
About Us
Our Team
Conferences
Testimonials
The following Terms and Conditions apply to all bookings
made via Ancient World Tours (AWT). All tours are operated by Jules Verne
The
following terms and conditions (‘booking conditions’) form the basis of your
contract with Jules Verne. Please read them carefully as they set out our
respective rights and obligations. By asking us to confirm your booking, we are
entitled to assume that you have had the opportunity to read and have read
these terms and conditions and agree to them. Except where otherwise stated,
these booking conditions only apply to holiday arrangements which you book with
us in the UK and which we agree to make, provide or perform (as applicable) as
part of our contract with you. All references in these booking conditions to
‘holiday’, ‘booking’, ‘contract’, ‘package’, ‘tour’ or ‘arrangements’ mean such
holiday arrangements unless otherwise stated. In these booking conditions,
‘you’ and ‘your’ means all persons named on the booking (including anyone who
is added or substituted at a later date) or any of them, as the context
requires and ‘lead name’ means the person who makes the booking. ‘We’, ‘us’ and
‘our’ means Jules Verne.
The Booking Agreement
Any contract between you and us is subject to these Booking Conditions. The contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and is subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales. Alternatively, it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland or the law of Northern Ireland and shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Courts of those countries respectively if you are domiciled there.
Your Financial Protection
The Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992 require us to provide security for the monies that you pay for the package holidays booked and for your repatriation in the event of our insolvency.
We hold an Air Travel Organiser’s Licence issued by the Civil Aviation Authority (ATOL number 11234 , Jules Verne Ltd). When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday* from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate.
This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong. For further information visit the ATOL website at: www.atol.org.uk *The air inclusive holidays and flights we arrange are ATOL protected providing either the person who pays for the booking is present in the UK when the booking is made or the first leg of any flight or flights we arrange for you commences in the UK.
We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases, where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).
If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.
We are also a member of ABTA (ABTA Number V1661). When you buy a package holiday that does not include a flight, protection is provided by way of a bond held by ABTA The Travel Association. Please go www.abta.com for a copy of the guide to ABTA’s scheme of Financial Protection.
If you book arrangements other than a flight or package holiday (e.g. accommodation only), the financial protection referred to above does not apply.
To Make a Booking
To make a booking please telephone us (0333 335 9494) at which time you will be asked to make the appropriate non-refundable deposit of £600 per person or full payment (A higher, variable deposit may apply to certain programmes such as cruises, details will be advised at time of booking). On receipt of your deposit, we will send you a confirmation/invoice. It is important to check the details on the invoice when you receive it. If any details appear to be incorrect or incomplete, please contact us immediately as it may not be possible to make changes later. We regret we cannot accept any liability if we are not notified of any inaccuracy (for which we are responsible) in any document within 10 days of our sending it out (5 days for airline tickets). We will do our best to rectify any mistake notified to us outside these time limits but you must meet any costs involved in doing so.
Out of Date Range Flight Upgrades
We will issue an invoice recording the arrangements reserved for you and will take a deposit. A contract between us will then come into existence on the basis that the price payable will be that applicable when the airline releases the seats and the timings and other flight details will be those confirmed at that time which may be different to those advised at the time of booking.
When the airline seats become available to book we will tell you the price and other flight details and give you 7 days to tell us whether you wish to continue with the booking on the basis of the confirmed price and other details or cancel and receive a full refund. If you wish to continue with the booking, we will issue a revised invoice. In the event that flight seats do not become available, you will receive a full refund of your deposit. We will have no other liability and will not be responsible for refunding the cost of any services booked in conjunction with the flights.
Tour Balance
The balance due must be paid to us at least 61 days before you travel. If this is not done then we reserve the right to treat your booking as cancelled by you and make cancellation charges. If you ask us not to cancel, promising to make payment but failing to do so, you must pay the cancellation charges depending on the date we reasonably treat your booking as cancelled. Your failure to pay the balance in these circumstances could result in cancellation charges of up to 100% of the final invoice. If you book 61 days or less before departure, then the full amount must be paid when you book.
To Change Your Booking
Change or addition to your booking:
Please note that it will not be possible to make changes within 28 days of your scheduled departure date. If you want to change any part of your holiday arrangements after the invoice has been issued, we will do our best to make the change, but it may not be possible. Any request for changes must be made by the person who made the original booking. We may ask you to put these in writing. If it is possible to make the change, it will be subject to an administration charge of £30 per person, and payment of any further costs incurred as a result of the change such as the cost of replacement visa, re-ticketing costs of scheduled transport, costs associated with changed group numbers. Scheduled airlines normally regard name changes as a cancellation and re booking, and any alteration may incur a 100% cancellation charge in respect of the air fare. If it is not possible for us to make changes for whatever reason, you have the choice of proceeding with the holiday as originally booked, or of cancelling and paying cancellation charges in accordance with the scale shown below. If any change can be made, you must check whether it will invalidate your visa or insurance cover, in which case it may be necessary to take out alternative, additional or new cover depending on the circumstances.
Name Spellings:
It is essential that the names of all passengers you give us at the time of booking are exactly the names (including forenames) that are shown on those persons’ passports. In many cases, and in order to guarantee your special airfare, tickets must be issued within two weeks of your date of booking and any subsequent changes, including changes to the spelling of names, amendments and cancellations, will incur costs up to the full value of the air ticket, regardless of the time period.
Name Changes (where you transfer your booking to another person):
Name changes will similarly incur the additional costs of changing the name on the air ticket plus all other alteration charges and additional fees equivalent to what it may cost us at the time. Changes may be made up to 7 days prior to departure if possible (if not then normal cancellation charges will apply). An administration charge will also be made of £50 per person for requests made more than 61days before departure, and £100 per person within 61 days before departure. In the case of lead name changes then the new lead passenger will be deemed to have accepted the full terms and conditions of the existing contract. If you request to change all the names on a booking, this will be considered as a cancellation and new booking and full cancellation charges will apply.
To Cancel Your Booking
Should you wish to cancel your tour, the lead name must notify us as soon as possible. Cancellation will take effect from the day we are notified. No portion of amendment charges or Credit Card charges is refundable in the event of cancellation.
The scale of cancellation charges detailed is calculated as a percentage of your invoice according to the number of days prior to departure that written notice of cancellation is received by us:
Prior to Departure Date
Cancellation Charges
More than 60 days
Deposit only
42 – 60 days
50% or deposit, whichever is higher
33 – 41 days
60% or deposit, whichever is higher
15 – 32 days
90% of final invoice
Less than 15 days
100% of final invoice
We would strongly recommend that you take out appropriate travel insurance which provides cover against loss of deposit or cancellation fees.
Cancellation of Tours by Us
In the unlikely circumstances of cancellation of a tour or holiday by us we will offer you the choice of an alternative tour of equivalent quality (if available) or a tour of lower quality if you require it (if available) in which case we will refund to you the difference in price between the original booking and the tour of lower quality; or we will make you a prompt refund of any monies paid by you to us under the original booking.
Tours are based on a minimum number of passengers, generally a number under 8 but variable according to destination, in order to operate. Should this not be reached, or become unlikely to be reached, we reserve the right to continue to operate (with local guides instead of a tour manager if one has been advertised) or, up to 8 weeks prior to departure, to cancel this tour for all passengers including those booked under Independent Arrival. In these circumstances we would not be liable to pay you any compensation or make refunds for associated costs such as visas, independently booked regional or international flights, parking, airport hotels etc.
In the event that it is necessary for us to cancel or make a significant change to a tour in other circumstances, we will offer compensation to you, where appropriate, as detailed below. A change of flight time of less than 12 hours, airline (except where otherwise stated), type of aircraft (if advised) or destination airport, change of London airport, or changes of hotel to ones of similar price or category, will all be treated as minor changes.
Compensation amount per person for period prior to departure date when a cancellation or significant change is notified by us:
Period prior to departure date
Compensation
More than 61 days
NIL
61 – 42 days
£20
41 – 15 days
£35
14 – 0 days
£50
We are not liable to pay compensation to you where:
a) The package is cancelled because the number of persons who agree to take it is less than the minimum number of persons required as set out above and we have provided advice of the cancellation at least 61 days prior to the departure date of your tour or holiday, or
b) The package is cancelled by reason of unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised.
Changes to the Scheduled Programme
The tours scheduled in our brochure are planned many months in advance and sometimes changes may be necessary although we would normally expect to be able to provide you with the services confirmed by us in respect of your original booking.
The arrangements featured in our brochure are by their very nature complex with services from many different airlines, hotels and transportation companies. Due to demand for flights, hotels and accommodation and transportation over which we have no control, it is not always possible to guarantee flight or other transport departures, the aircraft type or other type of transportation, or accommodation. Flight or other transportation timings and carriers are stated to you for guidance only. Final details will be shown on your tickets or sent with your Joining Instructions, approximately two weeks prior to travel. We reserve the right to make changes. We will make every effort to provide as much advance notification as possible but we feel it is only fair to warn you of possible variations. Where these are significant you may be entitled to compensation as set out above.
Force Majeure Changes or Cancellation:
We may have to make changes to your tour or holiday in the event of force majeure and if we have to cancel or change your tour or holiday in any way because of this, we will not be liable to pay compensation to you. Force majeure is for example, circumstances where performance and/or prompt performance is prevented by war, threat of war, riot, civil disturbance, natural or nuclear disasters, industrial dispute (defined below), terrorist activity, fire, or adverse weather conditions. Industrial dispute is defined as a dispute between a person, other than ourselves, supplying services comprised in a package holiday and (a) his employee and/or (b) any other person whose services affect the performance of the package holiday, which we cannot reasonably be expected to overcome by substituting comparable alternative arrangements. Very rarely, we may be obliged by ‘force majeure’ to change or terminate your holiday after departure but before the scheduled end of your time away. This is extremely unlikely but if this situation does occur, we regret we will be unable to make any refunds (unless we obtain any refunds from our suppliers), pay you any compensation or meet any costs or expenses you incur as a result.
Airline Carriers:
In accordance with EU regulations we are required to advise you of the actual air carrier operating your flight/connecting flight/transfer. We do this by listing carriers to be used or likely to be used on the relevant brochure pages and/or your holiday confirmation invoice. Any changes to the actual airline after you have received your tickets will be notified to you as soon as possible and in all cases at check – in or at the boarding gate. Such a change is deemed to be a minor change.
Rail Travel:
All itineraries that involve the use of rail travel are subject to amendment according to the conditions of carriage of the railways board or other agency which governs rail travel in the country in which the railway journey is undertaken. Delays may occur depending on the priority given to the passage of the train upon which you are travelling because the train is required to give way to other railway traffic. In particular where the train is crossing a border between two countries, your attention is drawn to the section headed ‘Border Crossings’ below.
Border Crossings:
In some countries lengthy delays may be experienced at border crossings between two countries. Such delays are subject to the discretion of the national or local authorities regulating the border crossing. We cannot offer any accurate estimate of the length of such delay and if you require further information you should make your own enquiries.
River Boats and Cruises:
All itineraries that include river and coastal cruising are subject to amendment according to river or sea conditions at the time of travel which includes water levels (high and low), weather conditions such as fog and technical issues with locks, bridges and the vessels themselves. Where such variations affect the itinerary a replacement programme by land will be arranged. Most waterways are controlled by statutory authorities who can also impose restrictions without notice.
Important Notes
Accommodation Outside the UK:
The standard of accommodation, whether in hotels or on rail, ship or boat, will vary according to the standards available in the country in which the accommodation is being provided and should be judged by the standards of that country. In some countries the standards will be basic and not of the level associated with a conventional package holiday.
If you are in any doubt about the suitability to your own requirements of the facilities, transportation, accommodation or conditions prevailing in any country through which the tour passes, then you should make written enquiry with us as we cannot be held responsible for failure to meet your requirements if these are not made known to us. Whilst every effort will be made to meet reasonable requests, they cannot be guaranteed.
Hotel rooms are generally available between noon and 3pm for check-in and are to be vacated between 10am and noon irrespective of your arrival or departure times, details of which will be confirmed by your hotel. Hotels will generally make provision to secure your luggage until rooms are available.
On occasion it may be possible to obtain day-rooms subject to availability and extra payment.
Special Requests:
Any special request or requirement which is essential to your booking (such as specific dietary requirements, wheelchair assistance or special facilities for certain medical conditions) must be made known to us in writing before you book. We will contact our suppliers and the request will only become a term of your contract with us if we confirm in writing that the request can be met and your booking proceeds on that basis. We are also happy to pass on any other reasonable requests that you may have such as desired location of hotel rooms or airline seats or other requirements as to meals, but they cannot be guaranteed and will not form part of our contract. No compensation will be payable if such requests are not fulfilled.
Locally Booked Excursions/Activities:
Whilst you are away you may be offered the opportunity to buy optional excursions and activities. These are provided by independent local companies, which are neither owned nor controlled by Voyages Jules Verne, and for whom we act only as an agent (if we make a booking for you). If you decide to buy an excursion or activity, your contract will be made with the local company which provides it and it will not form part of your package with Voyages Jules Verne. The contract may be subject to the excursion/activity provider’s terms and conditions, some of which may exclude or limit its liability to you, and will be governed by local law and jurisdiction. We accept no liability for any breach of contract or negligent act or omission of any excursion/activity provider. Some excursions/ activities may contain an element of risk or require a good level of physical fitness, and, if in doubt, you should make direct inquiries with the local provider before deciding to buy and check that you are covered by your travel insurance policy. The same principle applies to any shop purchases in which you are involved, even where the shop is recommended by a local supplier or guide. We would therefore advise that you take care to establish exactly what you are buying and also take into account any difficulties that you might later find in returning faulty goods to the supplier.
Behaviour:
If in our reasonable opinion or in the opinion of any airline pilot, hotel manager, tour leader or other person in authority, your behaviour is causing, or is likely to cause, danger, upset or damage to property or persistently affecting the enjoyment of others, we reserve the right to terminate your holiday. Should this happen, no refund or compensation would be paid and we would have no further responsibility for your holiday arrangements including return travel. We reserve the right, entirely at our own discretion, to decline to take bookings from passengers who have previously travelled with us if we feel that to do so would not be in the interests of other travellers.
Passports and Visas:
It is your responsibility to ensure you are in possession of all necessary travel and health documents before departure. All costs incurred in obtaining such documentation must be paid by you. We regret we cannot accept any liability if you are refused entry onto any transport or into any country due to failure on your part to carry all required documentation. If failure to have any necessary travel or other documents results in fines, surcharges or other financial penalty or expenses being imposed on or incurred by us, you will be responsible for reimbursing us accordingly.
Fitness to Travel, Disabilities, and Mobility
Overseas services are not covered by the Equality Act 2010, and facilities that are expected and required in the UK are not available in many of our destinations. If you have a disability or any issue with mobility you should be aware that our tours may involve significant distances, embarkations and disembarkations, visits to places that lack lifts or ramps, and areas of steep or rough terrain. Tours, or parts of tours, may be unsuitable for those with disabilities or restricted mobility. Our brochures and our website contain a guide on Fitness to Travel. Our tours are not normally manageable for those with walking difficulties. Please consider this issue as carefully as we have, ask for our advice, and do not undertake a tour that is unsuited to yourself or another member of your party. Whilst we are committed to making every reasonable adjustment to provide access to our tours for those affected, our escorts and guides are responsible for the progress of the tour and for the tour group as a whole so cannot be relied upon to provide individual support or assistance such as pushing wheelchairs or carrying bags. Should you or any of your party require a carer or assistance with mobility, then you accept responsibility for including a suitably qualified person in your booking.
In making your booking, you confirm that you and all of your party are fit to take this tour, and that you have declared to us any disability or special need which is likely to affect the progress of the tour or the delivery to other travellers. If we reasonably consider that we are unable to properly accommodate the particular needs of the person concerned, we must reserve the right to decline their reservation or, if full details are not given at the time of booking, decline or cancel the reservation when we become aware of these details. You must also promptly advise us when any significant change in the condition or disability occurs or if any such medical condition or disability develops after your booking has been confirmed. If we consider at any time that the tour is unsuitable, we will try to provide alternative arrangements which overcome the issues and will offer them to you at an appropriate cost. Alternatively, we reserve the right to cancel the booking.
Should you or any of your party commence a tour without previously disclosing a disability or special need, and you are unable to take part in the activities or to keep to the daily schedule of the tour group, we reserve the right either to make whatever arrangements and engage whatever additional assistance we deem necessary for you to continue the tour, separately from the group if necessary, or else to make arrangements for your return to the UK without completing the tour. In either case you will be responsible for all additional costs.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you are aware of all recommended and required vaccination and health precautions in good time before departure, and to have any member of your party who may have doubts about their fitness consult with their own doctor.
Prices & Taxes
No Surcharge Guarantee
The price of your tour which we confirm to you at the time of booking, including any increases or reductions applied at that time, is fully guaranteed and is not subject to any surcharges, although changes to government taxes may be passed on to you.
Prices Do Not Include
Travel Insurance, optional excursions, tipping, overseas airport taxes (unless indicated), any government or tourist taxes or compulsory charges introduced after publication of a tour on our website.
Jules Verne's Responsibility
Where you do not suffer personal injury or death, we accept liability should any part of your holiday arrangements booked with us not be as described in the brochure from which you have made your booking and not be of a reasonable standard. We will pay you reasonable compensation (limited to a maximum of three times the amount paid) unless there has been no fault on our part or that of our suppliers and the reason for the failure in your holiday arrangements could not have been foreseen or avoided by us or our suppliers even if all due care had been exercised. We will use this maximum sum to assess the appropriate sum due to you in the circumstances of your particular complaint.
Should you suffer death or personal injury as a result of an activity forming part of your holiday arrangements booked with us, we accept responsibility unless there has been no fault on our part or that of our suppliers and the cause was your own fault, the actions of someone unconnected with your holiday arrangements or one which neither we nor our suppliers could have anticipated or avoided even with the exercise of all due care. Where such death or personal injury arises in the course of air travel, rail travel, sea travel or hotel accommodation, the amount of compensation you will receive is limited in accordance with the provisions of any applicable International Conventions (the 1999 Montreal Convention, the Warsaw Convention as amended by the Hague Protocol in 1955, the 1961 Berne Convention, the 1974 Athens Convention and the 1962 Paris Convention as amended). Copies of these Conventions may be obtained by writing to us, please allow at least 28 days for the provision of such information.
Should you suffer death, personal injury or illness as a result of an activity not forming part of holiday arrangements, booked with us, we give you advice, guidance and, at our discretion, financial assistance where appropriate up to a limit of £5,000. The financial assistance to enable legal action to be taken against the person responsible for your death, personal injury or illness. Should you recover any costs against a third party in respect of such legal action or be insured in respect of such costs and recover the same via insurers any costs actually incurred by us for which you are given assistance shall be recoverable from any costs recovered by you. Further, the financial assistance is per booking form, not per person. Any request for assistance under this section must be made within 90 days of the incident occurring.
Feedback and Complaints Procedure
Your feedback is really important to us. If you have cause for complaint while you are on tour you must notify the AWT Tour Manager, local representative, or local agent and give them the opportunity to help you there and then. If you do not raise concerns immediately, this may affect our ability to investigate and take remedial action and it may impact on the way your complaint is dealt with later.
If a problem remains unresolved during your holiday, the lead passenger (the person who made the booking) should make a complaint in writing to AWT within 28 days of the completion of the holiday. Please remember to quote your booking reference number and daytime telephone number. We will reply to you within 28 days of receipt of your letter, as laid down by the ABTA Tour Operator’s Code of Conduct.
We are a member of ABTA, membership number V1661. We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTA’s Code of Conduct and we certainly hope that we can settle any holiday complaints amicably. However, should this prove not to be the case, you may refer any dispute relating to our contract to arbitration under a scheme arranged by ABTA which is approved by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute. If we can’t resolve your complaint, go to www.abta.com to use ABTA’s simple procedure. Further information on the Code and ABTA’s assistance in resolving disputes can be found on: www.abta.com. The scheme provides for a simple and inexpensive method of arbitration on documents alone with restricted liability for you in respect of costs. The scheme does not apply to claims for an amount greater than £5,000 per person or £25,000 per booking form. Neither does it apply to claims which are solely in respect of physical injury or illness or their consequences, although claims which include an element of minor injury or illness can be considered subject to a limit of £1,500 on the amount the arbitrator can award per person, in respect of this element. The application for arbitration and Statement of Claim must be received by ABTA within 18 months of the date of return from the holiday. Outside this time limit arbitration under the scheme may still be available if we agree, but the ABTA Code does not require such agreement. You must also have previously registered your complaint via ABTA to qualify for arbitration.
You can also access the European Commission Online Dispute (ODR) Resolution platform at ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. This ODR platform is a means of registering your complaint with us; it will not determine how your complaint should be resolved.
We both agree that English Law (and no other) will apply to your contract and to any dispute, claim or other matter of any description (hereinafter referred to as “claim”) which arises between us (except as set out below). We both also agree that any claim (and whether or not involving any personal injury) must be dealt with under the ABTA arbitration scheme (if the scheme is available for the claim in question and you wish to use it) or by the Courts of England and Wales only unless, in the case of Court proceedings, you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland. In this case, proceedings must either be brought in the Courts of your home country or those of England and Wales. If proceedings are brought in Scotland or Northern Ireland, you may choose to have your contract and claim governed by the law of Scotland/Northern Ireland as applicable (but if you do not so choose, English law will apply).
Carriers and Other Suppliers
For portions of your itinerary involving air transport, cruising, or travel by coach, car, train, or ferry, you will be subject to the operational terms and conditions of the carrier and the regulations under which they operate. Airlines operate under international and (where appropriate) European conventions, treaties and regulations in regard to delay, cancellation, and denied boarding which have specific provisions regarding claims for compensation. Such claims, and those for loss or damage to your baggage, should be made directly to the airline. Although we will always use our best efforts to ensure that your tour is delivered as promised, we cannot be held responsible for delays, for necessary changes to your itinerary, or for other adverse occurrences or mishaps that are outside our control or could not have been foreseen or forestalled, and no compensation for such events or their consequences will be due from us. For any claims to be considered, you must communicate the failure locally to the supplier and to ourselves at the earliest opportunity.
Flights & Airlines
We reserve the right to amend the carrier, type of aircraft or timings on any of the itineraries. When you travel with an airline, scheduled or otherwise, the Conditions of Carriage of that airline apply. Some of these will limit or even exclude liability. These conditions are the subject of International Agreements between countries. We can normally advise you of the Conditions, or copies can be made available upon request.
Voluntary Denied Boarding:
On rare occasions passengers at the airport may be approached by the airline and offered, with appropriate compensation, a move to a later flight. If this is accepted you should be aware that as a result you may incur additional costs for separate transfer arrangements at your destination.
Flight Delays:
Flight timings are provided by airlines. They are subject to air traffic control restrictions, weather conditions, the need for constant maintenance and the ability of passengers to check in on time. There is no guarantee that the flights will depart at the time shown either in the brochure, on your invoice or on the tickets. The timings are estimates only. When booking connecting flights, rail or car parking or indeed any arrangements that rely on flight timings, you are strongly advised to allow for possible variations.
In the event of a flight being delayed, be it outward, onward or homeward, the relevant airline will make arrangements, dependent on the time of day and duration of the delay.
Direct Flights:
Where a flight is described as direct, this means that no change of aircraft is necessary. Stops may be made en route for re-fuelling or to pick up/set down passengers. We do not however provide details of such stops where applicable in our documentation.
Air Travel:
Airline schedules are quoted as known at the time of going to press, but are subject to possible alterations. Details in respect of flight timings, duration of flights and points of stop-over en route will be sent with your confirmation invoice and with your final travel documents.
Community List:
In accordance with EU directive (EC) no. 2111/2005, Article 9, we are required to bring to your attention the existence of a ‘Community List’ which contains details of air carriers that are subject to an operating ban within the EU Community. The Community List is available for inspection via ec.europa.eu/transport/air-ban/list_en.htm
Literature Descriptions & Prices
Important Notice:
Unfortunately, it is inevitable that some of the prices and details contained within our literature may have changed since printed. We must reserve the right to make such changes. You will be informed about any changes to any of the relevant details within this literature when you book and before you enter into a contract with us as part of our commitment to quality customer service.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the most up-to-date and correct prices are shown on our website and in our literature, there may on occasion be an incorrect price shown, due to an unfortunate error. When we become aware of any such error, we will endeavour to notify you at the time of booking (if we are then aware of the mistake) or within 7 days of the time of booking, or as soon as reasonably possible. We must reserve the right to cancel the booking if you do not wish to accept the price which is actually applicable to the holiday, in which case you will be given the choice to amend your booking to an alternative holiday at the correct price.
We reserve the right to change any of the services or facilities or prices described in the literature or on our website at any time before a contract is made between us. If there is any change we will tell you before you enter into a contract.
Website Descriptions & Prices
Website Accuracy:
We rigorously check the information about accommodation, resorts, itineraries etc., to ensure it is correct to the best of our knowledge. Advertised web copy descriptions and facilities may change before and after you book. Please check the up to date position at the time of booking. Please bear in mind that hoteliers, restaurateurs, tour guides etc., may wish to maintain or improve their facilities, or even take a break themselves. Flight times, carriers and routes advertised are given for guidance only as there may be changes. Final details will be shown on your tickets. Tour, excursion or cruise itineraries may change as a result of local conditions. Circumstances such as these, or weather conditions, time of year or other situations beyond our control etc., may cause some of the amenities we have described to be unavailable or different from those advertised. When we are told of any significant or long term changes we will always endeavour to advise you prior to your departure
Website Copyright
The copyright in the material on this website rests with AWT, its suppliers and its clients. Your access to it does not imply a licence to reproduce and/or distribute this information. This means that you cannot reproduce or distribute this information. This website is governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of England and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Our Privacy Policy
Our policy applies to all our online activity where this policy document is found. It describes how we process and hold your personal information. It also applies to the version of our website accessed via mobile phones and tablet computers.
We will update this privacy policy occasionally. The policy only applies to private individuals and not to corporate clients, trade customers or entities acting other than as private individuals.
The law requires us to treat your information in certain ways and we will do that in respect of all data we receive from visitors to this site.
Acquiring Your Data:
Your data is passed to us; when you contact us directly, normally via our website or our sales team, whether to purchase one of our products or services or to make another enquiry;
When you make a purchase, we may collect payment information. For example, your billing address and credit card number if you make a payment; We do not collect your payment details directly on our website;
To allow us correctly to identify you;
From data we collect at conferences and events;
When you use our website, we may we use Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about you to ensure that we are able to provide a website which works well for all of our users. This information cannot be used to identify you. Information includes the browser, and device you are using, as well as the referring URL and where you are located geographically. Further information on google analytics can be found here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
How We Collect Your Data:
You provide data directly to us when, for example, you register on our website or sign up for e-mails;
We collect data when you visit our website either using a desktop browser or mobile phone via tracking tools such as cookies;
We collect data from you from one visit to another, so we understand how you use our website over time;
Website data may be collected on behalf by 3rd parties such as Google with their google analytics tools;
We collect data from 3rd parties including social media such as Twitter and Instagram;
We aggregate and combine data from more than one source.
How We Use Your Data:
We may use your data, collected from the above sources, for lots of reasons such as;
To provide you with services from us to you that you requested;
To answer our queries and enquiries, either about products you wish to purchase or products you have already purchased;
If you have consented, to let you know about promotions, conferences and events we are running;
To respond to any customer feed-back you give us or to help with other communications;
To let you know if we have amended your account in some way or modified your purchases with us;
To keep you informed about the progress of your bookings;
To help us to tailor our services to your needs;
To help us to identify you correctly when you contact us;
For general administration;
To help us develop and improve our products;
If you have consented, to let you know about new products and services we may offer or variations to existing products and services;
As part of customer profiling and analysis to help us develop our sales and marketing efforts productively;
Data Security and Use of Our Website:
We do our very best to keep our website secure. However, you recognise when providing your information to us through our website or when you send us or ask us to send you any of your confidential information by email, that the internet and email communications over the internet may not be secure, for example if you are communicating with us over public, non-secured, Wi-Fi Access Points. We cannot be responsible for any loss or unauthorised interception of information transmitted via the internet which is beyond our control.
Providing us with Information:
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm to us that you have their permission to do so and that they are aware of the contents of this privacy policy and do not have any objection to our processing their information in accordance with this policy.
You are responsible for informing us of any change in your details, such as a change of address. You have a right to ask us to correct any inaccuracies in the information we hold about you.
You have a right to ask what information we hold about you.
You may contact us at this address for these purposes; Ancient World Tours. The Distillery, Dunton, Norfolk, NR21 7PG. UK. Alternatively, you can call us on (+44) 0333 335 9494  (Telephone calls to us may be recorded and/or monitored for training purposes).
All Tours
News & Events
Contact Us
Talk to someone?
0333 335 9494
Ancient World Tours
The Distillery, Dunton, Norfolk, NR21 7PG, UK
0333 335 9494
+44 333 335 9494
Subscribe to AWT Newsletter
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
AWT is an agent of Jules Verne.
These Air Holiday Packages are ATOL Protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. JV's ATOL No. 11234
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.