http://www.eagle-eye.com/privacy
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update and Information for Eagle-Eye Tours Customers
Privacy Policy
It is the policy of Eagle-Eye Tours that personal information,
such as your name and email address or telephone
number is
private and confidential. Because your
privacy is important
to us, Eagle-Eye Tours
maintains an Internet privacy policy
to protect the
personal information you may be providing to
us
and will not be disclosed to any third party without user
consent.
Like most standard website servers we use log files to track
and monitor the user’s movement within our site. IP
addresses are recorded, but are not linked to personally
identifiable
information.
Eagle-Eye Tours offers a variety of services to you. Personal
information is collected and retained only when you
voluntarily
provide it. Such information is
received by us only when you
send an email through
the website or make some other specific
contact
such as a response to an advertisement. The personal
information you provide to Eagle-Eye Tours is forwarded only
to the person or department that is equipped to handle your
request and is used only to respond to your
inquiry.
As a courtesy to our users, we provide links to other sites
as a service and take no responsibility for the privacy
policy
of those sites or how your personally
identifiable information
is used by those sites or
their third party partners.
When you provide us with personal Information, you consent
to the collection and use of this information to Eagle-Eye Tours.
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be
promptly communicated
on this page. Policy changes
will not alter how we handle
previously submitted
personal information.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy,
please contact us
Terms For Conversion Tracking, Custom Audiences From Your Website, and Custom Audiences From Your Mobile App
Facebook provides certain features and tools, such as pixels, SDKs and APIs (“Facebook Tools”) that you can add to your websites or apps to allow you to send data about actions that people take on your websites or apps (“Event Data”) to Facebook, including to track conversions or create custom audiences of people who have visited your website or app. By clicking “Accept” and using these features and tools, you agree to the following:
A. Facebook will use the Event Data received to provide you with the Facebook services you choose to use, such as providing you with insights about the effectiveness of your ads or the use of your websites/apps, or to create your custom audience for advertising, and in accordance with our Data Policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). Event Data will also enable us to better target ads and to optimize our systems. In connection with such targeting and optimization, Facebook will: (i) use Event Data collected from your website or mobile app for ads optimization only after such Event Data has been aggregated with other data collected from other advertisers or third parties or otherwise collected on Facebook and (ii) not allow other advertisers or third parties to target advertising solely on the basis of Event Data collected from your website or mobile app.
B. Event Data will not be disclosed to other advertisers or to third parties, unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. Facebook will maintain the confidentiality and security of Event Data, including by maintaining technical and physical safeguards that are designed to (a) protect the security and integrity of data while it is within Facebook's systems and (b) guard against the accidental or unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of data within Facebook's systems.
C. You agree and confirm that you (or your data providers) have provided robust and sufficiently prominent notice to and obtained the necessary consent from your users regarding the Event Data collection, sharing and usage enabled by your use of the Facebook Tools. This must include, at a minimum:
For websites, a clear and prominent notice on each webpage where Facebook Tools are used that links to a clear explanation (a) that third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from your websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads, (b) how users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, and (c) where a user can access a mechanism for exercising such choice (e.g., providing links to http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/).
For apps, a clear and prominent link that is easily accessible inside your app settings or any privacy policy and from within any store or website where your app is distributed that links to a clear explanation (a) that third parties, including Facebook, may collect or receive information from your app and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads, and (b) how and where users can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting.
In jurisdictions that require informed consent for the storing and accessing of cookies or other information on an end user’s device (such as but not limited to the European Union), you must ensure, in a verifiable manner, that an end user provides the necessary consent before you use Facebook Tools to enable Facebook to store and access cookies or other information on the end user’s device. (For suggestions on implementing consent mechanisms, visit Facebook’s Cookie Consent Guide for Sites and Apps.)
D. You agree not combine any information obtained in connection with these terms with personally identifiable information. You further agree that you will not share with us information that you know or reasonably should know is from or about children under the age of 13 or that includes health, financial, or other categories of sensitive information (including any information defined as sensitive under applicable law).
E. You agree that Facebook may include notice in or around your advertisements explaining that the ad is targeted, and you agree that you will not modify, obscure, or otherwise interfere with these notices, including any technical components that enable users to access additional information or choice mechanisms.
F. Facebook may modify, suspend or terminate access to, or discontinue at any time the availability of Facebook Tools. You may discontinue your use of the Facebook Tools at any time. If applicable, you may delete your custom audience from the Facebook system at any time through your account tools.
G. If you are using any of these features on behalf of a third party, you also represent and warrant that you have the authority as agent to such party to use such features on their behalf and will bind such party to these terms. These Terms govern your use of the Facebook Tools. The Facebook Tools are part of “Facebook” under Facebook’s Statement of Rights and Responsibilities (https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms, the “SRR”), and your use of these tools is deemed part of your use of, and actions on, “Facebook.”
These Terms do not replace any terms applicable to your purchase of advertising inventory from Facebook, and such terms will continue to apply to your ad campaigns for which you are using the Facebook Tools. In the event of any conflict between these Terms and such terms or the SRR, these Terms will govern solely with respect to your use of Facebook Tools, and solely to the extent of the conflict. Facebook reserves the right to monitor or audit your compliance with these terms and to update these terms from time to time, and your continued use of these features constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Trustpilot
About Us
Reviews20+ YearsAbout Our ToursOur GuidesInsurance FAQWe Give BackPrivacy PolicyLogin
Trips By Region
AfricaAntarcticaAsia & South PacificCanada & USAEuropeMexico, Central America & CaribbeanSouth America
More Eagle-Eye Tours
Photo ToursTranquilo ToursWildlife ToursOur BrochureBlog/NewsNewsletterContact Us
Travel with VisionCall Now: 1.800.373.5678