https://www.mountainbothies.org.uk/privacy-cookies/
Cookie Policy | Mountain Bothies Association UK
MEMBERSHIPJOIN
MEMBERSHIPLOGIN
MEMBERSHIPJOIN
MEMBERSHIPLOGIN
Home
Donate
Note on Legacies
About the MBA
MBA History
Annual Reports
Archive
Bothies
What is a Bothy?
Using a Bothy
Location Map
Maintaining a Bothy
Make a Bothy Report
Attend a Work Party
Bothy Code
FAQ
Accessing Bothies
Volunteer
Work Party Dates
Work Party Volunteer Information
Join
News
Online Shop
Contact Us
Membership Join
Membership Login
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Visiting our website with your personal browser settings configured to accept cookies implies to us that you are in consent to our use of cookies as described below.
The Law
On May 25th 2012 a European Union law was implemented by UK legislation, The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011, with a requirement that websites that leave non-essential cookies on visitors’ devices have to inform the visitor what these cookies are. This website complies with this law by providing information on the cookies we use so that if you choose you can either modify your browser settings to manage cookies or leave the website.
How we use Cookies
This web site also uses non-essential cookies so that we can serve you better, but all user data collected in this manner is anonymous. This site uses visitor tracking that will use cookies to track information about how visitors come to the website, which pages they visit, and other actions that visitors make whilst on the site. This data is then used in order to improve the user experience of our web site.
Non-essential Cookies also enhance our web site performance in a number of ways, personalising your experience on our site, making it more convenient for you.
Your Options
Should you wish to do so, you can refuse cookies by disabling them in your web browser’s settings. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. Please consult the support documentation for your web browser, which can be found online, for more information. More detailed information about controlling cookies on your computer is also available at the About Cookies website.
If you do not wish to disable cookies then you have the option to leave the website.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent in a text file to your computer browser from a website’s server and is then stored on your computer, but only IF your browser’s preferences are set by you to allow it. The only personal information a cookie can obtain is information a user supplies. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
NB: If you are browsing from within a work based network you may not have adequate permissions to allow you to control the cookies that are set.
This site uses the following non-essential cookies:
Cookie name
Cookie purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
Used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy
Google.com
NID
PREF
HSID
APISID
These are Google preference cookies, a unique identifier used by Google applications to store user preferences. They may not be delivered depending on the browser being used.
Learn more about Google’s Privacy Policy
PHPSESSID
This cookie is essential for site functionality and is used to store and retrieve values for a user as they navigate the site. It is held temporarily in memory and is deleted when the browser is closed.
Find a Bothy
Select an area from the list below.
Northern HighlandsNorth West Highlands & IslandsWestern Highlands & IslandsSouthwest Highlands & IslandsCentral HighlandsEastern HighlandsSouthern ScotlandNorthern England & BordersWales
BACK TO LOCATION MAP
Respect the Bothy
Respect Other Users
Respect the Surroundings
Respect Agreement with the Estate
Respect the Restriction On Numbers
Make a Bothy Report
Join MBA
Make a Donation
Latest News
Important: Latest COVID-19 & General Access News –
updated: 26 September 202014/08/2016
Peanmeanach Bothy – Now Permanently Closed28/09/2020
2020 Annual General Meeting25/08/2020
Oban Bothy locked27/07/2020
Report and Accounts and Review of the year 201925/07/2020
An Cladach – Closed Until March 202124/07/2020
Gelder Shiel Bothy Locked01/07/2020
Glas Allt Shiel Bothy Locked29/05/2020
Greensykes – Misuse of Stove02/02/2020
VIEW ALL NEWS
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK
Home
About
Bothies
Volunteer
Join
Bothy Report
Donate
News
Online Shop
Contact Us
FAQs
Accounts
Complaints Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
© Copyright Mountain Bothies Association,
Edenbank House,
22 Crossgate,
Cupar,
Fife,
KY15 5HWMountain Bothies Association is a charity registered in Scotland, no. SC008685 and a company limited by guarantee and registered in Scotland, no. SC191425