https://www.daydreams-travel.com/privacy-policy
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
T : +44 (0) 1884 840786 | E : jennyday@daydreams-travel.com
SPECIAL OFFERS
About
FAQ
Press
Contact
Gulet Charter
Cabin Bookings
Tailor-Made Land Tours
Tailor-Made Istanbul
Home
Navigation
Gulet Charters
Deluxe Boats
Luxury Boats
Standard Boats
Charter Prices – How to Book
Gulet Cabin Bookings
Istanbul
Land Tours
North Aegean
Cappadocia
Turkish Aegean Itinerary
Coastal Itineraries
Fethiye Gulf to Antalya
Marmaris to Gocek
Bodrum - Bodrum
Bodrum - Marmaris
Bodrum - Gocek
The Dodecanese - Northern Route
The Dodecanese - Southern Route
Fact File
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
DayDreams Travel is committed to defending your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal data on our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check back for changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to jennyday@daydreams-travel.com or by writing to DayDreams Travel Limited, 2 Hunters Hill, Culmstock, Devon, EX15 3HH, England. Alternatively, you can telephone 01884 840786.
About DayDreams
DayDreams Travel was founded by Jenny Day in 1987 following a 5-star corporate weekend to Istanbul for 100 clients from her London based PR consultancy. Using her expert organisational skills, she put together several gulet charters. They were so successful the word spread and her dream of offering a special style of holiday to a wider audience become a reality.
Today, (April 2018) DayDreams continues to operate as a specialist in Turkish gulet holidays and bespoke travel to Turkey.
How do we Collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, email or by telephone. For example, when you contact us with an enquiry about our service, to make a booking, or if you register to receive one of our email newsletters.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when. Additionally, we will require your passport details to process a holiday booking.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
• process enquiries that you have submitted;
• to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
• seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
• notify you of changes to our services;
• send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you. These may include information about campaigns, activities and promotions of our services.
We review our retention period for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our duties and services. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in contracts you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, for the purposes of providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process payments and send you mailings). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information necessary to deliver the service. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond DayDreams Travel, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime. We are also required to provide obligatory passport details in compliance with security/immigration documents for Turkish port authorities.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers.
Your choices
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: jennyday@daydreams-travel.com or telephone on 01884 840786.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. If you change email address, or any of the other information we hold is inaccurate or out of date, please email us at jennyday@daydreams-travel.com or by writing to DayDreams Travel Limited, 2 Hunters Hill, Culmstock, Devon, EX15 3HH, England. Alternatively, you can telephone 01884 840786.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Use of 'cookies'
Like many other websites, the DayDreams Travel website uses cookies. 'Cookies' are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and are anonymous.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using a website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third-party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third-party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. Please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
If you use our website while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide access to the website.
Policy review
We keep this Policy under review, last updated in April 2018.
LATEST NEWS
2021 - CABIN BOOKINGS/DATES
Jun 17, 2020
CABIN BOOKINGS - SUMMER 2020
May
1, 2020
2020 PRIVATE CHARTERS GULETS
May
1, 2020
FOLLOW US
ABOUT US
DayDreams Travel offers gulet holidays, both private charters and cabins only, on a diverse range of gulets from low budget to luxury and superior deluxe gulets, with numerous flexible itineraries along the Turkish coastline and Greek Dodecanese islands.
DayDreams Travel was founded by Jenny Day in 1987 following a corporate weekend to Istanbul for 100 clients from her London based PR consultancy. Using her expert organisational skills she went on to organise several  gulet charters. They were so successful the word spread and her dream of offering a special style of holiday to a wider audience become a reality.
TESTIMONIALS
"I recreated our favourite family holiday to celebrate my husband's 70th birthday and all the family joined us for a week. Everyone, aged 11 to 70, had a fabulous time. There was enough space for moments of quiet but mainly we partied! The boat was beautiful, the crew were all charming, the food was delicious and the sun shone. Perfect! Luckily I have a big birthday next year!" Kate Warnock-Smith and family travelled on Kaya Guneri 3 in August 2016
CONTACT
By telephone :
+44 (0) 1884 840786
By email :
jennyday@daydreams-travel.com
By post :
DayDreams Travel Limited, 2 Hunters Hill Culmstock, Devon, EX15 3HH, England. Registered in England 2208440
Newsletter :
Name
Email
Subscribe
Copyright © All rights reserved by DayDreams Travel Limited. Use of, or reproduction of text or photographs is prohibited without a specific agreement with DayDreams. Privacy Policy
Website developed by Cosmic