http://www.cornwallfoodanddrink.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.  Occasionally we collect personal information to enable us to keep members and others informed about Cornwall Food & Drink (CFD). It also helps us to improve our services, and how we promote them.  If an individual does not want to be on our mailing list for these purposes, they can opt out at any time by notifying us.
We may also use personal information to send important notices about membership such as changes to the terms and conditions.  Because this information is important to the scheme, members may not opt out of receiving these communications.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis and research to improve our products, services and communications.
We also collect non-personal information - data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.  This might include, for example, post code, so that we can better understand member behaviour and improve our products, services and advertising.
We also may collect and aggregate anonymised information to help us carry out research and improve our products and services.  This is classified as non-personal information.
If we combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Personal information will not be shared with third parties for their marketing or advertising purposes.
Personal information may be shared with companies who provide services such as information systems and payment processing. These companies are obliged to protect this information.
It may be necessary - by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and government authorities within or outside the UK - for us to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose personal information if we determine that disclosure is necessary or appropriate for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
We may also disclose personal information if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions, protect other users, or preserve our intellectual or other property. Additionally, in the event of a reorganisation, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information to the relevant third party.
We take administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We retain personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in these terms and conditions unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Individuals can request access to the data we hold and should take appropriate steps to notify us of necessary amendments.  If we are not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes, individuals may ask us to delete their personal information. We may decline to process requests for access to information that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardise the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by law.
Cornwall Food & Drink Ltd
Privacy Policy last revised June 2018
Search for:
Recent Posts
Get on board the Export Hub truck….
Save the Date –
Great Cornish Food Festival: 23, 24, 25 September.
Great Cornish Food Store is Announced
Exporting is Great – The Demand is Out There
We’re recruiting…