http://www.lefthandbrewing.com/privacy-policy
Are you of Legal drinking Age?
Sorry, you need to be of legal drinking age to access this site.
Yes
No
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Like most website operators, Left Hand Brewing Company collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Left Hand Brewing Co.’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Left Hand Brewing Co.’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Left Hand Brewing Company may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Left Hand Brewing Company also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on LeftHandBrewing.com blogs/sites. Left Hand Brewing Company only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Certain visitors to Left Hand Brewing Co.’s websites choose to interact with Left Hand Brewing Company in ways that require Left Hand Brewing Company to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Left Hand Brewing Company gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at LeftHandBrewing.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Left Hand Brewing Company are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Left Hand Brewing Company collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Left Hand Brewing Company. Left Hand Brewing Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS
Left Hand Brewing Company may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Left Hand Brewing Company may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Left Hand Brewing Company does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Left Hand Brewing Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Left Hand Brewing Co.’s behalf or to provide services available at Left Hand Brewing Co.’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Left Hand Brewing Co.’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Left Hand Brewing Company will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Left Hand Brewing Company discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Left Hand Brewing Company believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Left Hand Brewing Company, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Left Hand Brewing Company website and have supplied your email address, Left Hand Brewing Company may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Left Hand Brewing Company and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Left Hand Brewing Company takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Left Hand Brewing Company uses cookies to help Left Hand Brewing Company identify and track visitors, their usage of Left Hand Brewing Company website, and their website access preferences. Left Hand Brewing Company visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Left Hand Brewing Co.’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Left Hand Brewing Co.’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Left Hand Brewing Company may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted to this page.
CONSENT
By using our website, you consent to our privacy policy.
CONTACTING US
If there are any questions regarding our privacy policy you
may contact us using the information below:
Left Hand Brewing Company
1265 Boston Avenue
Longmont, CO 80501
From our hand to yours.TM
×
Close
Delete