http://www.buick.com/here-to-help
We're Here To Help | Coronavirus | Buick Support
here to help
You are currently viewing Buick.com (United States). Close this window to stay here or choose another country to see vehicles and services specific to your location.
Canada
China
Mexico
United States
Continue
Skip to Main Content
Vehicles
Shopping Tools
Offers
Dealers
Discover Buick
Owners
Search
Menu
Shopping Tools
Offers
Dealers
Discover Buick
Owners
Search
BACK
We are here for you and ready to help
COVID-19 has made this a challenging time for some of our family and customers to get clear information. That’s why we created this page–to give you a one-stop spot for information when it comes to your Buick vehicle questions. Whether you have questions about your vehicle or you need to discuss financial issues, or other resources, we’ve compiled answers to as many questions as we can. These are unprecedented times. And we’re taking unprecedented steps to help you and your family get through them.
Duncan Aldred Global Vice President Buick and GMC
HELPFUL RESOURCES
FOR OWNERS
FOR SHOPPERS
FOR OUR COMMUNITY
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
disclosures
disclosures
INTRODUCING BUICK CLEAN
COMMITTED TO ENHANCED CLEANING
With CDC-Approved Cleansers
Your vehicle’s cleanliness has never been more important. That’s why Buick Clean dealers are committed to using enhanced vehicle cleaning measures with CDC-approved cleansers before delivering your vehicle after purchase or service, including cleaning your instrument panel, hard and plastic surfaces, seats and carpet.1
Locate a Buick Clean Dealer
1At participating dealers. As part of the Buick Clean Program, participating dealers commit to follow CDC guidelines regarding the cleaning of facilities and vehicles. Neither the Buick Clean Program nor a dealer’s enrollment in the Program should be deemed to state or imply that any dealer’s cleaning activities can eliminate or prevent transmission of any virus, illness or disease.  Each dealer is independently operated and solely responsible for adherence to Program rules and CDC guidelines. Cleaning methods may vary.
FOR OWNERS
CAN I STILL GO TO MY BUICK DEALER?
We are here for you. We encourage you to call or visit your dealership’s website for the most up-to-date information as dealership availability and hours of operations are subject to change or restriction during this time. While your vehicle may not be top-of-mind at the moment, we want you to know that we are here to help and our Certified Service expert technicians are available for vehicle maintenance and repair where available.
Locate a Dealer
HELP WITH GM FINANCIAL QUESTIONS
If you have been financially impacted by COVID-19 and have questions about payments or other issues related to your Buick vehicle financed through GM Financial, they are here to help and guide you.
Visit GM Financial
HELP FROM ONSTAR®
We are making OnStar® Crisis Assist† services available to current Buick owners for a limited time. You get access to specially trained Advisors who are ready to help 24/7 during emergencies and other unexpected situations.
Visit OnStar®
FOR SHOPPERS
SHOP ONLINE
1. SELECT YOUR VEHICLE
2. CREATE YOUR DEAL
3. SCHEDULE YOUR DELIVERY
TAKE DELIVERY AT HOME FROM PARTICIPATING DEALERS
START BUYING PROCESS
WHAT IF I NEED A NEW VEHICLE?
We are offering great Purchase Allowance offers on most 2020 Buick SUV models1
FOR OUR COMMUNITY
SUPPORTING THE FIGHT
GM, the owner of the Buick brand, is working with Ventec Life Systems to enable them to rapidly scale production of important respiratory products to support the fight against this pandemic.
Learn More
MAKING FACE MASKS FOR FRONTLINE WORKERS
GM, the owner of the Buick brand, has launched a rapid-response project to produce the face masks that are urgently needed. Working around the clock, our teams rallied to quickly activate a plan to produce the masks at scale.
Learn More
CDC CORONAVIRUS GUIDELINES
As the nation's health protection agency, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) offers clear, authoritative and up-to-date guidance and information to help protect people from health, safety and security threats. We look to them for guidance on our actions.
Visit CDC.gov
HELP SUPPORT THE RED CROSS
Blood donations are needed to help maintain the nation’s lifesaving blood supply. Donating is a safe process, and we’re asking healthy individuals to follow CDC and state guidelines and help by giving now if possible.
Pledge to Give Blood
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
CHAT WITH US
Click the link below to chat with one of our representatives.
Chat hours of operation (EST): Monday – Friday        8:00AM – 11:59PM Saturday                      9:00AM – 11:59PM Sunday                        11:00AM – 11:59PM
CHAT NOW
VEHICLES
All Vehicles
SUVs & Crossovers
Cars
Wagon
Avenir Line
Brochures
Request Information
Encore Line
Discontinued Vehicles
DISCOVER
Discover Buick
Design
Safety
Connectivity
Performance
Awards & Accolades
History
SHOP
Build & Price
Find a Dealer
View Inventory
Request a Quote
Request a Test Drive
Shop Click Drive
Accessories
Certified Pre-Owned
Protection
FINANCE
Current Offers
Estimate Payments
Trade-In Appraisal
Apply for Credit
Discount Programs
BuyPower Card
GM Financial
OWNERS
Owner Center
myBuick App
Certified Service
Warranty
Protection
Manuals
Recall Notices
Learning & Support
Contact Us  |  Sitemap  | GM Fleet  |  Pressroom  | History
Contact Us  |  Sitemap  | GM Fleet  |  Pressroom  | History
Follow Buick:
CHAT NOW
Copyright & Trademark  |  GM Sites  |  GM Privacy Statement  |  Important Information  |  User Guidelines
Ad Choices
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
1. Excludes 1SV model. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take new retail delivery by 11/2/20.
Dealership availability and hours of operation are subject to change in accordance with all federal and local laws and restrictions.
1. Excludes 1SV model. Not available with lease, special finance and some other offers. Take new retail delivery by 11/2/20. Dealership availability and hours of operation are subject to change in accordance with all federal and local laws and restrictions.
OnStar plan, working electrical system, cell reception, and GPS signal required. OnStar links to emergency services. See onstar.com for coverage map, details, and system limitations. Limited-time offer. Services provided by OnStar in its sole discretion.
Excludes Encore GX and 1SV models. Monthly payment is $11.90 for every $1,000 you finance. Average example down payment is 4.6%. Some customers may not qualify. Not available with leases and some other offers. Take retail delivery by 6/1/20. Dealership availability and hours of operation are subject to change in accordance with all federal and local laws and restrictions.
The Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Buick vehicles’ destination freight charges.
EPA-estimated.
Service varies with conditions and location. Requires active service plan and paid AT&T® data plan. See onstar.com for details and limitations. Vehicle must be on or in accessory position for Wi-Fi® to function.
EPA estimated mpg: 22 city/29 hwy FWD, 21/27 hwy AWD with standard 2.5L engine. 20 city/25 hwy AWD with available 2.0L turbo engine.
Cargo volume with rear seat folded is 57.3 cu. ft. Cargo volume with rear seat up is 26.9 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Read the vehicle Owner’s Manual for important feature limitations and information.
Government 5-Star Safety Ratings are part of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's (NHTSA's) New Car Assessment Program (www.SaferCar.gov).
Functionality varies by model. Full functionality requires compatible Bluetooth® and smartphone, and USB connectivity for some devices.
Map coverage available in the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada.
EPA-estimated: 27 mpg city/33 mpg highway - 1.4L Turbo with VVT, SIDI and Stop/Start technology FWD
Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Vehicle user interface is a product of Apple® and its terms and privacy statements apply.  Requires compatible iPhone® and data plan rates apply.  Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc.  Siri, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks for Apple Inc, registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Vehicle user interface is a product of Google™ and its terms and privacy statements apply. Requires the Android Auto app on Google Play and an Android™-compatible smartphone running Android 5.0 or higher. Data plan rates apply. Android Auto is a trademark of Google LLC.
EPA estimated.
Cargo volume with second and third row folded is 97.6 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Vehicle user interfaces are products of Apple and Google and their terms and privacy statements apply. Requires compatible smartphone and data plan rates apply. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Siri, iPhone and iTunes are trademarks of Apple Inc, registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android and Android Auto are trademarks of Google Inc.
The system wirelessly charges one compatible mobile device. Some phones have built-in wireless charging technology and others require a special adapter/back cover. To check for phone or other device compatibility, click here or consult your carrier.
Cargo volume behind first row seat is 73.5 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Cascada cargo volume: 13.4 cu. ft. with top up; 9.8 cu. ft. with top down. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Read the vehicle’s owner’s manual for important feature limitations and information.
EPA-estimated: 2.5L engine – 25 city / 35 hwy (FWD); optional V6 3.6L engine – 21 city / 30 hwy (FWD); 20 city / 29 hwy (AWD).
EPA-estimated: 2.5L engine - 25 city/35 hwy (FWD); optional V6 3.6L engine - 20 city/30 hwy (FWD); 20 city/29 hwy (AWD).
EPA estimated.
EPA estimated.
EPA estimated.
Requires available Trailering Package. Before you buy a vehicle or use it for trailering, carefully review the trailering section of the Owner’s Manual. The weight of passengers, cargo and options or accessories may reduce the amount you can tow.
EPA-estimated MPG: 25 city/30 hwy FWD
EPA-estimated mpg: 21 city/29 hwy.
Cargo volume behind first-row seat is 73.5 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
With cargo area floor lowered and seats folded. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Buick Driver Confidence includes the following: Forward Collision Alert, Automatic Emergency Braking, Lane Keep Assist with Lane Departure Warning, Following Distance Indicator, IntelliBeam headlamps and Front Pedestrian Braking.
Apple iPhone®/iPod® devices support Bluetooth Audio streaming with limited functionality. Please connect through USB to use all features of the Buick Infotainment System.
EPA-estimated MPG: 22 city/32 hwy FWD
Cargo volume behind first-row seats with second row folded is 60.7 cu. ft. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.
Not available with lease, special finance, and some other offers. Take new retail delivery by 11/2/20. Dealership availability and hours of operation are subject to change in accordance with all federal and local laws and restrictions.
|