http://www.abatemn.org/policies-and-statements/policies-and-statements
Skip to Main Content
American Bikers for Awareness, Training, and Education (A.B.A.T.E.) of Minnesota
Search
Search this site:
Current issue of Road Noise (large file)
Home
JoinJoin ABATE Now
Membership Benefits
Printable Membership Application
Legislation2020 Bikerday Talking Points
Are You Registered to Vote? ABATE Can Help
Minnesota Motorcycle Profiling Form for Statewide Use
Earn Your Write to Ride Patch
MN Laws & RegsVertical Plate Law
MN Red Light Law
MN's Equal Access for Motorcyclists Statute
Track Legislation and Find Your Legislators
Calendar / Events2020 ABATE Of MN State Rally Information2020 ABATE State Rally Schedule
Congrats to the 2020 ABATE State Rally Raffle Winners!
2020 ABATE State Rally Flyer
2020 ABATE University Raffle Info
Thank You 2020 ABATE of MN Rally Sponsors
ABATE of Minnesota's 15th Annual Bikerday at the Capitol2020 Bikerday Talking Points
2020 Bikerday Photos
Event Photos2014 Bikerday Photos
ABATE Calendar
Links / ContactsABATE Contacts
Chapter Info
Chapter Sites
Other Links
Road Noise Archive2007 issues
2008 issues
2009 issues
2010 Issues
2011 issues
2012 issues
2013 Issues
2014 Issues
2015 Issues
2016 Issues
2017 Issues
2018 Issues
2019 Issues
2020 Issues
SafetyGovernor Walz Signs ABATE of MN's Motorcycle Awareness Proclamation
Motorist Awareness of Motorcyclists Video PSA
Start Seeing Motorcyclists Video
Look Twice for Motorcyclists PSA
MN House of Representative May is Motorcycle Awareness Month Resolution
Share the Road Featured in Drivers Training NewsletterShare the Road Class
Inside Look at MMSC's Basic Riders Course
Motorcycle Training in Minnesota
StoreJoin ABATE Now
Bikerday Pin
Contact Us
Policies and Statements
Refund/Return Policy:No Refunds / No Return
Our Privacy Statement:
We are highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believe that the protection of those interests is one of our most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of these obligations, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that are acquired in the course of our business together:
Acquisition of Information. We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service efficiently and securely.
Our Employees and Privacy. We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
Security Measures. We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
Disclosure to Third Parties. We will provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties only if we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority, we have the express permission of the consumer, or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
Privacy and Our Business Partners. When we make our technology or services available to business partners, we will not share with them any more consumer information than is necessary and we will make every reasonable effort to assure, by contract or otherwise, that they use our technology and services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via email. Thank you.
Delivery Method and Timing:Your purchase will be confirmed within 5-15 days of your purchase.
Home
Policies and Statements
Contact Us
Copyright 2013 | ABATE MNDesigned by: emkay&co