https://www.austinpassport.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
It is the policy of Austin Passport Express to protect and preserve the privacy of its users and customers, and the confidentiality of the information they provide, subject to conditions described below. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. Be assured that we will not disclose personal Information to third parties without your direct consent. By using our site, you agree to the terms of the Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Statement. Austin Passport Express reserves the right to expand and/or modify this Statement at any time.
Customer Service
Information Collected.In assisting travelers, we collect information provided voluntarily by the customer, which we need in order to serve the customer. Once we complete an order for our customers, all data is destroyed within 6 months and paper documents are shredded. Information is never released to third parties except when expressly permitted by the customer. Any information you provide is completely confidential and will be protected from unauthorized use.
Financial Transactions. Credit card transactions are processed through one of the major third-party credit card processing companies. All your information is encrypted and is used only to complete the appropriate transactions. Our database stores only the last four digits of your credit card to complete the verification and approval process.
System information. Austin Passport Express reserves the right to collect and store such information as IP address, browser type or operating system type. All the information is highly confidential and will be used exclusively for system administration purposes. This information helps diagnose problems, monitor traffic and site usage.
Disclaimer
While every effort is made to provide accurate information, travel visa and passport requirements are constantly changing and there may be a delay before we are advised of such changes. Therefore, we are unable to guarantee complete accuracy at all times. Processing times and charges given are solely for guidance purposes and cannot be guaranteed.
Where ‘no’ travel visa is indicated, we recommend the carrier and the relevant embassy or consulate confirm this information. Austin Passport Express recommends that travel visas be obtained before travel. Where information for travel visas upon arrival are given, we always recommend confirmation of this information with the airline and embassy or high commission prior to travel. Travel arrangements should not be confirmed prior to the visa or passport being issued, unless they are a specifically required for that high commission. In such cases, refundable arrangements should be made.
All work carried out is subject to the Austin Passport Express Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all or any of the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not use this site.