https://www.7thepsom.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Sections
Beavers
Cubs
Scouts
Explorers
Activities
Archery
Christmas Post
Climbing
Fireworks
International Trips
Jamboree on the Air
Jumble Sales
Review of the Year & AGM
Spring Bank Camp
Water Weekend
Locations
Scout HQ
Boidierhurst Camp Site
Scout Shop
Epsom Methodist Church
Newsletters
Volunteering
Contact us
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Epsom 7th (Methodist) Scout Group uses and protects any personal information that you give to us when you use this website.  It is also applicable to information you provide by other means, including but not limited to email and electronic or paper forms.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.  Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.  This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
What we collect
Through our communications we collect the following information:
contact information including email address;
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
other personal information relevant to legitimate Scouting activities like date of birth and relevant medical information.
We may contact you by email or ‘phone.
We use Google Analytics on our site to identify the number of time pages have been accessed but it doesn’t collect any personally identifiable data.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and to provide a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
to inform you of our relevant activities or other information which we think you may find helpful.
What data we keep
We securely store data about our Group members and helpers only whilst they are active in the Group.  Once someone leaves the Group, we securely dispose of the data.
We securely store data about prospective Group members and securely dispose of it once we no longer need it.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure any personal information that we receive from you.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other relevant websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites and they are not governed by this privacy statement.
Controlling your personal information
Whenever you send us an email, we will securely store the information you provide.  We will never share any of this information with anyone except for the legitimate purpose of running our Group.
If we ask you to complete a form, there is a tick box to indicate that you acknowledge the data you provide will be used for the purpose stated on the form.
We will not sell, distribute or share your personal information to any third party unless we have your permission, or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you by using this email link.
Further help is available through the Information Commissioners Office (ICO).