https://www.shermanstravel.com/privacy-policy
sign up
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY FOR SHERMANSTRAVEL
Last Changes to Privacy Policy: January 1, 2020
We are strongly committed to letting you know how we will collect and use your information. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is applicable to information collected through shermanstravel.com, the affiliated network of websites (including any versions optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device); all email newsletters published or distributed by ShermansTravel; all apps published by ShermansTravel; and all other interactive features, services, and communications provided by ShermansTravel (“Service” or “Services”), however accessed and/or used, that are operated, made available, or produced and maintained by ShermansTravelMedia, LLC (collectively “ShermansTravel” or “we”, “us”, or “our”). We have established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather during your use of this Service, why we gather your information, what we use your information for, when we might disclose your information, and how you can manage your information.  By using our Service, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us by email at privacy@shermanstravelmedia.com.
What Information About You Is Collected and Stored?
We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Service, information you give us and information we collect from you automatically.
Information You Give to Us
We do not require you to provide any information directly in order to access our Services. However, you may be asked to provide details such as name, email address, and physical address when you undertake the following actions:
Registration for an account on the Services
Responding to an offer on the Services
Profile information that you provide for your user profile
Participation in surveys, promotions, contests, and/or sweepstakes offered by ShermansTravel
Signing up to receive alerts or other information via email, text or instant message from ShermansTravel
Request for customer service or other assistance
Service related communications, e.g. account verification; technical notification
Participation in communities, chat rooms and comment threads, other fora, and other interactive services
Submission of content or other data and information on any part of the Service that permits it
Any other place on the Service where you knowingly volunteer personal information, such as when you place an order, upload content, or provide your e-mail address
Information We Collect from You Automatically
When you interact with the Services, we may collect certain information about your use of the Services. Generally, we automatically collect and store the following categories of information:
Device information about your computer, browser, mobile device, or other device that you use to access the Service. This information may include IP address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and browser language
Additional “traffic data” such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses.
Much of this information is collected through “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. We use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Services and make it easier and/or relevant for your use (for example, to identify your likely home airport to facilitate the use of our trip search engine).
ShermansTravel also works with a variety of advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and marketing analytics companies. These parties use various tracking technologies, and technologies from third-party companies, including Facebook, Google, and other social media to collect data in order to send and serve relevant advertising to users.  These technologies may be used to track user behavior and serve you more relevant advertising, both on our Services and other websites that you visit.  This privacy policy does not cover the collection, use, and storage practices of third parties who set tracking cookies on our website.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed. For more information on cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can learn more about ad serving companies and the options available to limit their collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative. Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your Apple or Android device.
The third-party website analytics tools that collect automated information about visitor traffic on our Site include Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., on our Site. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Site, compile reports on the Site’s activity, and provide other services related to the Site’s activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. You can learn how Google collects and processes data and how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, by clicking here.
When you interact with us through a social media platform, such as by clicking on a social media icon (Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, LinkedIn, YouTube, or Pinterest) linked from the Services, we may collect the information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or “handle” and other information about your posts. We will only collect and store such information that we are permitted to collect by the terms of service and privacy policies of these social media platforms.
Combination of Information Collected from One or More Other Services
We may use your information that we collect from one Service in combination with your information collected from one or more other Services or in reports and analysis, all of which are owned and operated by ShermansTravel, and we may combine personal information gathered from your use of the Services into a single customer record or analysis or report. We also use and/or combine information that we collect off-line or we collect or receive from third party sources to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of your customer records.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use your information to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Service and in the following ways:
General Uses
Send you the e-mail subscriptions and other material you request
Communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries or provide you important announcements about our Services
Upload your content to our Service as you request
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us (including service related announcements) and send you information about features and enhancements on our Service
Communicate with you about your comment to a community
Personalize content and experiences on our Service, including providing you advertising, reports, recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Services
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
To Whom Do We Provide Your Information?
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose your personal information to anyone or any company not part of ShermansTravel or its parent company, subsidiaries or related entities. In no event will we sell, rent or disclose your personal information to a third party as part of a customer list or similar transaction.
Business Partners and Third Parties
We may share your information with our business partners or co-marketers from time to time. We may also share your information with third parties that provide products and services that we think you may be interested in. Although our treatment of your information is governed by this Privacy Policy, the business partner’s or third party’s treatment of your information will be governed by the business partner’s or third party’s privacy policy. You may withdraw your consent to our sharing of your information with business partners and third parties at any time by following the opt-out process described below.
Third-Party Agents
We have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, marketing communications, storage, bandwidth, content management, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc. These entities have access to your personal information that they need to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information. They are restricted from using, selling, disclosing, distributing or altering your personal information in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Service.
Emergency Situations
We may also use or disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Service; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Service or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Service or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
What Steps Are Taken To Keep Information Secure?
Information collected by our Services are stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Although we try our best to safeguard your information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
Following termination or deactivation of your account, ShermansTravel, its clients, affiliates, or its service providers may retain information (including your profile information) and user content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at privacy@shermanstravelmedia.com.
What Happens When I Link To or From Another Website?
This Service may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for ShermansTravel do not apply to information gathered through other websites. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and their websites.
For Users in the EEA and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following information applies.
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing information: As explained above, we process information in various ways depending upon your use of our Services. We process information on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreements; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.
Transfers: Information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates, partners, or service providers maintain facilities. We will continue to ensure that transfers of information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in the GDPR. By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the US or to any other country in which ShermansTravel or its service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Individual Rights: If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to the following rights. Please note: In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with Personal Information prior to accessing any records containing your information.
The right to access. You have the right to obtain information about our processing of information and a copy of your information that we store.
The right to rectify your data. You have the right to request that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request data erasure. You have the right to have your information erased from our files if the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.
The right to restrict or object to our processing. You have the right to restrict or object to our processing if we are processing your information based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your information for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your information for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.
The right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with your data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here.
Assignment
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Service. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Service. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged. Although we may require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, we cannot promise that the same privacy practices will be continued by a new company.
Changes to This Policy
As our Service continues to develop, we may add new services and features to our Service. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. Your continued use of our Service following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to information already in our possession, we will provide you with specific notice of the modifications or amendments. We will not, however, materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of information we have previously collected from you without your express consent.
ShermansTravel E-mail and Text Communications
E-mail communications and text messages sent from us or through us are designed to make your ShermansTravel experience more efficient. By providing us with your email address or phone number, you specifically agree to accept and consent to receiving e-mail communications and text messages initiated from us or through us. Standard text messaging charges applied by your cell phone carrier will apply to text messages we send. If you do not wish to receive any of our e-mail communications or text messages, please opt out by following the “unsubscribe’ link in the footer of any of our emails, and choosing the appropriate options or send us a message at privacy@shermanstravelmedia.com.
Your California Privacy Disclosures
These disclosures describe how ShermansTravel (as defined above) collects, uses, processes, and discloses personal information of California consumers and the rights you may have under California law. These disclosures are intended to supplement ShermansTravel’s Privacy Policy with information required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA).
CCPA requires that we describe the personal information we collect about California consumers by identifying specific categories of information. As we describe in more detail in the What Information About You Is Collected and Stored? section of the Privacy Policy, we may have collected the following categories of personal information in the past 12 months:
Identifiers such as name, email address, or IP address
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) such as contact information
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Commercial information such as consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or similar network activity such as information about your device type, browser settings, or interactions with our site
Geolocation data
Inferences about your preferences and interests from data we collect in order to provide and personalize our services and tailor the offers we and our partners provide to you
For information about the categories of sources from which we obtain personal information or for additional details about the specific types of personal information we collect, please refer to the following sections in the Privacy Policy: Information You Give to Us, Information We Collect from You Automatically, and Combination of Information Collected from One or More Other Services. For information about our purpose(s) for collecting or sharing your personal information, please refer to the How Do We Use Your Information? section of the Privacy Policy.
While ShermansTravel does not sell your personal information, we may share your personal information with third parties as described in the To Whom Do We Provide Your Information? section of the Privacy Policy. CCPA requires that we disclose the categories of information we collect and share with third parties for business purposes. These categories include:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or similar network activity
Geolocation data
Inferences
CCPA grants certain rights and choices to California consumers regarding their personal information. These include the following:
The right to request that ShermansTravel disclose the personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months and the business purpose
The right to access your personal information in a portable and readily usable format
The right to request that ShermansTravel delete any personal information about you that we have collected
The right to opt out of the “sale” or disclosure of your personal information to third parties, if applicable
The right to freely exercise your privacy rights without being denied goods or services
To exercise your rights to personal information access, portability, and/or deletion described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to privacy@shermanstravelmedia.com.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California consumer, please submit a verifiable consumer request to privacy@shermanstravelmedia.com, along with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or portability twice within a 12-month period.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.