http://www.getodd.com/policy/policy.html
Visit our
Frequently Asked Questions page
Your complete satisfaction is our goal. We stand behind the products we sell, and hope that they will bring joy, reduced stress, and a smile to your face.
The Get Odd Company operates a family of websites and novelty gift shops on the internet.  These sites are known as: GetOdd.comRubberDuckland
PigCollecting.comFrogCollecting.comCowCollecting.comBestAngelGifts.comEagle Figurine DepotDolphin Universe
The policies in this statement pertain to the operation of the aforementioned websites and stores. Returns and Refund Policy 30
day full refund-- regardless of cause.
At the Get Odd Company we want no less than your ultimate satisfaction and enjoyment of whatever you order from us.
We strive to bring you the very best products to bring a smile and a laugh, to reduce stress and create a jovial atmosphere. There are, regretfully, times when even the best products and intentions don't live up to expectations or for
one reason or another are not "correct". Because of this, we offer a very good return policy on our goods.
Return your order within 30 days for a full refund, less any shipping/handling charges, if you are not happy-- for any reason-- or no reason at all! (see our
FAQ page for specific details of the return procedure).We will refund your original purchase price BUT NOT the
shipping/handling charges that were billed to you on the original shipment.
Visit our Shipping Rates page.Please be aware that a few of the items placed for sale on our websites are sold by others (All Posters Inc., for example). We try to make it clear on these pages that your purchase would not be from us, the GetOdd company. Our policies do not extend to items purchased from other organizations (their policies apply), even though you arrived at their site via ours. It is our policy to make sure that the company you are purchasing an item from
is made clearly known to you and we do not place items for sale on this site that in any way attempt to hide the identity of the entity you are purchasing from. ORDER PROCESSING
Orders are usually shipped within 72 hours of our receiving your order. Please understand that we
take weekends and standard holidays off just like most businesses. Since we cannot ship on weekends or holidays, it would be pointless.
In the event there is a backorder on an item you ordered, or some other problem in processing your order, we will notify you immediately via email of the anticipated shipping date for your order and give you the option of canceling your order at that time.
If you don't provide us with your email address, we cannot provide you with confirmation of shipment.
Please allow up to three weeks for your purchases to arrive. Most orders reach their destinations much quicker (usually within two).  There are a great many factors that influence the speed or
your delivery. Even if we ship your item out the day you order (which is sometimes the case) due to weekends, holidays, weather or even the mileage from us to you, the time the package is in transit can vary widely.Please be aware that not all shipments will emanate from our northern Michigan facility.  Some items are shipped from other locations.  If you MUST have the item by a certain date please let us know in the customer comments section on the order form, we will try our
best to make sure you are happy.From time to time we all take a break for a few days and go fishing. When we do this, there will be notification on the site.  Contacting Get OddIf you have any questions about our policy statement,
the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website or the Get Odd company, you can contactJohn
MartinGet Odd5375 W Beeman RdEmpire, MI 49630
PRIVACY The Get Odd Company has a firm commitment to privacy. While we do not require you to supply your email address when placing an order, it is in your best interest to do so.  We do NOT use your email address for anything
other than communicating with you regarding the status of your order.  If you don't give us your email address and there is a problem (bad charge card, out of stock, error in address, etc) it slows down your order enormously (at best we mail you a letter via the USPS).We may log your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your
shopping cart. We use cookies to make sure the online shopping system functions properly. This site contains links to other sites, many that are out of the control of the Get Odd company. The Get Odd company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, as that is impossible. We cannot change the weather either.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information
(like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer has the option of providing us with thier email address. The email address is used solely to provide the customer with a confirmation of the order and notification when it ships.  We also use the email to correspond with our customers should a question or problem arise with their order. Financial
information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. We do NOT share customer information with others. Your privacy is respected fully. From time to time we may produce a printed sales flyer or catalog that is mailed via the USPS to our existing customers or those who have requested such information.For more information, please visit our Frequently Asked Questions page