https://www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com/privacy.html#cookies
Forum
Parts
Photos
Your Privacy
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles (a.k.a. KCS and www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles.
The policy regarding your privacy while using KCS may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles Privacy Policy
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This privacy policy applies to the information we collect when you use www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com or its mobile application (app).
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, 283 Upper Powderly St. Dept. 4K, Carbondale, PA 18407, United States.
This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically, it was last updated on May 6, 2020.
This policy will let you know:
WHAT personally identifiable information (PII) is collected from you
WHY personally identifiable information (PII) is collected from you
What cookies are and how they are used
How your information is used
Who is collecting your information
With whom your information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information
How you can access, update or delete your information
The kind of security precautions that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information
How Kitty Cat Snowmobiles protects children's privacy
How legal indemnity relates to your privacy
What else you should know about your online privacy
Every page within www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com includes a link to this Privacy Policy.
What personally identifiable information is collected from you
The website and app Kitty Cat Snowmobiles collects information in several ways from different parts of our web site.
We may ask you for personal information at certain times, including (but not limited to) when you place ads, join our forum, or take advantage of the other features of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Name
Email Address
Mailing Address
Credit Card Information When Required
Other Personal Information When necessary
Why personally identifiable information is collected from you
The website and app Kitty Cat Snowmobiles collects information for account creation and paid subscriptions when available.
Back to Top
What cookies are and how they are used
As part of offering and providing customized and personalized services, Kitty Cat Snowmobiles may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles can collect certain information about a client using his/her browser or mobile device cookies. These small text files store information on the user's computer, mobile phone or other smart device and are used for record-keeping and tracking purposes.
With the help of cookies, www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com, at times, can save personal settings and preferences on the user's computer, mobile phone or other smart device, and automatically restore them on the next visit.
Website cookies are designed to improve the user experience and to provide more relevant information to the user, for example, information relating to recent page views or offers pertaining to a particular geographic location.
Certain features of the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles require that you accept cookies in order for these features to work properly. (See "What choices are available regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information" for more information on cookies.)
Generally, we use cookies for the following purposes:
Advertising networks that serve ads onto the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles may use their own cookies.
These files will contain information about your visit to the website, as well as any information you've volunteered, such as your name or email.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles may also collect IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers.
Back to Top
How your information is used
The primary goal of the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customized experience and to assist your navigation throughout www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com.
Your information (cookies) are used to enhance the loading of pages within the website or web application. This personal information is used in recalling preferences and history using this website or web application as well as to provide customer support if necessary.
Back to Top
Who is collecting your information
When you are asked for personal information on the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, you are sharing that information with the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise.
However, some activities will, by their very nature, result in some of your personal information being revealed to other users of the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles.
For example, when you enter personal information on the ad posting form, this information will generally be included in your ad, unless specifically stated otherwise.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles does link to other websites. Visitors should refer to their respective privacy policies for specific information regarding their websites or apps.
Back to Top
With whom your information may be shared
As a general rule, Kitty Cat Snowmobiles will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information (PII) except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be abusing Kitty Cat Snowmobiles or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights or property of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles other users of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative or other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain and improve the products and services featuring in our web application.
Back to Top
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information
If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still use some areas of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require you to submit personal information, such as posting ads, forum participation, or posting of photos.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies from www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com.
If you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those services of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles that require registration in order to participate. You can still use most of the features of the Kitty Cat Snowmobiles app even if you do not accept cookies.
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles does not sell or rent user information to anyone. We will notify you at the time of information transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting this transfer.
If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular portion of our service.
Back to Top
How you can access, update or delete your information
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current.
You may edit or delete your profile at any time by clicking on the appropriate link or graphic provided by the application.
Back to Top
The kind of security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information
Other than the administrator of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles or other authorized personnel of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, you are the only person who has access to your personal information (PII).
Your profile is password-protected to prevent unauthorized access. It is the responsibility of the individual user to protect their password and change or update it regularly.
We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Kitty Cat Snowmobiles will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Kitty Cat Snowmobiles cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security within our web application.
Back to Top
How Kitty Cat Snowmobiles protects children's privacy
Kitty Cat Snowmobiles is a general audience web site. Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. Kitty Cat Snowmobiles does not share personal information about users under the age of 13 with third parties and we do not sell or rent personal information about any of our users, regardless of age.
In addition, Kitty Cat Snowmobiles will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they are under the age of 13 when asked.
Back to Top
How legal indemnity relates to your privacy
You agree to indemnify and hold Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, its parent or subsidiary companies and their affiliates, their administrative directors, officers, and employees from any and all liabilities, claims and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, arising from breach of this privacy policy or any other policy regarding this web application.
Your use or access of Kitty Cat Snowmobiles or any internet website or app linked to or from Kitty Cat Snowmobiles, or in connection with the transmission of any content on Kitty Cat Snowmobiles.
Use of this website shall in every respect, be governed by the laws of the state of Pennsylvania, United States, regardless of the laws that might be applicable in other jurisdiction of any website user.
The parties agree that the Pennsylvania courts located in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any controversy arising under this agreement and agree that venue is proper in those courts.
Back to Top
What else you should know about your online privacy
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, for example in ads or forum posts, as well as through email communication, that information can be collected and used by others no affiliated with www.kittycatsnowmobiles.com.
In summary, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information as this is not the responsibility of the website. Be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Back to Top
See Also: boots, gloves, jackets, goggles,
,
and
and more snow riding stuff available from our sponsors.