http://www.missouritrouthunter.com/privacy--copyright.html
Missouri Trout Hunter
Home
Help me earn a living
Visit The Bookstore
Buy My Book
Free Information
About The Trout
Fly Fishing for Trout
Lure Fishing
Bait Fishing
Tracking Down the Fish
Where To Go Fishing
The Blog
A Few Resources
Contact
Privacy & Copyright
Privacy StuffThis includes two things. First, information you purposefully provide to me, and second, information that is collected. So, here y'ar.(1) Any information you provide me is kept strictly private. I don't share it with anyone, and I certainly don't sell it. (2) Information that is collected is typical cookie-related data for the purposes of website analytics. This includes, for example, a code of some sort, so if you revisit the website, I know you're a repeat visitor instead of a new visitor. It does not mean I know who  you are. All of this information is collected behind the scenes by Weebly (my website host) and Google Analytics. Their privacy policies are also published online, and they're pretty typical legalese. If you don't like cookie-related data to be collected, you can change your privacy settings in your web browser.Bottom line: there's nothing weird going on here.Copyright StuffPer the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), here's the nitty gritty:© Copyright, all rights reserved, Walter E. Fulps II and Missouri Trout Hunter, beginning 2003. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of any written, photographic, or video content of this website or attached blogs or forum posts without express and written permission from this site’s author is strictly prohibited. Brief excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Walt Fulps and Missouri Trout Hunter with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. That said, I am typically very generous with allowing people to use my content and photographs, if they ask me first. If you're wanting to use my content in a commercial activity (i.e. to publish it in a way that will directly earn you money) then we'll work out a financial arrangement you'll be happy with. If you're wanting to use it in a non-commercial activity (i.e. in a free newsletter or unpaid blog post), then I would only expect you to give me credit.But if you use my stuff without my permission... I will find you... and you will experience regrets... BWAHAHAHAHA.....(Seriously, please ask me first)
Services
Buy the BookOther Books
Free Info
Where to fishThe Blog
Support
ContactTerms of Use
© COPYRIGHT 2015. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.