http://www.wipaire.com/privacy-policy/
(651) 451-1205
|
info@wipaire.com
|
wipaire.com
Yes, We are 100% Open for Business
Privacy Policy
This Website Uses Cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
This Website Uses Universal Google Analytics
Wipaire uses Universal Google Analytics for performance tracking purposes. The data enables Wipaire to serve a better web experience to site visitors.
This Website Uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise
on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our
site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t
completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make
an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google
search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on
someone’s past visits to the Wipaire website.
THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say “This account or computer visited this page, so show them
ads relating to that page.” Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to
tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that
are relevant to you. Of course, any data
collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can
opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or
permanently using a browser plugin.
Google’s Cookie and Privacy Policy can be found here.
This Website Uses Pardot
Wipaire uses Pardot as its marketing automation provider. We use Pardot’s suite to gather information to better understand how our visitors use our website. Personal information is stored in Pardot/Salesforce if our visitors complete a form for example for registration to events, contact/request forms or for subscription to our email communications.
Non-personal information such as IP address, operating system, web browser, and pages visited is gathered by Pardot.
Pardot’s privacy policy is available here.
Privacy Policy Regarding Personal Information Supplied in Contact Forms, Questionnaires, and E-mail List Sign-Ups
Any information you provide to Wipaire through the use of one of our contact forms, questionnaires, or e-mail list sign-ups is kept private within our secure database and the contact form recipients e-mail. We NEVER share or sell your information to other companies. If you opt into our e-mail lists during one of these form submissions then you will receive periodic e-mail, of the type you opted in-to, but these messages will always be generated by Wipaire and only we will have access to your information. Every e-mail you receive that is part of a promotional blast based off of our lists will include an easy to use "unsubscribe" link. It is never our intention to send you messages that you do not wish to receive. If you have additional questions about how we use data that has been collected through our forms please e-mail webmaster@wipaire.com. If you complete a form on the Wipaire website your information may also be associated with a tracking cookie so we can identify how you use our site. This is to improve our site and sales processes. This data is only used for internal process improvement and to provide you with more relevant contacts if you are subscribed to our email lists. The information may be stored on a third party server but it is secured and only accessed by Wipaire employees and never distributed or sold. If you wish to opt out of this process please disable or block cookies via your browser or a third party plug-in. This page provides a how-to for popular browsers.
How We Store Data
Wipaire retains all rights of ownership on our software, code,
databases, designs and any other internally developed application to
provide the Site and the Service. You retain all rights of your data
posted on the service.
We utilize external vendors and hosting companies to provide the
software, hardware, storage, networking and other necessary technology
required to provide the service.