http://www.ilovehorses.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for ilovehorses.net and art.ilovehorses.net. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Kristin Berkery is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. I only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give me via email or other direct contact from you. I will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
I will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. I will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to refer you to another business partner that can meet your needs.
Unless you ask me not to, I may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, useful business information, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your access to and control over your information
You may opt out of any future contacts from my company at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting me via kb@kberkery.com:
See what data my company has about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. I encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever I collect sensitive information (such as credit card information), that information is encrypted and transmitted to a credit card processor (such as Paypal or Square) in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While I use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, I also protect your information offline. Only employees or contractors who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that my company is not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact me via email at kb@kberkery.com.
Search for:
Fine Art for Home & Office
Recent Posts
Equine Fine Art You Can’t Find Anywhere Else! art.ilovehorses.net
Confidence Creation with Horses & Beyond
The Great Mystery of the Horse-Human Connection
Farriers, Hoof Care & Your Horse: Q&A with Bryan Farcus
What is a farrier?
Beautiful Jim Key: The Lost History of the World’s Smartest Horse
The Humane Movement Goes to Hollywood to Protect Horses
How Black Beauty Gave Animals a Voice
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better browsing experience. You can read more about this website’s Privacy Policy »
I Accept