https://www.airshows.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
December 11, 2020
About
Tech
Events
Business
Contribute
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
About
Tech
Events
Business
Contribute
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
Search for:
Terms
By accessing the website at airshows.org, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Air Shows’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Air Shows’s website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Air Shows at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on Air Shows’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Air Shows makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Air Shows does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall Air Shows or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Air Shows’s website, even if Air Shows or a Air Shows authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Air Shows‘s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Air Shows does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Air Shows may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Air Shows does not make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Air Shows has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Air Shows of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
Modifications
Air Shows may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the law and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is Air Shows‘s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.    Air Shows may change this privacy policy from time to time at Air Shows‘s sole discretion.
Disclaimer
Thank you for visiting the Air Shows.
Please note that the information provided on airshows.org and other related web properties are for informational purposes only.
The information is provided by airshows.org and whilst we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of airshows.org. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Air Shows takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Our Website is provided by Air Shows on an “AS IS” basis.
Air Shows makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of the site, the information, content, materials or products included on the site.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Air Shows disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and/or conditions of merchantability or satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Air Shows will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of the site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Air Shows does not warrant that the site, or the server that makes it available, is free of viruses or other harmful components.
Search
Search for:
Follow us
twitter
pinterest
smiley
medium
tumblr
Latest PostsWhat Not to do When Packing a Carry On7:55 pm 02 Dec 2020How to Sleep on a Plane9:19 pm 12 Aug 2020Aviator Furniture for the every Aeronautic Addict6:10 pm 03 Feb 2020How Uber is Changing the Bad Credit Auto Loan Industry and What it Means for you!5:49 pm 15 Apr 20195 Jeep Modifications and Tech: Lifts? Offroad Lights? More?9:05 pm 01 Feb 2019Archives
December 2020
August 2020
February 2020
April 2019
February 2019
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
Categories
Automotive
Business
Cloud Computing
Events
Events Planning
Innovation
Online
Robots
Tech
Uncategorized
Ads