http://www.mcaraweb.com/privacy.html
Log in
Home
Club
Directory
Repeaters
Nets on the Air
Meetings
Mailing Lists
Stuart Hamfest
Learning Resources
Packet Radio Resources
Hacking Hams Resources
Digital Mode Resources
Donations
Officers and Board
Join Us
Events
News
Groups
ARES
SKYWARN
Training
SKYWARN Update List
Join SKYWARN
Weather Links
Hurricane Seminar Videos
Contact
Home
Privacy
Introduction
At Martin County Amateur radio Association Inc (MCARA), we are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience possible. This Statement discloses the information practices for MCARA's Web sites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used and with whom the information is shared. This document applies to all MCARAWEB.COM Web sites, including but not limited to WWW.MCARAWEB.COM.
InformationIn general, you can visit MCARA on the Web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you. You may choose to give us personal information such as your name, address and e-mail for membership level access to restricted documents that are not available to the public such as commenting on or publishing web log (blog) content. It is our intent to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you on the Internet.
MCARA Privacy Policy: (Last updated Jan 30, 2013)Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, the information is protected both online and offline. Only the designated webmaster and our outside contractor for Internet services have full access to information stored in the online database systems for the MCARAweb web site.
Cookies and Log Files
We sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our Web sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and measure visitor activity on MCARA Web sites and in most cases, we do so in ways that keeps the information anonymous. We also use cookies to better understand the habits of individual users of our Web site. This is done to provide a better level of service, technical support and to improve our Web site to meet the needs of our users. In some cases, such as account-level access information, this information is not anonymous. We also use cookies to protect you as a user of our Web site. Using cookies is a method of providing a more secure Web experience by preventing your computer from becoming mixed up with another computer. The use of cookies in this instance is simply to identify you as a unique visitor of our Web site.
Sharing
In some cases, MCARA uses contractors to provide specific services, for example, software installation, server, or software support. These contractors may be given access to contact information for the purpose of helping you; this is obviously required; however, personal information is NEVER shared with any other party other than those directly involved with the maintenance of the web site.
Links
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please be aware that we [MCARA] are not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by MCARA's Web sites.
Mailing List and E-mail
From time to time, MCARA will send e-mail to all members of the Web site. Every letter that is sent via e-mail will include a link and instructions for unsubscribing from any e-mail list. These instructions will include the "exact e-mail address" to which the letter was sent, not a pseudo e-mail address.
Changes to this Statement
MCARA will occasionally update this Privacy Statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the Privacy Statement. For material changes to this Statement, MCARA will notify you by placing notice on our home page
Copyright 1974-2020 Martin County Amateur Radio Association, Inc. Privacy Policy
Like our website? It's easy with Wild Apricot. Click here for your free 30-day trial