http://www.wbcci.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Information we collect:
We collect information from you when you join WBCCI, fill out a form online or provide us written information. Written materials you send to us will allow us to communicate with you either electronically or by mail.
You may be asked to provide your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number and/or year and model of Airstream(s) you own.
Ways in which we use your information:
Any of the information we collect from you electronically or in written form may be used on our website in one of the following ways:
• To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
• To improve our website
• To send periodic emails regarding club business, events and newsletters
You may visit our website anonymously.
The email and mailing addresses you provide are for club business only and will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your membership or to the club as a whole.
Membership Directory:
WBCCI / The Airstream Club International publishes an annual directory of the current members in magazine form, provided only to the membership of the club. Periodically the club provides a directory to the membership in the form of digital document, such as a PDF. Members have the opportunity to “opt out” of having their names, membership numbers, and contact information included in either the secure digital version and/or the print version of the directory. Appropriate security measures will be taken to keep members’ contact information private at all times and insure that only club members will have access to this information. (1/14/16)
How we protect your information electronically:
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access your personal information on our web site(s).
We use a secure server where appropriate. All supplied sensitive/personal information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then (if a payment is involved) encrypted into our payment processor’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and any such authorized parties are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private financial information (credit cards, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Use of cookies for the website:
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future, and to allow you to remain logged into the site if you choose to do so.
No disclosure of any private information to outside parties:
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or providing service to you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies or protect ours or others rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information such as site traffic statistics and other aggregated, anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Advertising and third party links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include links to or advertising from third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Implied consent:
By using our website or providing written information, you consent to this privacy policy.
Updates or changes to our Privacy Policy:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our website and in the Blue Beret, the club’s newsletter and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 06/25/2014.
Contact Information:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
WBCCI P.O. Box 612 Jackson Center, OH 45334 USA
privacy@wbcci.org
PARTNERS