https://www.dodgecoronetrt.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
The DodgeCoronetRT.com site and The 440magnum Mopar Network takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy practices.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how DodgeCoronetRT.com treats personal information that we collect and receive, including information related to your past use of DodgeCoronetRT.com, Features and Services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that DodgeCoronetRT.com or the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network does not own or control, or to people that the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network does not employ or manage.
Our Information Collection and Use
General
DodgeCoronetRT.com collects personal information when you register for certain features or services. When you use DodgeCoronetRT.com, Features or services or when you visit DodgeCoronetRT.com web pages or the pages of certain The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network partners.
When you register or certain features or services we may ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with The 440magnum Network and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
The DodgeCoronetRT.com site automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, DodgeCoronetRT.com cookie information, and the page you request.
The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our features and services, contact you, and conduct research about our site.
Children
The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network is targeted at a general adult audience, but our network site’s are “family safe” rated.
We do not allow child under age 13 to register for our features and services. We strongly recommend that users 13 and under refrain from offering any personal information on any web site including ours. We also encourage parents to stay involved in the online life of their children.
Our Information Sharing and Disclosure
DodgeCoronetRT.com & 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if The 440magnum Network is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network displays targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click on targeted ads meet the targeting criteria – for example, men ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.
The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.
DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network advertisers include service providers (such as banks, insurance agents, stock brokers and automotive sites) and non-financial companies (such as stores, airlines, and software companies) etc.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
ValueClick Media, as a third party vendor, also uses cookies to serve ads on our site. ValueClick Media’s use of cookies enables it to serve ads to our users based on content and your interests. ValueClick Media also offers “opt-out Cookies” to block the placement of future ValueClick Media Cookies on your system. Users may opt out of the use of the ValueClick Media’s cookie by Installing the ValueClick Media Opt-Out Cookies.
Cookies
DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network may set and access The 440magnum Network cookies on your computer.
DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies’ use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network cookies.
DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network supports the efforts of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative of online marketing and analytics companies committed to building consumer awareness and establishing responsible business and data management practices and standards.
More information about the NAI can be found at http://www.networkadvertising.org. The NAI offers an Opt-out Tool developed in conjunction with its members for the express purpose of allowing consumers to “opt out” of the behavioral advertising delivered by its member companies. To use the NAI’s opt-out visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
General
You can edit your DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network registration information at any time by visiting the Site, Feature or Service you registered for.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Network features or services, such as service announcements, administrative messages and DodgeCoronetRT.com or the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network Newsletter, that are considered part of your account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
You can delete your DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network account by visiting at any time by visiting the Site Feature or Service you registered for.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to our staff who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
DodgeCoronetRT.com and or your 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network Account Information is password-protected.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
DodgeCoronetRT.com and the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your DodgeCoronetRT.com or the 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Have Questions and Suggestions? If you feel that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network to resolve your concern.
If you have questions or suggestions, please use our feedback form or you can contact us at:
440magnum Network
P.O. Box 801
Hamilton, Oh 45012
Please Note: The 440magnum Mopar Enthusiast Network is supported solely by advertising revenue. If you enjoy DodgeCoronetRT.com or a 440magnum Mopar Network Internet Web Site, please take a moment to visit our sponsors. Thank you for your support.
Search for:
Search
TOP 100 MOPAR SITES