http://www.skyukalodge.org/privacy-statement/
About Us
History & Eligibility
Our Mission & Purpose
Administration
Lodge Officers
Key 3
Committee Assignments
Lodge Goals
Minutes Of Executive Board Meetings
Rules of Skyuka Lodge 270
Policies and Procedures
Calendar
Chapters
Cherokee Chapter
Chester Chapter
Lancaster Chapter
Spartan Chapter
York Chapter
Contact Us
Contact the Lodge Advisor
Contact The Lodge Chief
Contact The Lodge Staff Advisor
Contact The Webmaster
Submit An Article For Skyuka Lodge’s Newsletter
Events
Camp Bob Hardin
National OA Events
NOAC
Skyuka Lodge
History
Patches & Other Items
Skyuka’s Section History
Dixie Fellowships Hosted By Skyuka
Skyuka Dixie Stats
The Chief’s Painting
History of Skyuka Lodge
Charter Members
Past Chiefs And Advisors
Vigil Honor Recipients
Founders Award Recipients
Indian On The Mountain Recipients
Indian Affairs
Ceremony Teams
Drum & Sing Team
Links
Privacy Statement
Resources
Fellowship Packing List
Forms
Lodge Newsletter
Lodge Planbook
Lodge Where To Go Camping
BSA Forms
Georgia
High Adventure
North Carolina
Palmetto Council Camps
South Carolina
Ordeal Candidate Info
Order of the Arrow Obligation / Song
Picture Galleries
Roberts Rules Of Order
SR-5
Section SR-5 Events
Council of Chiefs
Dixie Fellowship
SR-5 Camps
SR-5 Member Lodges
SR-5 Newsletter – Five Feathers
Summer Ordeal 2020 – Recap
Skyuka Lodge Privacy Statement
Skyuka Lodge is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Skyuka Lodge Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Skyuka Lodge website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. If you have any questions, please email the Media Chairman by clicking here.
Collection of your Personal Information
Skyuka Lodge collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Skyuka Lodge also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Skyuka Lodge. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Skyuka Lodge for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Skyuka Lodge Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Skyuka Lodge public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Skyuka Lodge does not read any of your private online communications.
Skyuka Lodge encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Skyuka Lodge so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Skyuka Lodge is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Skyuka Lodge and Skyuka Lodge family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Skyuka Lodge collects and uses your personal information to operate the Skyuka Lodge Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Skyuka Lodge also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Skyuka Lodge and its affiliates. Skyuka Lodge may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Skyuka Lodge does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Skyuka Lodge does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Skyuka Lodge Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Skyuka Lodge or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Skyuka Lodge; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Skyuka Lodge, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Skyuka Lodge Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Skyuka Lodge pages, or register with Skyuka Lodge site or services, a cookie helps Skyuka Lodge to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Skyuka Lodge Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Skyuka Lodge features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Skyuka Lodge services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Skyuka Lodge secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Skyuka Lodge secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Skyuka Lodge will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Skyuka Lodge encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Skyuka Lodge is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Skyuka Lodge welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Skyuka Lodge has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Skyuka Lodge by clicking here. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Welcome! We’d like to welcome you to Skyuka Lodge’s home on the internet! The host of the 2018 Dixie Fellowship, and winners of the 2018 Golden Arrow.
Days Until: Fall Fellowship, October 30 - November 1, 2020
-41Days
-13Hours
-12Minutes
-34Seconds
What is Skyuka Lodge?
https://youtu.be/3y_NGkRJc_A
Go Subscribe to our YouTube Channel!
Like Skyuka Lodge On Facebook!
Follow Us On Twitter Follow @SkyukaLodge
Follow @CampBobHardin