http://www.tripprep.com/help/privacy-policy
Destinations
Traveler Library
Providers
Destinations
Traveler Library
Providers
Help
Privacy Policy
Shoreland, Inc. Privacy Policy
See Also
All Help
Shoreland, Inc. Privacy Policy
We have prepared this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information and Personal Data (as defined under applicable law) we obtain through your use of the Internet sites, applications and online services ("Services") that are operated by, controlled by, or affiliated with Shoreland, Inc. (collectively, "we," "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy only covers information collected through the Services and via direct communications between you and Shoreland, and does not cover any information collected at any other website, application, or otherwise by us (unless specifically stated), including when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services. By using the Services, you consent to such collection, use and sharing of your information and Personal Data and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. For the purposes of UK and EU data protection legislation, the data controller is Shoreland, Inc. of 933 N. Mayfair Rd., Suite 208, Milwaukee, WI 53226 USA.
Information We Automatically Collect
We automatically collect certain information from your device or web browser when you interact with the Services to help us understand how our users use the Services (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as "Usage Data"). For example, each time you visit the Services we automatically collect your IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, browser and computer type, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, the Web page(s) that you access during your visit and your interaction with content on the Services.
We use such Usage Data for a variety of purposes including to diagnose problems with our servers and software, and to administer the Services. The Usage Data we collect is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we will treat it as Personal Data.
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
We use tracking technologies, such as Cookies.
Cookies may be set and accessed on your computer. Upon your first visit to the Services, a cookie will be sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. "Cookies" are small files containing a string of characters that are sent to your computer's browser and stored on your device when you visit a website. Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, if you reject cookies, you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services. Additionally, if you clear all cookies on your browser at any point after setting your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent, you will have to again reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent.
Our Services use the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:
Essential Cookies—These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our Services and to enable you to use its features. For example, they allow you to log in to secure areas of our Services and help the content of the pages you request load quickly. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies—These cookies allow our Services to remember choices you make when you use our Services, such as remembering your preferences, remembering your login details, and remembering the changes you make to other parts of our Services which you can customize. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you visit our Services.
Information You Choose to Submit
In this Privacy Policy we will refer to any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual as "Personal Data." If you wish to register to become a member of the Services, you are required to provide certain Personal Data, for example your name and email address. We use your Personal Data to fulfill your requests for products and services, to improve our Services, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
We refer collectively to all information we collect that is not Personal Data, including Usage Data, demographic data, and de-identified Personal Data, as "Non-Personal Data." If we combine Non-Personal Data with Personal Data, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data, Non-Personal Data, and User Submissions are referred to in this Privacy Policy collectively as "User Information."
Information Use
We use the information we collect, including Personal Data and Usage Data:
to enable you to use our Services, to create an account or profile, to process information you provide via our Services (including verifying that your email address is active and valid) and to process your transactions;
to provide related customer service and care, including responding to your questions, complaints, or comments;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you have requested;
to receive and process job applications for jobs with us;
for internal business purposes, such as to improve our Services;
to contact you with administrative communications and, in our discretion, changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, or any of our other policies;
to comply with regulatory and legal obligations; and
for purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information, with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Information Sharing Practice
Generally. We do not share Non-Personal Data, including Usage Data, de-identified Personal Data and aggregated user statistics, with anyone. We do not share User Information, including Personal Data, as otherwise described in this Policy, with anyone. However, we may share User Information, including Personal Data, as otherwise described in this Policy, under the following circumstances:
Change of Control. In the event we go through a business transition (such as a merger, acquisition by another company, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process), your Personal Data will likely be among the assets transferred. By providing your Personal Data, you agree that we can transfer such information in those circumstances without your further consent. Should such a business transition occur, we will make reasonable efforts to request that the new owner or combined entity (as applicable) follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Data. If your Personal Data would be used contrary to this Privacy Policy, we will request that you receive prior notice.
Other Disclosure Scenarios. We reserve the right, and you hereby expressly authorize us, to share User Information: (i) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (ii) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property; (iii) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of information); (iv) to protect and defend our legal rights or property, our services or their users, or any other party, and to protect the health and safety of our users or the general public; and (v) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy).
Anonymous Data
When we use the term "anonymous data," we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. We may create anonymous data from the Personal Data we receive about you and other individuals whose Personal Data we collect. Anonymous data will include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies. We make Personal Data into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyze usage patterns in order to make improvements to our Services.
Users Outside of the United States and Consent to Transfer
The Services are operated in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, please be aware that information you provide to us will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. By using the Services or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws are not as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen such as the European Union. You understand that the U.S. government can obtain access to the Personal Data you submit if necessary for investigative purposes (e.g., terrorism investigation). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use appropriate and suitable safeguards for transferring your Personal Data to the U.S.
Important Information for California Residents—Your California Privacy Rights
As stated elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Shoreland does not share Personal Data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83.
If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please contact us at Shoreland, Inc., P.O. Box 13795, Milwaukee, WI 53213-0795. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you. Please note that we will not accept inquiries via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labelled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
How We Respond to "Do Not Track" Signals
Internet browsers can be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how Shoreland responds to "Do Not Track" browser settings.
There currently is no consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means in this context. Therefore, like many websites and online services, the Services do not alter their practices when they receive a "Do Not Track" signal from a visitor's browser. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Choice/Opt-Out from Communications
We offer you the opportunity to manage your communications from us. Even after subscribing to one or more of the Services, users may elect to modify their preferences by going to the Account Settings page anytime. You may also be able to change your preferences by updating your profile or account, depending on which of our Services you are using. We reserve the right to send you transactional and administrative emails including those related to the Services, service announcements, notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other Services policies, and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered.
Retaining, Modifying and Deleting Your Personal Data
You may access the information we hold about you. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us using the details in the Contact Us section below. If you would like to update, correct, modify or delete from our database any Personal Data you previously submitted to us, please let us know by accessing and updating your profile. If you delete certain information you may not be able to order services in the future without re-submitting such information. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Also, please note that we will maintain Personal Data in our database whenever we are required to do so by law.
Please note that we need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
EU Data Subject Rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to: (a) request access to your Personal Data and rectification of inaccurate Personal Data; (b) request erasure of your Personal Data; (c) request restrictions on the processing of your Personal Data; (d) object to processing your Personal Data; and/or (e) the right to data portability (collectively, "Requests"). For more information about how to get access to Personal Data and for exercising your rights, you can contact us via email at service@shoreland.com.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Security
We have implemented commercially reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational security measures to help protect your Personal Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure; unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your User Information, we cannot guarantee its security. You use the Services and provide us with information at your own initiative and risk. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us using the details in the Contact Us section below.
Links
The Services contain links to other websites that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third-party.
Children's Privacy
The Services are intended for a general audience and are not intended for and should not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us using the details in the Contact Us section below. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable.
Sensitive Personal Data
Subject to the following paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal data as this term is defined under applicable data protection and privacy laws (for example, social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us, you consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data, you must not submit such content to our Services.
Changes
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Data, by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services. We will also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Data in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Data was collected.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email at service@shoreland.com.
Help
Terms of Use
Notice
Tips & Technical Requirements
About Shoreland Travax®
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Shoreland, Inc.
All rights reserved.
^