https://www.arapahoebasin.com/privacy-policy/
×
Notice
Cookies make us hungry! But seriously, our website and/or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and are required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the privacy policy. By continuing to use our site, you consent to the use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
Toggle conditions
Search Input
Search
Go to summer
0"
Past 24 Hrs
0"
Past 3 Days
19"
Base
Packed Powder
Conditions
TodayDec 10, 2020
28°F
Mostly Cloudy
TomorrowDec 11, 2020
19°F
Snow
SaturdayDec 12, 2020
22°F
Snow
COVID-19
|
WINTER INFO
Al's Blog
Webcams
Maps
Arapahoe Basin Ski Area is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of your personal data and respects your preferences in its handling. This privacy statement is intended to inform you about how we collect, use, share and protect your personal data and how you can control its use. In addition, this privacy statement dictates the terms of your use of our website. Information Collected from YouWe collect information from you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, ("personal data") so as to provide you with services. We collect personal data through this website when you explicitly provide this information to us in connection with the products or services we provide, such as when you place an order for an Arapahoe Basin season pass or when you otherwise voluntarily provide us information. The personal data collected may include, but not be limited to, name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth and payment card information, for your and for family members (including children) associated with you; we use this information for billing purposes, to complete our transaction and to track your order history within our Online Store and your website use. If we have trouble processing an Online Store order, we will use your Account information to contact you.Also, be aware that our website uses "cookies." Cookies are small files transferred to your computer, tablet, smartphone or other device and then stored there. We presently use cookies to track website traffic (including page views) and tailor our marketing to your interests. For example, if you visit the web page about Arapahoe Basin Snowsports School, a cookie is laid on your device and you may later see an advertisement for ski lessons when you're browsing a different website. You can enable/disable cookies, and remove them from your device, but details on how to do so vary depending on which browser you used to access our website; please refer to your browser's settings to manage cookies.To manage state: "State" refers to the settings and choices made by you as you use our website. As information is transferred to and from your device and our web server, state is managed so that our website works seamlessly and so that you do not have to enter the same information repeatedly. During state management, only a random identifier is placed in a cookie on your device for our web server to use.To manage automation of the user experience: our web server may "remember" you between visits to make it easier for you to use our website on future visits. If we provide this feature, your user account identifier will be saved to a cookie on your device hard drive, and will be used each time you come back to our site; no personal information is saved in the cookie itself.Use of Your InformationIn the normal course of our web-based operations, the information we collect from you is used to provide you with the services that you request and communicate with you, such as for customer service and to help our website work on your device. In doing so,be aware that we may provide certain personal data and information about you, and the services you request, to third parties who will be providing you the service in whole or in part or who assist us in providing you with the service, such as our technology providers.Also, if you have not opted-out, we may use the personal data and information we collect from you to contact you about special offers and products, services or events that we believe would be of interest to you. We do not sell personal data to third party marketers, but we do share some personal data with them as explained below.Other Use of Your Information, Including SharingWe may share the personal data and information we collect from you, most likely your email address, with ski industry-related third party providers of marketing and research services (such as customer survey companies).Regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal data, in certain limited situations we may disclose information about you to others if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process or in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to respond to claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Arapahoe Basin or others. This includes, but is not limited to, customer fraud, technical malfunctions or abuse of our network or systems. We also may provide customer information to third parties, such as credit card companies, for the purpose of resolving disputes that arise in the normal course of business. Except as otherwise stated above, we will not disclose your personal data to any third party without your consent.This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us, for example, Liftopia which is our third party lift ticket sales processor. Please be aware that when you click on a lift ticket link, or a link to any other website or location, such as a sponsor or social media button, you will leave our website and go to another site where a different entity may lay cookies and collect other personal data from you. We do not control or review these other sites or entities and we are not responsible for the data handling practices of such sites. This privacy statement applies only to personal data and information collected by us on this website.Lastly we may share some or all of your personal data with our parent company or other companies under common control in which case we will require those affiliated companies to abide by this privacy statement. Any sharing of your personal data with potential investors in or purchasers of our company or its assets will be done only subject to confidentiality obligations by such entities. In the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, your personal data and information will likely be transferred to the successor owner but we will require that new owner to abide by this or a substantially similar privacy statement.Our Data Protection Practices/SafeguardsWe employ generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, from loss, misuse and unauthorized access or alteration. We also work to assure that the third parties who assist us likewise use data security safeguards.If you transmit sensitive information to us through our website, we will secure that information through data encryption; for example, payment information, such as your credit card number, is tokenized.When creating an Account on our Online Store you provide your email as your username and a password that you choose. Your password is encrypted and stored on our secure server, and cannot be accessed by any Arapahoe Basin employee. You can ask to reset your password via the Forgot your password? link on the Online Store login page at shop.arapahoebasin.com/login.We will protect personal data stored on the website's servers from unauthorized access by using commercially-available computer security products (such as firewalls), as well as our own physical security procedures and practices. However, be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially-acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Also be aware that we collect handle, use, store, disclose and dispose of personal data that you submit to us in accordance with applicable United States law, which may be less stringent than the laws of the country where you reside. If outside the U.S., please note that the personal data you submit to our website will be transferred to our location in the U.S. where we will process and store it for the purposes set forth in this privacy statement. If you are not a resident of the U.S., by using our website, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect, handle, use, store, disclose and dispose your personal data outside of the jurisdiction where you reside as discussed in this privacy statement.How You Can Control Your Information, including to Opt-OutWe provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personal data used to contact you about special offers and products, services or events believed to be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, follow the instructions included at the bottom of each communication to opt-out or unsubscribe, or contact us as described below. You cannot opt-out of receiving transactional emails related to your Account at the Online Store or your use of the website.Citizens of the European Union have the express right to access, rectify, download or erase personal data, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of personal data. As a best management practice, we strive to recognize these rights for all website users and Account holders regardless of residence location. If you would like to exercise any or all of these rights, please send a detailed email to DatabaseAdmin@a-basin.net and we will handle your request in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.If you would like to erase your Online Store account or be completely forgotten in our database, please send an email to DatabaseAdmin@a-basin.net including your first name, last name, date of birth and email address to ensure we find the correct account to delete. We will keep all transactional data, but it will no longer be associated to your account.How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement, our data handling practices, or any other aspects of our website operation, or to opt-out, please call us at 888-272-7246 and speak to a Guest Services Representative. You may also reach us by email at DatabaseAdmin@a-basin.net or U.S. regular mail at the following address:Privacy PolicyArapahoe Basin Ski AreaP.O. Box 5808Dillon, CO 80435Privacy Statement UpdatesWe reserve the right to update this privacy statement periodically to describe changes that may affect our handing of your personal data. If you have an Online Store Account including your current email address, we will email you a copy of our revised privacy statement if we make material changes to it. The most recent version of this privacy statement can always be found on our website.
Follow Us & Stay On Top
Sign up for our newsletter
Email Address
Yes
arapahoe_basin
ArapahoeBasinSkiArea
Check out our YouTube channel for footage from The Legend!
Arapahoe_Basin
Footer Icon
Footer Icon
Footer Icon
Footer Icon
Footer Icon
Quick Links
Employment
For Media
Wallpapers
LOCATION
Arapahoe Basin Ski Area
28194 US Hwy 6
Dillon, CO 80435
MAILING ADDRESS
Arapahoe Basin Ski Area
P.O. Box 5808
Dillon, CO 80435
CONTACT
abasin@a-basin.net
1-888-ARAPAHO (272-7246)
1-970-468-0718
Call Center: 8:30 AM-4:30 PM MDT
Footer Sponsor Icon
Footer Sponsor Icon
© 2020 Arapahoe Basin Ski Area. All rights reserved.
A-Basin is located in the White River National Forest and operates under permit with the USDA Forest Service.
Privacy Policy |
Terms |
Sitemap |
USDA Non-Discrimination
×
Close
Thanks!
Thank you for contacting us!
Our group will review and follow up within 72 hours.
Thanks for your interest!
Back Home