http://www.limerickclimbingclub.ie/policy/
Walks
Club
Club Officers
Policy
Safety
Training
Environmental
Social
About Us
News & Reports
Links
Photos
Membership
Log-on
Club Constitution and Policy
Policy
The Limerick Climbing Club is for adults.
Members join in the club activities at their own risk.
Mountaineering is a strenuous activity that requires a good level of
fitness. Before you embark on a new physical activity programme you
should seek advice from your doctor.
It is an activity with a danger of personal injury or even death.
It is the policy of the Limerick Climbing Club to allow potential
members to have one walk with the club before joining. Of course this
is at your own risk as you are not covered with insurance through the
Mountaineering Ireland (MI).
For their own safety, new members must first try out an easy walk
so that they can get a feel for what's involved in the different grades
of walk. Please appreciate the club has no knowledge of new members or
their fitness levels etc.
You must phone the walk leader by 8:00pm the
evening before the walk. (No Texting)
Members that turn up on the day of the walk without phoning the
leader will be turned away. (Please do not put the leaders in this
position)
The club recommends a maximum of 25 walkers for Easy / Moderate
walks and 10-15 for Moderate / Difficult walks. (Mountaineering Ireland
recommend a maximum of 10-15 for walks on the open mountain). However,
the final decision on numbers rests with the leader.
The leader must choose a limit for their walk and then enforce
it; unfortunately this will mean turning people away if numbers are
large.
It is your responsibility to advise the walk leader of any
medical condition before going on a walk.
Participation in walks is at the sole discretion of the walk
leader.
The club encourages a policy of car pooling where possible. This is environmentally friendly and makes walks easier to organize from a leaders point of view in relation to parking.Members traveling as passengers can make a voluntary contribution to fuel costs. This would be 5 euro for Galtee, Knockmealdowns & Comeragh region. 10 euro for Kerry-Connemara region.
Dogs are not allowed on any of the club walks.
The club organises a walk every Sunday from September - May.
Walks vary from easy to moderate to difficult.
EASY: Usually a walk covering a considerable distance of up to
some ten km, it can also involve climbing a peak at an easy pace. An
easy walk involves a full day's activity taking three to five hours.
MODERATE: A moderate walk requires a good level of fitness and
involves climbing a numbers of peaks over a considerable distance at a
moderate pace. This involves a full day's activity five - six hours.
DIFFICULT: Requires a very high level of fitness and involves
climbing a number of peaks at a fast pace over exposed terrain.
Suitable for experienced mountaineers only. This involves a full day's
activity six- eight hours.
Weather conditions can however turn an easy or moderate graded
walk to difficult one.
Walks can be cancelled or changed due to adverse weather
conditions or if the leader feels that it is in the best interest of
the group.
Please do not leave an organised walk without informing the
leader.
It is the policy of the club to circulate member's
addresses/telephone numbers and e-mail address to the Club Committee.
Ensure that your level of fitness is adequate for the proposed
walk and be properly equipped and self sufficient in food, drink,
clothing and other essentials.
Any new members intending to lead walks must have completed
Mountain Skills Levels 1 and 2 courses. Then, they can lead a walk with
backup until the assessment is accomplished.
Constitution
Download the Club Constitution
At the 2011 AGM the club adopted a new Club Constitution. All members must agree to be bound by the Club Constitution.
Data Protection
Limerick Climbing Club is committed to protecting your privacy and processing your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) from 25th May 2018.
Please see our Privacy Policy for more details.
Declaration
The Committee wishes to inform each member of the Limerick Climbing
Club that the Committee or any fellow member of the Limerick Climbing
Club will not accept any liability for injuries or damages to person or
property sustained in the activities of the club. Members who have paid
full membership are insured for hill walking in Ireland through the
Mountaineering Ireland (MI) insurance scheme (for
details click here). Members are strongly advised to obtain
personal insurance if participating in other activities associated with
this club i.e. for trips abroad, cycling or camping etc.
See Also
Privacy Policy
Essential gear list
Club safety policy
Leave no trace
every Thursday @ 9:30pm
Fennessy's Pub
1 New Street, Limerick
© Limerick Climbing Club 2016
×
Members Log On
Please enter your e-mail and password.
E-mail: *
Password: *
Forgotten Your Password?
Close
Log-on
×
Reset Your Password
Enter your e-mail address below and click Send.
E-mail: *
Cancel
Send
×
Ok
×
Log Off
Are you sure you want to log out?
Cancel
Ok