https://www.tea.co.uk/terms-conditions
Cups of tea consumed in UK so far today.
About Tea
History of Tea
The Beginnings of Tea
East India Company
Catherine of Braganza
Tea Smuggling
Boston Tea Party
Tea Clippers
London Tea Auction
The Tea Bag
A Social History
Tea Facts & Stats
Tea Customs & Traditions
Tea Paraphanalia
FAQ’s about Tea
Growing & Production
Processing & Blending
Packaging & Distribution
Sustainability
Types of Tea
Countries of Origin
Varieties of Tea
Tea Ceremonies
How to Make a Perfect Brew
About Infusions
Countries of Origin
Varieties of Infusions
FAQ's about Infusions
About Us
Membership & Registration
Members Area
Tea & Herbal Infusions Europe
Training / Masterclass
UK Tea Masters Competition
Competitions
Tea Gallery
News Alert Signup
Tea Directory
About & Register
News
Terms & Conditions
Scope: These terms and conditions cover use of the www.tea.co.uk website.
A. USE OF THE WEBSITE
1. Agreement
By using the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms. We endeavour to offer you the best possible service but cannot guarantee that the Services will be fault free. If a fault occurs, please report it to UK Tea & Infusions Association (UKTIA) at info@ukteainfusions.co.uk. Occasionally we need to carry out essential repairs, maintenance and/or updating of our IT systems which may restrict your use of the Services. In these circumstances, we will endeavour to restore the Services to you as soon as possible.
2. Amendments
We reserve the right to: Update these Terms from time to time and any changes will be notified to you via a suitable announcement on the Website. It is your responsibility to check for such changes. The changes will apply to the use of the Website after we have given such announcement. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms you should not continue to use the Website. If you continue to use the Website after the date on which the change comes into effect, your use of the Website indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms; and modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website and the material contained within (or any part) without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website or its contents.
3. Privacy Policy
Read our privacy policy.
4. Compliance
The Website may only be used for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding the Website and its use. You agree not to upload or transmit through the Website: any computer viruses or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer; and any material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene character.
5. Indemnity
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of these Terms by you, or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website or any other person accessing the Website using your personal information.
6. Third Party Links
As a convenience to our customers, the Website may include links to other websites or material which is beyond our control. For your information, we are not responsible for such websites or material nor do we review or endorse these. We will not be liable, whether directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or content of such websites nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, materials or services available on such external websites or resources.
B. GENERAL
1. Intellectual Property
The content of the Website is protected by copyright, trade marks, database and other intellectual property rights and you acknowledge that the material and content supplied as part of the Website belong to us and our agents and shall remain with us or our licensors.
You may retrieve and display the content of the Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Website.
2. Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Terms, nothing in these Terms:
will affect or limit your rights as a consumer under English law; or will exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
The Website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties, whether express or implied, in relation to it and its use. You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee and cannot be responsible for the security or privacy of the Website and any information provided to by you. You must bear the risk associated with the use of the Internet.
Whilst we will try to ensure that material included on the Website is correct, reputable and of high quality, we cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Website. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Website we will attempt to correct this as soon as we reasonably can.
In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following: incompatibility of the Website with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links technical problems including errors or interruptions of the Website unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Website inadequacy of the Website to meet your requirements.
To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (both of which terms includes, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, wasted expenditure, loss of privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Website.
We will not be liable to you for any delay or failure to fulfil On-Line Sales which you make using the Service, where such delay or failure is due to circumstances beyond our control or the control of our sub-contractors and agents, including but not restricted to electricity power failure, utilities failure, failure of telecommunications links, failure of transport infrastructure, fire, flood, government act, act of God, legislative constraints, strikes, labour disputes or malicious damage involving employees.
The use of the Website does not constitute a licence for you to use trademarks, designs and/or logos of us and our agents, including but not limited to UK Tea & Infusions Association (UKTIA).
3. Severance
If any part of the Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of the Terms.
4. Waiver
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision.
5. Law and Jurisdiction
Sales on this website are governed by English law and any dispute concerning this contract will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
6. Prices, Specifications and Delivery
Prices and specifications are subject to change without prior notice and delivery charges apply to all products.
You May Also Like
A Brief History
Discover the ancient origins and fascinating history of tea!
Featured Tea / Infusion
Rosehip Tea
Latest News
The Amount of tea you should drink a day to reduce your dementia risk
Login
Sitemap
T&Cs
Privacy
Cookies
Contact Us
For journalists visit TAP
News Alert Signup
I consent for UKTIA to contact me about news items
UKTIA Members Extranet
© Copyright 2020 - UK Tea and Infusions Association,
c/o Food & Drink Federation
6th Floor, 10 Bloomsbury Way
London, WC1A 2SL
Made by SugarShaker