http://www.hk91.com/help/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Forums
New posts
What's new
New posts
Latest activity
Latest activity
Register
Register
Log in
Menu
Log in
Register
Forums
Help
Un-civil conduct is not permitted on this board – do not post threads or replies for the purpose of abusing members of this board - honest reviews are permitted – gratuitous insults are forbidden. Do not respond in-kind if you are personally insulted.
Racist posts of any sort will not be tolerated.
Use great discretion before posting any remarks solely for the purpose of disparaging persons or groups who may or may not be members of this board. It is not possible to write a rule that is sufficiently inclusive or exclusive on this subject. The management of the board has full discretion to limit this sort of activity in any context where it may appear.
Do not re-post topics that were closed by moderators. If you object to the administrative choices made by the moderators, you are welcome to contact the moderators directly. While it is unlikely that decisions to close topics will be reversed, your opinion will be considered if it is presented in a thorough, coherent and respectful manner.
If you feel a post is in violation of any of these rules, use the “Report this post to a moderator” tool that appears at the lower right-hand corner of every post on this board.
While this list applies to all areas of the board, this list is not intended to be inclusive of every rule that may apply to this board. The Marketplace forum has a number of rules you should review before posting there. There are separate announcements pertaining to copyrighted material.
Rules may be added, and these rules may change, without particular notice. Members are responsible for using good judgment at all times, and are responsible for knowing the current rules for conduct on this board.
WTB / WTS / WTT ADSAll Advertisements, including Want to Buy, Want to Sell, Want to Trade, Belong in the MARKETPLACE ONLY.
Any new threads posted offering an item for sale, looking to trade or buy an item which are posted outside of Marketplace will be deleted without notice or warning.
Existing threads will be moved to marketplace.
Marketplace Feedback RatingsThe Marketplace feedback ratings system is now back.
You can now leave feedback for your Buy / Sell / Trade transactions.
Instructions on how to leave feedback ratings can be found HERE
Privacy policy
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
We are The FAL Files ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
Forums
Help
Top