http://www.angelfire.com/my/amx2/privacypolicy.html
Up Down
Stop Top
PRIVACY:
Please read carefully.
Privacy Policy
The Mr390AMX Website recognizes
that many adults and children who visit our web site are concerned about
how personal information they provide on-line is maintained and used by
The Mr390AMX Website. To address these concerns and to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy, especially for children who visit our sites, we
have developed and implemented this privacy policy so you will know how
The Mr390 Website gathers, and provides, information.
Gathering and Use of
Information
The Mr390AMX Website never requires Personal Information
be provided in order to gain access to our site, nor will we require
visitors to disclose more Personal Information than is reasonably needed
to participate in an activity on our site.
We recognize there are unique
issues raised about the protection of our children's privacy over the
Internet. All children-directed activities of the Mr390AMX Website are designed to comply
with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA) guidelines for web sites gathering identifiable information from
children (under age 13).
Cookies/IP Addresses
Like many websites, The Mr390AMX Website may use "cookie" technology
to track customer visits through our site. Cookies are pieces of information
that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping
purposes. They enhance the on-line experience while you are visiting different sections of the site.
And although you may receive cookies from many different sites,
each cookie can only be read by the Web server that originally issued
it.
We do not use your IP address.
Polls & Surveys
Information gathered from polls and surveys are do not use any personal
information. Therefore the answers to polls or surveys are posted on the
web site with no personal information ever.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the Legal Policy,
the practices of this site, your dealings with this web site, or your
Personal Information, you can always contact us at our e-mail address,
chiefwt1@yahoo.com.
Final Note
Our goal at The Mr390AMX Website is to provide a safe Internet environment
for you and your children. We do not like spam, popups and porn-related websites,
therefore we keep working on the site without these unpleasant parts of
the internet. We like to have more positiv factors in everybodies life,
and thats why this websites keeps on running.