https://www.crewseekers.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Crewseekers is committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our website visitors and newsletter subscribers.
Updated 18th May 2018
Thanks for using Crewseekers - this policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you visit our website, or when you use our Services. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We take your privacy extremely seriously, and we never sell lists or email addresses.
THE SHORT VERSION
We will use your details to provide you with the service(s) which you have asked us to provide in a legitimate way and in a manner that you would reasonably expect. We will take suitable steps to secure your data and will not provide your data to other organisations unless we are compelled by law to do so.  You can ask us for details of the infomration we hold, request that we delete it, and unsubscrive from our marketing emails at any time.
THE LONG VERSION
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits www.crewseekers.net we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. You can find more information on how cookies are used on this website in the Cookies Policy below.
If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Email Policy
As part of the registration process for Crewseekers we collect and use personal information and this is regarded by us as a Legitimate Interest under the terms of the General Data Protection Regulations.  We use that information for several reasons and in ways that you would reasonably expect and which have a minimal privacy impact;
1/ To keep you informed about our services via our Newsletter which is provided as part of the service requested and purchased by Crew Members of Crewseekers.
2/ To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information about your account
3/ To check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied.
We don't and will never rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
You control what communications you receive and can unsubscribe from newsletter emails at any time by using the Unsubscribe link in any communication we send to you or by emailing unsubscribe@crewseekers.net.  Customers will still receive important information, alerts and notices relating to their account.
We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp's privacy notice.
Links to Other Web Sites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. Those sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and if you have questions about how a site uses your information, you'll need to check that site's privacy statement.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Iain Barbour iain@crewseekers.net.
How do you ensure my data is secure?
Crewseekers is committed to keeping your data secure. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password protected and firewall protected) servers.
Right to access
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you by emailing your request to info@crewseekers.net or by writing to us at: Crewseekers Ltd, Tollgate, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LG
Right to update or correct information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by emailing info@crewseekers.net
Right to be forgotten
You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information that we have about you by emailing info@crewseekers.net
Retention of personal information
We will retain your information for the period necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be processed further, whichever is the longer.
Business Transfers
In the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganisation, or acquisition, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
Third-party Websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact info@crewseekers.net or write to us at: Crewseekers LtdTollgate, Chandler's Ford, Eastleigh, SO53 3LG
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and the latest version will always be on our website. If significant changes are made which may impact you, we will also notify these changes in advance via email.  This privacy notice was last updated on 18th May 2018.
Resolving Privacy IssuesWe will always try our best to resolve any data privacy issue you may have. You have the right to refer any data privacy issue to the Information Commissioner's Office at any time.
Cookies Policy
We use a system of classifying the different types of cookies which we use on the Website, or which may be used by third parties through our websites. The classification was developed by the International Chamber of Commerce UK and explains more about which cookies we use, why we use them, and the functionality you will lose if you decide you don't want to have them on your device.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user's device.
How long are cookies stored for?
Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.
Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close the browser, all session cookies are deleted.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience.
You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for.  These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.  By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.  By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Third party cookies
These cookies allow third parties to track the success of their application or customise the application for you. Because of how cookies work we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used on our site.
For example, if you choose to 'share' content through Twitter or other social networks you might be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so please check those websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
I would like to opt in to cookies I would like to opt out of cookies
we love sailing as much as you do
Crewseekers is run by experienced, professional sailors offering a friendly and helpful service to yacht crew and owners. We are the original yacht crew introduction agency – established for over 25 years, offering amateur and professional sailing opportunities throughout the world.
Read our story