http://www.firearmstraining.com/terms
Home
InstructorCredentials
ClassDescriptions
ClassSchedules
Facilityand Location
Frequently AskedQuestions
Law EnforcementTraining
Why DangerousWeapon Penal Codewas Changed
LEgun InstructorsMailing List
ExpertWitness
Links
Contact Us
Menu
Home
Instructor Credentials
Class Descriptions
Class Schedules
Facility and Location
Frequently Asked Questions
Law Enforcement Training
Why Dangerous Weapon Penal Code was Changed
LEgun Instructors Mailing List
Expert Witness
Links
Contact Us
Terms of Use
The following terms and conditions of use (the "Terms and Conditions") govern your ("You") use of the Self-Defense Firearms Training website (http://www.firearmstraining.com/), which shall include, without limitation, several Self-Defense Firearms Training Websites within one common industry category, and all content thereon (the "Site") as provided by Self-Defense Firearms Training ("“Self-Defense Firearms Training" or "we"). BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS APPLIED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not access or otherwise use the Site.
Disclaimer
Although the data found using Site have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty expressed or implied is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. Self-Defense Firearms Training provides this information on an "as is" basis. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights ARE DISCLAIMED. Changes may be periodically added to the information herein; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new version of the publication. If you have obtained information from Site from a source other than Self-Defense Firearms Training or Site, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution. Data can also quickly become out-of-date. It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any metadata associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. If you find any errors or omissions, we encourage you to report them to the Self-Defense Firearms Training webmaster.
We explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from the Self-Defense Firearms Training website. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from any Self-Defense Firearms Training website or third-party content on our sites. We do not endorse any of the merchandise, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party sites or content. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third-party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and third-party content. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
Disclaimer for Hypertext Links
Self-Defense Firearms Training is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages referenced. The user specifically acknowledges that Self-Defense Firearms Training is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user.
Links from Site on the World Wide Web to other sites do not constitute an endorsement from Self-Defense Firearms Training. These links are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility to the web surfer to evaluate the content and usefulness of information obtained from other sites.
Disclaimer of Duty to Contiute Provision of the Data
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restrict access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, homepages, and files are reorganized. User expressly agrees that use of Site is at the user's sole risk. Self-Defense Firearms Training does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free.
Ownership
All of the content on this website (which includes without limitation all graphics, text, images, photographs, illustrations, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof) is protected by copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary intellectual property rights owned by or licensed to Self-Defense Firearms Training. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.
Internet Access.
You acknowledge and agree that in connection with your use of the Site you must: (a) provide for your own access to the World Wide Web and pay any service fees associated with such access, and (b) provide all equipment necessary for you to make such access and connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer, software, a modem and a means of connecting to or accessing the Internet. Self-Defense Firearms Training shall not be responsible for any malfunctions, errors, crashes or other adverse events that may occur from your use of the Site.
User Information.
In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself to us ("User Information"). Information collection and use policies with respect to such User Information are set forth in the Self-Defense Firearms Training Privacy Policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of the User Information.
No Endorsement.
Self-Defense Firearms Training does not represent or warrant the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any material posted by others on or through the Site, nor does Self-Defense Firearms Training endorse any opinions expressed by Users or others, such as information provided in the "First Family Forum " portions of the Site. Users acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by others will be at their own risk. Any content placed on any discussion area by Users are the views of the User posting the statement, and do not represent the views of Self-Defense Firearms Training.
Unsolicited Materials.
Unless specifically requested, Self-Defense Firearms Training does not solicit nor does it wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site, any of its services, by e-mail, or in any other way.
Indemnification
User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless, Self-Defense Firearms Training from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of the use of the online service by user or user's account.
Choice of Law
Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof are governed by the laws of the State of California. Any litigation or dispute regarding or pertaining in any way to the terms of this “Terms of Use” agreement or this website itself shall be brought in the State District Court or the Federal District Court located in the County of Orange.
Greg Block
5375 Industrial Drive, Suite 107
Huntington Beach, CA 92649-1545
Terms of Use  •  Privacy Policy
© Self-Defense Firearms Training All rights reserved.
Phone: (714) 893-8676
Fax: (714) 894-7656
Email: greg@firearmstraining.com
FirearmInstruction.com
FirearmInstruction.com
FirearmsInstruction.com
FirearmTraining.com
Firearms-Training.com
Firearm-Training.com
GunInstruction.com
GunTraining.com
HandgunInstruction.com
HandgunTraining.com
ShootingSchool.com
ShootingSchools.com
Greg Block
5375 Industrial Drive, Suite 107
Huntington Beach, CA 92649-1545
Phone: (714) 893-8676
Fax: (714) 894-7656
Email: greg@firearmstraining.com
© Self-Defense Firearms Training
All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy