https://www.camaro.com/privacy-policy/
Login
Register
Help
Contact Us
camaro.com
Add your car
Home
Inventory
Listings map
Blog
Compare
Login
Register
Help
Contact Us
Home
Inventory
Listings map
Blog
Privacy Policy
camaro.com > Privacy Policy
Who we are
This site is owned and operated by Rendition Multimedia, Inc. and we are an Illinois Corporation.  The site is not affiliated in any way with General Motors or Chevrolet.
Our mailing address is:P.O. Box 9110Mount Prospect, IL 60056
Our website address is: https://rendition.io
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. By uploading images to our web site you agree to grant us license to use the images for commercial purposes without attribution. We will use your images in order to help describe your vehicle for sale, and may feature the image in other areas of the web site.
Contact forms
Data you provide in contact forms is encrypted with industry standard SSL (https) and is only sent to the owner of the camaro.com web site, Rendition Multimedia.  We do not share your contact information with third parties.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous traffic and usage data in accordance with industry standards.
Who we share your data with
Aside from the posting of your vehicle information, we do not share your personally identifiable information (PII) with third parties.  People interested in contacting sellers about a vehicle will use a web form to send inquiries.  This does not expose the seller’s personal contact information.  If you are using the contact form to inquire about a vehicle, please note that you are voluntarily sharing your contact information with the private seller or car dealer.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
We retain your contact information for the purpose of forwarding buyer inquiries, billing if required, and occasional email regarding your account.  We may from time to time send email newsletters to our members, which will contain a link to unsubscribe or otherwise manage the frequency of these emails.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We do not store credit card information.  Credit card processing is done through reputable third-party processors such as Stripe or PayPal.  Personal contact information is encrypted, and stored in the AWS cloud using industry standard firewall and malware protection.  We maintain dedicated servers that are not part of shared-hosting plans with any other web publishers.
What data breach procedures we have in place
We use third party security scanning and will notify users of any breach in their data.  Data is stored in an encrypted format that further protects their information.
What third parties we receive data from us
Aside from publishing vehicle information on our web site, we currently do not share your data with third parties.  Contacting a seller with our web form will voluntarily share your email contact data with the seller.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Geo-location services may be used to show visitors a list of vehicles or car dealers that are relevant to the region in which we believe the visitor is browsing from.
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
No applicable regulatory requirements.
Schedule a Test Drive
Privacy Policy
Name
Email
Phone
Best time
Request
Request car price
Privacy Policy
Name
Email
Phone
Request
Compare