http://www.oceannavigator.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
SectionsHome
Ocean Voyaging
Offshore Sailing
Navigation
Weather
Marine Technology
Power Voyaging
Cruising Skills
Voyaging Tips
Short Tacks
Good Reads
Videos
Boats Gear & Industry News
AboutOrder A Copy
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
Connect With Us
Sign Up For Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Navigator Publishing, publisher of Professional Mariner Magazine, American Tugboat Review, American Ship Review, Ocean Navigator Magazine and Ocean Voyager Magazine, recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our readers and customers and thanks you for your time in reading our Privacy Policy.
We use the information that you share with us in different ways. We use your survey responses and feedback to help us improve content for all of our publications as well as shaping content for future issues and events. We use your contact information to interact with you regarding news, upcoming events and other things we think you’ll be interested in. This interaction may include contact via e-mail as well as “snail” mail.
If you sign up for our e-newsletters you may also receive periodic promotions from any one of our other publications as well as our clients. While we never sell our e-mail lists to third parties or clients, we may send e-mails to you on behalf of businesses outside of Navigator Publishing. If you enter a ticket giveaway or contest we may use and share your information with other Navigator Publishing’s publications as well as the third parties associated with the prize or giveaway. Your information will never be made public or sold, however.
You can remove or add your e-mail to our distribution lists at any time. There is an unsubscribe link located at the bottom all of our digital communications (e-mail, e-newsletter, e-blast, etc.) If you ever encounter a problem unsubscribing or which to change your preferences, then please contact us (link here to info@navigatorpublishing.com).
When you sign up for a service we offer on the site, we may be required to share personal information with third party service providers (credit card processors, shipping companies and fulfillment services) in order to provide the service. These third party providers are required to comply with this policy and protect your information in the same way we do. They are not permitted to retain or use personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
These third party providers are required to comply with this policy and protect your information in the same way we do. They are not permitted to retain or use personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
Current Issue
Buy A Copy
Subscribe
Advertise
Archives
Newsletter
Popular Articles
Five ways to preserve fish without refrigerationStorm tactics for small yachtsBenefits of a pilothouse boatDangerous waves and your boatOffshore sailboat choicesA legendary offshore danger
Read MoreOcean Voyaging
Offshore Sailing
Navigation
Weather
Marine Technology
Power Voyaging
Voyaging Tips
Short Tacks
Close
Share
Toggle Fullscreen
Zoom in/out
Previous
Next