http://www.hilltoptreks.ie/termsconditions/
| COVID
Home
Day Tours from Dublin
Wicklow Glendalough
Celts and Castles Tour
Wicklow, Glendalough and Kilkenny
Guided Walks From Dublin
Cliffs of Moher
Private Day Tours Ireland
Group Tours with Hilltoptreks
Guided Day Walks
Guided Walks in Ireland
Full Moon Walk Dublin
Hill Walking Club
Guided Walking Holidays
Walking Holidays Ireland
3 or 5 Day Wicklow Tour
South West of Ireland Tour – 7 Days
7 Day Connemara and Aran Islands
15 Day All Ireland Tour
The Wild Atlantic Way
Walking Holidays Abroad
Walking Holiday in Palestine
Italy – Dolomites
Portuguese Camino Coastal Route
Short Walking Breaks Ireland
Walking Weekend in Tipperary
Walking Weekend in Donegal
Walking Weekend in West Cork
Self Guided Walking Holidays
Self Guided Walks in Ireland
Wicklow Way – Ireland
Kerry Way – Ireland
Dingle Way – Ireland
Western Way – Ireland
Beara Way – Ireland
Sheep’s Head – Ireland
Self Guided Walks Europe
Camino – Self Guided
Portuguese Coastal Camino
Portugal – Fishermen’s Trail
Courses
Online Navigation course
Hill Walking Course
Contact Us
Search
Menu
Menu
Hilltoptreks Limited –  Terms and Conditions
Booking Conditions:
All bookings are subject to the terms and conditions set out below. Your statutory rights are not affected. All tours and walks are operated by Hilltoptreks Limited, an Irish-registered Company. Whether services are supplied or carried out directly by Hilltoptreks Ltd or through a third party, your contract is with Hilltoptreks Limited.
A booking is deemed to be made when a phone / email reservation is made (in the case of a 1 day hike) or when the appropriate booking deposit is received (in the case of all other hikes or Tours) by HilltopTreks Limited “The Company” from an individual or group “The Customer”.
Clear understanding and acceptance of the following terms and conditions is implied when a booking is made and this constitutes the limit of The Company’s liability.
You can make a provisional booking for any HilltopTreks Limited by phone, by email or through our website. You can also make a provisional booking through any Dublin-based tourist office, hotel, hostel or B&B, and through any authorised travel agent.
Provisional bookings are held for up to 14 days but cannot be guaranteed and do not become confirmed bookings until they are paid for (in the case of day hikes) or until the appropriate booking deposit is received (in the case of all other walks or Tours).
Payment
Payment may be made by bank transfer, bank draft, cheque, credit card or also in cash. For cheques and drafts, we can accept selected non-euro currencies but please call ahead to confirm the foreign currency equivalent for our euro-priced hikes.
There may be a charge of 3% to cover Credit card payments.
Full payment for 1 day tours and walks are due at the time of booking. For all other Tours and Walking holidays a booking deposit may be required to secure your booking.
The balance is due in full 6 weeks before the start of the Tour.
NOTE: Confirmed bookings cannot be guaranteed if full payment is not received within 6 weeks of the tour start date.
If the full balance of the walking tour price is not received within 6 weeks then HilltopTreks Limited reserves the right to cancel the booking.
In the event of a booking being made less than 6 weeks before the start date, the total price is payable at the time of booking.
Modification or Cancellation of a walking tour by the Business
we endeavor to operate all our walking tours as advertised. However, we reserve the right to modify or cancel any tour up to four weeks before the start date of the tour.
HilltopTreks Limited undertakes not to cancel or modify any tour within four weeks of the tour start date unless forced to do so by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
In the event that we have to cancel a tour, the customer shall receive a full refund of the monies paid to us but will not be entitled to any further sum by way of compensation, damages or otherwise arising from said cancellation. This applies no matter when the tour is cancelled.
In the rare instance that accommodation for your tour is unavailable due to high demand, we may need to use alternative suppliers, incurring additional charges. If the possibility of additional charges arises, you will be notified of these and asked for your permission to proceed before Hilltoptreks Limited continues with the booking.
Our guided walking tours are dependent upon a minimum number of customers. Where the minimum number of customers has not been met six weeks prior to the start date, HilltopTreks Limited is entitled to cancel the guided tour. Every effort will be made to find another tour that is convenient for you or, alternatively, all monies paid to Hilltoptreks Limited shall be refunded to the customer. However, HilltopTreks Limited s not responsible for any additional expenses that may have been incurred by the customer in preparing the trip.
Force Majeure: Where war or terrorist activities, threatened or actual, civil unrest, industrial action, threatened or actual, weather conditions, fire, flood, drought, airport regulations or closures, unforeseen alterations to public transport schedules and rescheduling of air craft or any other event outside the control of the HilltopTreks Limited either delays or extends the tour or compels a change in prior arrangements, the Business cannot accept liability for any resulting loss, damage or expense to the customer.
Customer Cancellation or Modification
Modification: Where the customer wishes to modify the walking tour arrangements and Hilltoptreks Limited had accepted and confirmed the booking, a minimum administration fee of €50 (depending on which currency you used to pay your deposit) per booking will be applied.
If any additional costs have been incurred by Hilltoptreks (e.g. administration, cancellation fees, etc.), these will also be charged to the customer. Any modifications will depend on alternative availability.
Modifications to tours that have been confirmed are not possible within 2 weeks of the tour start date.
Cancellations: Where the customer cancels the tour and HilltopTreks Limited has accepted the booking, or where HilltopTreks Limited cancels the tour due to customer non-payment, the following charges shall apply:
1 Day Public Tour and Guided Walks – Cancellation Policy
A cancellation fee of 100% applies for cancellations made less than 48hrs in advance, or in case of no-show.
A cancellation fee of 50% applies for cancellations made less than 72hrs in advance.
No cancellation fee applies for cancellations made 3 or more days in advance.
If you cannot make the tour on the date requested and you contact us with in 48hrs of your tour date, then we may be able to provide an alternative date depending on availability.
1 Day Private Tour and Private Guided Walks – Cancellation Policy
A cancellation fee of 100% applies for cancellations made less than 7 days in advance, or in case of no-show.
A cancellation fee of 50% applies for cancellations made less than 14 days in advance.
No cancellation fee applies for cancellations made 2 or more weeks in advance
If you cannot make the tour on the date requested and you contact us within 7 days of your tour date, then we may be able to provide an alternative date depending on availability.
Short Breaks and Walking Weekends – Cancellation Policy
A cancellation fee of 100% applies for cancellations made less than 2 weeks in advance, or in case of no-show.
A cancellation fee of 50% applies for cancellations made less than 4 weeks in advance.
No cancellation fee applies for cancellations made 4 weeks or more in advance.
If you cannot make the tour on the date requested and you contact us within 2 weeks of your tour date, then we may be able to provide an alternative walking weekend depending on availability.
Guided Walking Holidays in Ireland and abroad– Cancellation Policy
A cancellation fee of 100% applies for cancellations made less than 2 weeks in advance, or in case of no-show.
A cancellation fee of 50% applies for cancellations made less than 4 weeks in advance.
No cancellation fee applies for cancellations made 4 weeks or more in advance.
Self Guided Walking Holidays in Ireland and abroad – Cancellation Policy
A cancellation fee of 100% applies for cancellations made less than 2 weeks in advance, or in case of no-show.
A cancellation fee of 50% applies for cancellations made less than 4 weeks in advance.
No cancellation fee applies for cancellations made 4 weeks or more in advance.
Hilltoptreks Limited’s Liability to the Customer:
Although we take the greatest care to ensure that everything runs smoothly on your trip, accidents can happen. For this reason, HilltopTreks Limited strongly encourages you to take out adequate insurance cover prior to travel for loss or damage to personal property, personal injury or illness, medical expenses and cancellation expenses. Please note that neither Hilltoptreks Limited or its employees nor its agents can accept any liability relating to personal injury or illness, loss or damage to personal equipment, or any other unforeseen events that occur during your tour.
Any information or advice provided by HilltopTreks Limited on matters such as walking routes, climate, clothing, travel documents, baggage, special equipment etc. is given in good faith but without responsibility on the part of the Business.
The customer accepts responsibility for obtaining any necessary visas and travel documents needed to allow them to take a walking tour with Hilltoptreks Limited.
Hilltoptreks Limited are not liable for any activity which is provided by a third party from our any of tours i.e. Horse Riding, Cycling, Kayaking, etc.
Health, Fitness & Due Care
Walking is a physically strenuous outdoor activity, usually undertaken in remote locations, and thus has an element of risk associated with it. The Customer understands and accepts that there is risk involved. The Customer is confident that they have a level of personal health and fitness sufficient to engage in such activity. Furthermore, the Customer confirms that they do not suffer (and have never suffered) from any per-existing medical condition which would preclude them from participating in such an activity.
The Customer will observe due care at all times and be mindful of their personal safety and that of the group. Furthermore, on guided treks, the Customer agrees to heed the advice and instructions of the guide in relation to matters of safety at all times.
Jurisdiction
This contract is made on the terms of these booking conditions which are governed by Irish Law and customers shall submit to the jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.
Tour information & Feedback
Hilltoptreks website includes general descriptions of the various tours available, specifically outlining the itinerary and services included in the price. Changes in any or all of these items may need to be made
from time to time, and you should request a detailed dossier for up to date information about the tour.
Our website contains statements representing its honest belief that the facts as shown are correct. Every reasonable effort has been made to fully describe the tours offered and every reasonable attempt will be made to honour what has been described.
HilltopTreks Limited reserves the right to make changes to the information, prices and itineraries set out in the website and provided such changes have been notified to the customer prior to the
submission of a booking form, such changes shall be binding on the parties.
Likeness: Any likeness of you secured or taken on any of our tours or any imagery/media which you capture and share with us (e.g. either by email or on social media), may be used by Hilltoptreks Limited
without charge in all media, for bona fide promotional or marketing purposes, including without limitation promotional materials of any kind, such as brochures or on the Internet.
In the interests of continuing to offer the best possible standards of service, Hilltoptreks Limited reserves the right to share, or not to share, any feedback or comments received from you with our business partners be they accommodation suppliers, luggage transfer providers, taxi drivers, walking trail maintenance, etc.
Luggage Transfer Service
Each customer of Hilltoptreks Limited is entitled to one item of baggage to be transferred along the walking route during their tour.
An upper weight limit of 17kg per person applies to the luggage transfer service included in all our walking tour packages. HilltopTreks Limited reserves the right to
refuse the transfer of loads which exceed these limits.
Luggage will not be transferred to locations which are outside the tour itinerary you have booked. If you have booked an extra night’s accommodation in a location outside the tour itinerary, your
baggage will not be transferred to or from this location.
Neither Hilltoptreks Limited, its employees nor its agents can accept any liability relating to loss or damage of personal property during the transfer of luggage during your walking tour. For this reason, valuable or breakable items (e.g. jewellery, electronic devices, cash, etc.) should not be le in baggage due to be transferred.
HilltopTreks Limited strongly encourages you to take out adequate insurance cover prior to travel for loss or damage to personal property.
Special Offers & Discounts
Special offers or discounts cannot be used in conjunction with any other existing offers.All reductions apply to the tour price only. Single supplement charges and extra night costs will be incurred as normal where applicable.
No Smoking Policy
We do not permit smoking on any of our vehicles.
HilltopTreks 17 Dodder Lawn,
Dodder Valley Park,
Firhouse Dublin 24,
Ireland
Local: 087  7849599
Int: +353 (0) 87 7849599
Email: Info@hilltoptreks.ie
Skype : Hilltoptreks
Day Tours from DublinDay Tour of Wicklow, Glendalough
Celts and Castles Tour
Cliffs of Moher
Private Day Tours
Gift VouchersContact Us
Your Email (required)
Your Message
Scroll to top
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes