https://www.corlissgroup.com/privacy/
HOME
ABOUT
GET A QUOTE
CONTACT
(800) 959-8626
(800) 959-8626
Toggle navigation
Cruises
Cruise Search
Advanced Search
Signature Collection
Destination Search
Cruise Lines
Embarkation Ports
Vacations
Vacation Search
Advanced Search
Search by Destination
Vacation Suppliers
Hotels
Signature Hotels & Resorts
Hotels Specials
Specialty
Search World Destinations
Signature Culinary Travel
Discover River Cruising
Luxury Travel
Family Vacation Travel
Why Group Travel
Adventure Travel
Celebrations
Destinations
Alaska Cruises/Cruise Tours
Hawaii Vacations
Mexico Vacations
World Destinations
Specials
Hot Cruise Deals
Hot Vacation Deals
Hotels Specials
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Get a Quote
Travel Tools & Resources
Travel Magazines
Privacy Statement
The Corliss Group understands the privacy concerns of today s Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.
The Corliss Group will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of The Corliss Group.
The Corliss Group does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to Contact our Customer Service Department.
Enter Sweepstakes!
Sign Up!
Receive special offers and discounts via email.
Subscribe Now!
Protect Your Travel Investment
We recommend optional travel insurance that protects you in the event of having to cancel your trip avoiding travel vendor cancellation policies and more! Speak to your Travel Consultant today.