http://www.shafervineyards.com/about/privacy.php
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The Shafer Vineyard’s online ordering system is designed to make your transaction safe, secure and private. Your information is only used in the purchase of Shafer wine and merchandise. Your information is encrypted and stored securely and is never given away, made available, or sold to anyone not involved in the ordering and fulfillment process.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US
In several areas, we ask you to provide information by filling out and submitting an online form. Following is a list of the information we request, arranged by site location, and details on how we use this information.
CHECKOUT - We ask for your name, address and contact information so we can send you your order, and so we can contact you if we have a question about your order. We ask for credit card information so we can fulfill your order, and so we can provide this information to the company or companies who process your credit card payment.
When you make a purchase your credit card will be processed by Shafer Vineyards. Please check your credit card statement to verify that the charges have been properly processed.
MY ACCOUNT - To create an account, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address and a user name and password. We use this information to fulfill your orders. We do not share or sell this information.
INFORMATION WE DON'T COLLECT - When you visit and browse our site, we do not collect your name, email address or any other personal information unless you provide it to us.
HOW WE USE EMAIL - After you place an order on our site, you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information.
We utilize your email when we send occasional updates regarding new wine releases and winery-related news. Unsubscribe instructions are included in each Shafer email update. We do not sell or share email addresses with other companies. We do use email as a means of receiving feedback from our customers, and we encourage you to email us with your questions or comments. We read every email we receive.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES - We provide links to a handful of other sites we think you will find useful. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
ABOUT INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH OTHERS - We do not, under any circumstances, share or sell your information to anyone.
INFORMATION WE DO NOT SHARE WITH OTHERS - We do not share, sell or trade email addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or specific details about you or your household.
We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.
For both privacy and security purposes, all transactional information communicated between customers and our Web site is transmitted in an encrypted format, and all credit card information is deleted from our servers immediately after card authorization.
HOW TO REMOVE YOUR NAME FROM OUR MAILING LIST - Email us at  info@shafervineyards.com or use the unsubscribe function in the next email from Shafer.
UPDATES TO OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES - We're always looking for ways to improve our site's features and services and to improve the way we communicate our information practices. As a result, this statement is updated from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will never change our policies with regard to releasing information to third parties without first notifying all customers and providing them with the opportunity to "opt-in" for correspondence from other companies.
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS - For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to email us  info@shafervineyards.com or call: 707-944-2877. We're always happy to help.
Click here to schedule a Tasting Visit at Shafer
Shafer Vineyards
6154 Silverado Trail
Napa, CA 94558
1.707.944.2877
Fax 707.944.9454
For inquiries other than requesting a tasting visit, email us