http://www.devonbirdofprey.co.uk/privacy-policy/13
Skip to content
About The Devon Bird of Prey Centre At the Devon Bird of Prey Centre you will meet some of the worlds most spectatular Birds of Prey, presented in a unique and personal way, where it is clear to see the high standard of care and total regard for all the birds.
The passion and commitment to the birds is obvious for all to see and the centre has professional credibility in view of being Zoo Licensed.
Covid UpdateWe are now open again. Daily 11am – 3:30pm
Bird of Prey Experiences
Adopt a Bird of Prey
Visit the Devon Bird of Prey Centre
COMING SOON
Online Shop
Find Us We are located at Fermoys Garden Centre near Newton Abbot, easily accessible from the A38. Set in rolling Devon countryside with views of Dartmoor Fermoys Garden Centre, Ipplepen, Newton Abbot TQ12 5TN
instagram.com/dbopc
What a beautiful little place. We loved it here SO clean and tidy and clearly all the staff loved their job here. Everyone was so helpful and chatty. Had a... read more lovely welcome, took our time to see each bird and each one is beautiful, so characterful. My 9 and 7 yr old had a super time. Thank you!!!
gillr29510/30/2020
We spent some time walking round the birds and enjoying the surroundings. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable and the birds were clearly well cared for. An enjoyable visit, thank... read more you.
Kezzy110/21/2020
Love coming here. Was nice to see Amber again. The birds are well looked after and cared for. The staff are so knowledgeable. Saw this beautiful bird
Berni H10/09/2020
We visited the birds of prey centre in September 2020.
We were welcomed by a lovely lady at the reception.
We were free to look around at the... read more stunning birds.
We watched the display at 2pm, we were the only 2 people there so it was as if we had a personal display!
The
keepers were very knowledgeable and friendly.
We felt we definitely got our moneys worth out of the experience.
The birds are clearly very well looked after and happy in their environment.
Would highly recommend a visit.
Sarah827610/04/2020
Fascinating experience - small group - very personal - and the birds flew back and forth brushing against you. It was ace and the staff 100% dedicated and knowledgeable. ... read more I was taken there semi reluctantly but cannot praise the experience enough!
You wander about an look at the birds, then there was an organised flying display (guests seated) at 2pm. We did not stay for feeding at 3pm. The birds are treted with love and respect and are well looked after.
Global8253469/16/2020
The centre is only small but well worth a visit. The staff are extremely knowledgeable and clearly passionate about what they do. The birds are great and the flying display... read more is good fun, it's not often you can have a massive bird of prey flying past your face!
Slacklankynumpty8/19/2020
Even though it was windy and quite unfavourable weather, they were able to run a limited display and we got so close to the birds, the kids loved it. We... read more officially love Barn Owls. Thanks Karen for a really nice experience, especially given the weather!
Mr_Pigeon_118/09/2020
OMG, What can I say but OMG, so excellent.
I was gifted a 2 hour bird of prey experience for my Christmas/Birthday present by my wife. The experience was... read more outstanding. Karen and her team, were friendly and their experience shone through. I got to have a number of these beautiful birds on my gauntlet, from a small white faced scops owl to the king of the skies, Galahad the Eagle. Watching these birds flying towards me and land on the gauntlet was a dream come true for me.
Karen and her team taught
me so much about these birds.
Their love for the work they do is clearly visible.
I cannot recommend this to you enough. If you like Birds of prey this is a must for you.
Thank you Karen.
I thoroughly enjoyed my time :D
stevecI7109PG1/15/2020
Nice seeing such stunning well looked after wild birds,really enjoyed our visit,easy to find and also a few strides away from the garden centre.
2911Devon10/06/2019
Help support our birds on