http://www.texashuntinglease.com/hp/About_us/privacystatement.php
Click Java help if you do not see the navigation
menu above this sentence.
Privacy Statement for Texas Hunting Lease
Many Texans prefer to make a deal by looking straight into each others eyes
and offering a firm handshake.  Here are our eyes. The internet handshake
may take awhile.
Texas Hunting Lease.com has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
Texas Hunting Lease.com
Information Automatically Logged
Our web site logs the IP address of all individuals
who view out site.  These logs are aggregated and reviewed to determine
the number of hits we receive for a given time period.  When an individual
joins our premium service, the IP address  is logged at the time the
purchase.  This information is used if disputes arise related to the
purchase of our service.  (i.e. in other to track down individuals
attempting to use fraudulent credit cards).  This information is never
shared with other companies or individuals unless we are directed to do
so by a court order.
Cookies
Our web site uses cookies that expire when you close your
browser.  This cookie contains your email address and password.  Our
site does require you to use this cookie, it is only placed on your computer
for convenience.  The information is used as a security measure because
we recheck these values before updating any information in our database. Additional
cookie information.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form only requires users
to give us your email address.  Premium members must provide name
and address information to verify credit card transactions.  Premium
members have the option to disclose additional personal  information
at their discretion.  We specifically ask that your do not provide
Texas Hunting Lease.com with any personal information such as social security
numbers or mother's maiden name that may be used in conjunction with your
credit card to commit fraud.  However, PayPal
may need some verification information and they use an encrypted secure
connection. Also we request that you do not use your "common" pin number
as a password to our site. Our sign on process is not encrypted and your
password could be captured by third parties on the net.  Although
we request that you follow these suggestions, Texas Hunting Lease will
not monitor or report compliance.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Texas Hunting
Lease.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of
such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect
the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
All core data is protected and may only be accessed by authorized officers
of our organization.
Choice/Opt Out
To remove yourself from our web site, you can send email to customer
service
You can login to select from many deletion options.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided:
You can send email to contact webmaster
You can login to select from many change options including removing yourself
from the website
Tracking
We track the following information
all contacts that are made between hunters, landowners, and guides
the history of all email that was part of our active database at any point
in time.
We will never sell or provide email address to third parties for any reason
unless required to do so by a court order.
Credit Card Transactions
Credit card transactions are processed by PayPal
which has confidentiality of transactions covered by their privacy policy.
A professional payment authorization service was chosen for added security.
PayPal offers secure encrypted credit card transactions for thousands of companies
and has security measures in place that cannot be duplicated by smaller sites.
Information collected during transactions is maintained in their database for
accounting purposes.  Information from these transactions is not released
to third party marketers by PayPal.  You will also not receive ads from PayPal
in the future other than: clarifications of orders; notice that the order has
been processed; and, in the case of e-mail forwarding, renewal and cutoff notices.
Children
Texas Hunting Lease.com does not attempt to collect personal information
from children.  If children do send personal information to us, such
as writing to Santa, sending e-mail, etc., the information is deleted.
Note that we cannot always determine that a user is a child.
Third Party Servers
No Images, files, or cookies are downloaded from third party servers.  This
means no banner networks, 'hidden' images of size 1x1 pixel, etc.  We only
provide standard links to other sites.
Advertising
We do not allow third party sites to advertise on Texas Hunting Lease.com.
Any advertisement that you see on our site is for a particular product
or service the we specifically endorse and have a direct contact with the
supply company or web site.  We do not allow third part advertising
agencies to post random advertisements onto our site.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at
contact webmaster