http://www.petermichaelwinery.com/privacy-policy
Member Login
Join Our Waiting list
Search
About
Winery History
Giving Back
Land Stewardship
Peter Michael Foundation
Legacy
Newsworthy
Vineyards
Ma Belle-Fille Vineyard
Belle Côte Vineyard
Mon Plaisir Vineyard
La Carrière Vineyard
Seaview Vineyard
Les Pavots Vineyard
Pisoni Vineyard
Au Paradis Vineyard
Our Wines
Wine Portfolio
Red Wine
Cabernet Blends
Les Pavots Knights Valley
Au Paradis Oakville
L’Esprit des Pavots Sonoma County/Napa County
Pinot Noir
Le Caprice Fort Ross-Seaview
Ma Danseuse Fort Ross-Seaview
Clos du Ciel Fort Ross-Seaview
Le Moulin Rouge Santa Lucia Highlands
White Wine
Sauvignon Blanc/Sémillon
L’Après-Midi Knights Valley
Coeur à Coeur Knights Valley
Chardonnay (Vineyard Specific)
La Carrière Knights Valley
Mon Plaisir Knights Valley
Belle Côte Knights Valley
Ma Belle-Fille Knights Valley
Chardonnay (Barrel Selection Cuvees)
Cuvée Indigène Knights Valley
Point Rouge Knights Valley
Winemaking
Annual Release Schedule
Care & Serving Information
Tasting Notes
People
Sir Peter & Lady Michael
Paul & Emily Michael
Robert Fiore
Javier Aviña
Contact
Your Privacy Rights
Effective as of March 2020
Our Commitment to Privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy explains how Peter Michael Winery collects, uses and safeguards information you provide to us on this Site, at the Winery, or that you have otherwise given us which personally identifies you, as well as general, non-personal information that is automatically collected from our Site. This policy does not, however, govern the terms of our relationship or constitute any representation or warranty. The terms of our relationship are governed by our Terms of Use, which you can find here. The terms “the Winery,” “Site,” “us” or “we” refer to Peter Michael Winery and/or the Peter Michael Foundation, and this website. The terms “you”, “your” or “customer” refer to the user or viewer of this Site or customer of the Winery.  Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not register, subscribe, create an account, make purchases or otherwise interact with this Site. By visiting and using the features on the Site (including mailing list sign up and browsing), or by providing us with your personal information, you agree to this privacy policy.
We are based in California, and this policy incorporates protections for California residents provided under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).  Since we care about your privacy, we provide the same rights to all of our customers whether or not they are California residents.  As discussed further below under Legal Disclaimers, your use of this Site and our services are subject to California and United States law.
Summary of Your Rights
If you ever have any questions about how we use and store your personal information, you can submit those questions to us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.  Below is a non-exhaustive summary of the rights you have in this policy.  This summary is only for your convenience: it does not change the details, exceptions and legal obligations that apply to these items set out in more detail below:
We do not and will not sell your data to any Third Parties for their marketing purposes.  We share your personal information only with the Peter Michael Foundation, as detailed below, as well as with certain Third Parties such as our Service Providers to carry out our business with you.
You may request that we delete the personal information you provided to us at any time by sending your request to pm@petermchaelwinery.com or by contacting the Winery directly at 800-354-4459 and we will delete it (unless there is a specific reason we need to keep it).
You may opt out of receiving marketing e-mails or the use of your personal data by us for direct marketing purposes. To opt out of the use of your personal data for this purpose, contact us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com or by contacting the Winery directly at 800-354-4459.
For mailing list members that have opted-in, the Winery occasionally shares contact information with The Peter Michael Foundation, in support of their groundbreaking efforts in prostate cancer research and patient care.  Members may opt-out of this program at any time by logging into their mailing list account at www.petermichaelwinery.com and selecting “Manage Preferences”, or by contacting the winery directly at 800-354-4459 or pm@petermichaelwinery.com.  To learn more about the Peter Michael Foundation, please visit petermichaelfoundation.org.
Up to twice a year, you may ask us about the personal information that we collect and store, by contacting us at 1-800-354-4459 or at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.
We do not and have not sold or disclosed customers’ personal information for any purposes to anyone other than Service Providers, and the Peter Michael Foundation.
You cannot object to our sharing your information with our Service Providers, listed below, to facilitate your transactions, but be assured that our agreements with those providers and California Consumer Privacy Regulations prevent them from using your personal information for any other purposes.
We use cookies when you visit our site to make the experience easier and less time consuming. We also use them to confirm that you are logged into our website and interacting with our information. You may manage your cookies, ‘Do Not Track,’ and similar technologies by accessing your browser’s preference/settings menu. However, this may impact your ability to take advantages of certain functions of our site and your ability to order wine on our site.
You have a right not to receive any discriminatory treatment by the Winery for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
NOTICE OF COLLECTION
Who is Collecting Your Data
Peter Michael Winery controls the data that is collected on the Site.
You can contact us anytime at:
Private Member Support Team
Peter Michael Winery
12400 Ida Clayton Road
Calistoga, CA 94515
USA
1-800-354-4459
pm@petermchaelwinery.com
Categories of Information We Collect
We collect and store certain personal information about you at various points in order to provide you with products and services. We collect this information from information that either you provide us directly or gathered from your devices. As discussed further below, we are required to collect certain information from you such as your age and residence in order to sell and ship you wine legally.  We also use this information and additional information we collect to customize our services to your preferences and provide you with products and services that we believe will appeal to you.
California defines certain categories of “personal information.” We collect information that falls into these categories directly from you and your electronic devices, as well as from other publicly available sources, and it is disclosed in the following manner:
Category
Examples of Types of Data
Do We Collect It?
Disclosed to Third Parties
Sold to Third Parties
(A) Identifiers
name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, etc.
YES
SERVICE PROVIDERS ONLY
NO
(B) Additional Identifiers
telephone number, driver’s license or state identification card number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information
YES
YES
NO
(C) Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
age (if 40 and over), gender, marital status, race, national origin and other protected classes
YES
NO
NO
(D) Commercial information
records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
YES
SERVICE PROVIDERS ONLY
NO
(E) Biometric information
genetic, physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics, that can be used to establish individual identity such as fingerprints or facial recognition
NO
NO
NO
(F) Internet or other electronic network activity information
browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
YES
NO
NO
(G) Geolocation data
location of your electronic device
YES
NO
NO
(H) Sensory data
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
NO
NO
NO
(I) Professional or employment-related information
job history or performance evaluations
NO
NO
NO
(J) Non-public education information
student education, financial or disciplinary records
NO
NO
NO
(K) Inferences
drawn from any of the information above to create a profile about a consumer
YES
NO
NO
Why We Collect Your Information
We collect your information to manage our relationship with you and send you communications, and for a number of our other business purposes, including the following:
AGE VERIFICATION
You must be of legal age to use the Site or to purchase any alcoholic beverage.  If you wish to purchase any alcohol containing beverage from us, you may be required to provide personal information sufficient to verify that you are over 21 years of age.  If you do not provide information to verify that you are of legal age, we cannot provide any services to you.  We also cannot ship any product to you if you do not provide an address at which a person over the legal age is available to receive the product.  We do not knowingly collect nor do we sell personal information from individuals under 21, nor do we direct any of our content to individuals under 21. If we learn that we collected the personal information of a minor, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
TRANSACTIONS
We are required to collect and provide your information to certain of our third party vendors and service providers for payment processing, email services and other services essential to the running of the business, as discussed below.
MARKETING
We also use the information we collect for our marketing purposes. Certain portions of this information are made available to the Peter Michael Foundation. If you would like to opt out of our use of your information for marketing purposes, or to be removed from our email list, you may contact us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.  Even if you opt out, we may still send emails to you concerning specific transactions or other non-marketing related messages. Our service providers are not permitted to use your information for their own marketing purposes, unless they have an independent relationship to you and have obtained your information from another source.
When you visit the Site, we also collect some basic non-personal information about you and your browser. Examples of such non-personal information that is collected include what type of browser and operating system you are using, how long you remained on our Site and what pages you looked at while here. This non-personal information is anonymous and helps us understand how visitors browse our Site, so that we can make their experience better.  We do not make any efforts to identify you from this non-personal information. We use Third-Party vendors for these services discussed more below.
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
Under California law, you have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information.  We do not sell personal information, but we are providing you with the ability to opt out of the sale of your personal information in any event by sending an email to us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com with the subject line Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Your Rights to Access or Delete Your Data
If you so desire, we will provide you with a copy of your account data or delete your account at your request.  Up to twice a year, you may ask us whether we are collecting, storing, using, disclosing or selling your personal information, what categories and specific pieces of personal information of yours we are collecting and storing, the categories of sources from which our personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, and whom we may have shared your information with.
You may request a copy of the categories of personal information we have about you by contacting us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com or by contacting the Winery directly at 1-800-354-4459. We may contact you further to verify your identity if we do not have sufficient proof in your request, such as the request being sent from your email address that matches the one we have.  If you request specific pieces of information, to verify your request you will need to provide a declaration to us via mail at Peter Michael Winery, 12400 Ida Clayton Road, Calistoga, CA 94515. We will work diligently to respond to your requests and will provide you with a free response within 45 days.
If you would like us to delete your data, please contact us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com or by contacting the Winery directly at 1-800-354-4459. Depending on the nature of the data that you request we delete, we may require you provide two or more data points that match the information in our file.  Note that even if you request deletion, we may continue to retain and use information as may be authorized or necessary under California Law. While you have the right to request that we delete the personal information you provide to us and we will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights that you have, we may no longer be able to sell you any alcohol containing beverages in the future if you ask us to delete your information showing you are of legal age or are in a location where it is legal for us to sell to you, and you may need to make other arrangements to verify your age and location to facilitate transactions.
We will verify your identity for purposes of such a request to delete or a request to know.  If you have an account on the Site, we will verify your request for information through your account.  If you do not have an account, we will verify your request depending on the nature of the request.  If you request to know the categories of information, we will request that you provide two pieces of information that match our records, which may vary depending on the information we have on file.  If you request to know specific pieces of information, we will require additional verification to match three pieces of information on file, as well as a signed declaration. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make such a request or your behalf you may do so by providing us written and signed permission of such authorization, verify your identity with us as described above, and confirm that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request; or your agent must provide proof of a power of attorney.
In order to ensure protection of your information from fraudulent requests, we require you provide us with additional information to verify your identity should you wish to access or delete your data. For your protection, in the event the requisite verification is not satisfied, we may deny the request for access to your account data or to delete your account.
Protecting Your Information
We make every effort to ensure that any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall and is not accessible to the public in any way. Any sensitive information that we collect from you is encrypted and/or tokenized. We protect user data offline as well by restricting access to information to only those employees (for example, a Customer Care representative) who need the information to perform a specific job.  All employees are kept up to date on our security and privacy practices and are aware of the importance of keeping customer data secure and safe at all times. We also outsource certain of our data processing operations to third parties as discussed below, and we have agreements with those service providers that require them to maintain security over your information.
Although we use our best efforts to protect the security of your information and our system, and we have agreements in place with our processors requiring them to do the same, no transmission via the internet or storage of data can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of this and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit to or through our Site. Therefore, you assume that risk by using the Site.
If you have any questions about the security of our Site, please feel free to contact us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.
How We Share Your Information With Third Parties and Service Providers
We value your privacy, and we will never sell or rent any personal information to any Third Party for that Third Party’s marketing purposes
We work with Service Providers and Third Parties to assist us to fulfill our sales and services to you and to process your data, including eCellar and OpenEdge. We require all such Service Providers and Third Parties to keep any information they receive confidential, maintain the privacy of all our customers, and to use any information provided to only provide services on behalf of us and you. We have in the past and may continue to disclose for business purposes your personal information with these Third Parties as set forth in the table above.
eCellar: The Winery’s online ordering and customer service website is hosted by a third party e-commerce vendor, eCellar.  eCellar uses secure server technology for all transactions on the site. The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. In addition, all of your customer data is protected against unauthorized access.
OpenEdge: All customer payment card information resides in a secure online vault at a specialized payments processor, OpenEdge, and never resides on the winery’s server, or that of our e-commerce vendor. OpenEdge facilitates payment without ever releasing the actual card information to the winery or our e-commerce vendor.  OpenEdge is a PCI level 1 validated provider.  This is the highest level of security certification offered in the payment processing industry.
ShipCompliant: The Winery verifies the compliance with all applicable state laws governing the shipping of alcoholic beverages via a specialized online service, ShipCompliant. ShipCompliant uses secure server technology for all the Winery’s interactions on the site. The secure server software encrypts all information we input before it is sent to ShipCompliant. In addition, all of your customer data is protected against unauthorized access.
M7 Wine Solutions: The winery uses specialized fulfillment vendors to pick, pack and ship consumer wine orders. M7 is one of those vendors. M7 uses secure server technology for all the Winery’s interactions with their systems. The secure server software encrypts all information we input before it is sent to M7. In addition, all of your customer data is protected against unauthorized access.
VineVault: The winery uses specialized fulfillment vendors to pick, pack and ship consumer wine orders. VineVault is one of those vendors. VineVault uses secure server technology for all the Winery’s interactions with their systems. The secure server software encrypts all information we input before it is sent to VineVault. In addition, all of your customer data is protected against unauthorized access.
From time to time, we may also employ other companies and individuals to perform services, to maintain and operate the Site, and to maintain certain features on the Site. To such parties, we may disclose non-personal information such as traffic patterns and website usage data, but in no event will we disclose any personal information. Third parties may also acquire browsing data or other information about your activity on the Site through cookies, as discussed below.
We also may employ Service Providers and Third Parties to analyze our sales data for internal purposes, in which case we may disclose information to such parties such as the wines purchased, the location of shipment, and the frequency of purchases. We additionally may enlist a Service Provider or Third Party to assist with marketing and sending member e-mails, in which case we will provide these third party vendors only with member e-mail addresses. Again, we require all such Service Providers and Third Parties to keep any information they receive confidential, maintain the privacy of all our customers, and to use any information provided for services on our and your behalf.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items, and provide you with custom-tailored content. We also use cookies to remember some of the information you’ve given us so you don’t have to reenter it each time you visit the Site. By showing us how and when customers use the Site, cookies also help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Site are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.  You may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your browser’s security and privacy settings.  Refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about privacy and security settings that are available to you. The cookies that we use do not allow other parties to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different Web sites.  If you reject, block or delete cookies, you may not be able to use particular features of the Site or to take full advantage of features offered on the Site, and your ability to order wine on our Site may be impacted.
Do Not Track Signals
Some browsers have incorporated “do not track” features to enable users to make privacy and security choices. By using these settings, your browser may send a signal to our website not to collect tracking information. The Site does not track information from users through cookies if a “do not track” signal is received. Information tracked by the Site through cookies is discussed above.
Gift Recipients
If you send a gift from our Site, we will collect contact information, such as name, shipping address and phone number for gift recipients to ensure correct gift delivery.  If your gift purchase includes an alcohol containing beverage, we also need information to verify the legal age of the recipient. We provide gift recipients with the same privacy rights as our customers. Invited friends and gift recipients can opt-out of receiving any emails or newsletters by contacting us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.
Data of Minors
The Site is not directed at children and cannot be accessed by persons who do not verify that they are of legal drinking age. As a result, we will not knowingly collect information from minors of any age in the U.S., including those under 16, with or without consent from their parents or guardians.
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us.  If we learn that we collected the personal information of a minor, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.  If you believe we have inadvertently collected the personal information of your minor child, please contact us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.
Legal Disclaimers
In addition to the use of your personal information for our business purposes, and subject to our not otherwise sharing or selling your data to Third Parties except as set forth above, Peter Michael Winery reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as allowed or required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site.
This Site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this Site.
As set forth above, the Site is in, and this Privacy Policy is governed under the laws of California and the United States.  Residents of the European Union may have certain additional rights, including the ability to request corrections to your personal data, which we will recognize if you contact us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.
Privacy Policies Update
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.  We may periodically revise this privacy policy without notifying you of the changes, but will leave it up to you to check periodically if we make any material changes. It is up to you to consult this page to become aware of the changes.  However, if we have your email address, we will notify you in the event we make any changes that substantially affect your rights to your personal data, specifically, if we intend to change our policy that we do not sell your personal information to any Third Party.
If you have any questions about this policy, you can reach us at pm@petermchaelwinery.com.
Last updated March 2020