https://www.chashardern.co.uk/privacy-policy.htm
Privacy Policy - Chas Hardern
£50 off all full price bookings taken before 1.1.20.
MENU
MENU
HomepageOur BoatsView All BoatsGoldberryRadagastShadowfax & SnowmaneStriderThorinRoherynRoutesSee Our RoutesLlangollen CanalShropshire Union CanalFour Counties RingBridgewater Canal and the River WeaverCheshire RingPricesPrices 2020Prices 2021HolidayDog Friendly HolidaysAutumn and Winter BoatingNewsBookingHow to Book & FAQsOnline Booking FormPrint Booking FormBooking conditionsCustomer IntroductionTestimonialsGalleryContact usGet in touchPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is privacy notice of Chas Hardern Boat ltd
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website and our facebook page ‘Chas Hardern Boats’, including any data you may provide through this website when you book a holiday narrowboat or subscribe to our newsletter page.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller.
Lindsay Hardern is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as Chas Hardern Boats, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). Our contact details are Chas Hardern Boats ltd Beeston Castle Wharf, Tarporley , Cheshire, CW6 9NH .01829 732595, chasboats@aol.com  www.chashardern.co.uk  For all data matters contact Lindsay Hardern on 01829 732595
Third-party links outside of our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use and store  different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows
Identity Dataincludes first name/last name/ username/marital status/ title/date of birth/gender.
Contact Dataincludes billing address/delivery address/email address/ telephone numbers.
[We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.]
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you contact us.
Fill in a booking form on our website
Subscribe to our service or publications;
Request marketing to be sent to you.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances
Performance of Contract thismeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interestthis means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us on 01829 732595.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationthis means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
[Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us via email to Lindsay Hardern on Chasboats@aol.com or 01829 732595.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact Lindsay Hardern 01829 732595 if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity(b) Contact
c) to send you updates & offers.
Performance of a contract with you
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us [or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion] and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We do not share your details with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us  to stop sending you marketing messages at any time  by contacting Chasboats@aol.com.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of [a product/service purchase, product OR service experience or other transactions].]
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact Lindsay at chasboats@aol.com
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
External Third Parties Service
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based  who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have  to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data for six years after they cease being customers for tax]purposes.]
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your legal rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact Lindsay on chasboats@aol.com
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to this notice and your duty to inform us of changes
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
Queries, requests or concerns
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance contact  Lindsay Hardern on chasboats@aol.com
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Coronavirus
29th September 2020
If due to government legislation our boatyard is closed and we cannot provide your boat (that reason only) a full refund is available.
For all other
covid related legislation please make sure you have taken out a Holiday Cancellation policy that will provide cover .
There are now a number of companies online offering this alongside your normal cancellation cover.
If due to the government restrictions closing our boatyard (and only that) you cannot take your holiday you can defer until later in 2020 or 2021. A refund is available if you cannot take a different date. We will have enhanced cleaning and handover practices in places according to government advice.
We are of course always available by email or phone to discuss your holiday.
If you have booked a holiday with us please ensure that on the day of your arrival  none of your crew have shown any signs of covid 19 and that your party comply with the government restrictions applicable on your start date, these may have changed from  the date on which you booked your holiday .’ Details available on www.gov.uk
For information regarding Coronavirus and boating please click here
Contact Chas Hardern Tel: 01829 732595
E-mail: chasboats@aol.com
Late Booking Offers
We hope all our friends and customers around the world are managing to keep safe and well in these difficult times.
Best Wishes Chas, Lindsay and George.
Bookings now being taken for your Spring and Summer holiday. 30% off 2nd week from October to May 18th
Please contact us for availability during the 'Off Season' months.
Late availability Strider 6 berth 65ft on Friday 9th of October .
Was £990. Now £650. Contact Lindsay on
chasboats@aol.com for details.
Find Us on FacebookDiscounts & Reductions Only one discount is valid per booking and on full price weeks only.
More than one week?
There is a price reduction of 15% for a second and third consecutive weeks.
Discounts for lower occupancy
Are available on all boats (excluding Thorin) when not fully occupied. This applies to full weeks only.
1) £25.00 p/w when 1 person less on board
2) £50.00 p/w when 2 less people on board
Need to Know
No charge for pets
No charge for parking
Cancellation Insurance is optional
Returnable damage deposit (minus cost of breakages or damage to the boat or its equipment)
Fuel is charged for at the end of your holiday.
CHAS. HARDERN BOATS • BEESTON CASTLE WHARF • BEESTON • TARPORLEY • CHESHIRE • CW6 9NH
MENU
HomepageOur BoatsView All BoatsGoldberryRadagastShadowfax & SnowmaneStriderThorinRoherynRoutesSee Our RoutesLlangollen CanalShropshire Union CanalFour Counties RingBridgewater Canal and the River WeaverCheshire RingPricesPrices 2020Prices 2021HolidayDog Friendly HolidaysAutumn and Winter BoatingNewsBookingHow to Book & FAQsOnline Booking FormPrint Booking FormBooking conditionsCustomer IntroductionTestimonialsGalleryContact usGet in touchPrivacy Policy