https://www.lawmanbadge.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information includes your name, address, phone number, e-mail address or any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you individually. Lawman Badge Company collects personally identifiable information from website visitors only when it is voluntarily provided. Lawman Badge Company will not otherwise collect this information from you on our Web site.
At those portions of our website where we provide you with the option to input personally identifiable information, we notify you of the uses we intend to make of that information in any given instance. When Lawman Badge Company receives personally identifiable information, we may use it for reasonable business purposes, just as non-Internet businesses do. For example, we may use this information to contact you, via e-mail or regular mail, to provide you with information we believe may be of interest. It might also be used for compiling data and analyses to understand and serve our customers' needs. Data is also compiled to evaluate the use and utility of the services we provide on-line. Your information may be transferred for processing and use to Lawman Badge Company facilities in other countries and regions of the world. Personally identifiable information will not be sold, rented or exchanged outside of Lawman Badge Company unless the user is first notified and expressly consents to such transfer.
Collective/Aggregate Data
Some Lawman Badge Company websites may also collect information from you that is not personally identifiable. For example, we might track information about the date and time visitors access our site, the type of web browser they used, and the website from which they connected to our site. Our websites collect this information by depositing certain bits of information called "cookies" in a visitor's computer. This technology does not collect an individual visitor's personally identifiable information. Rather, this information is collected in an aggregate form. The cookies can tell us how and when pages in a website were visited and by how many people. This aggregate information will enable us to improve our websites to serve and inform you better. It also may allow you to shortcut access to points of interest on our website when you reenter our system. Attaching this device to your system has no effect on how it performs.
Links To Other Sites
As a resource to our visitors, Lawman Badge Company may provide links to other Web sites. We try to carefully choose websites, which we believe are useful and meet our high standards for the accuracy and utility of information. However, because website design and content can change so quickly, we cannot guarantee the standards of every website to which we link. Likewise, we are not responsible for the content of any non-Lawman Badge Company site. We also cannot guarantee the privacy policies of these other sites and suggest you check the privacy policies of those sites directly.
Choice
If you wish to stop receiving any e-mails or other consumer communications from Lawman Badge Company which may be sent to you in the future based on your request for this information, or if you have submitted personally identifiable information through a Lawman Badge Company website and would like to have that information deleted from our records, please notify us via email. Your wishes in these matters will be honored.
Accuracy
Lawman Badge Company will make every effort to maintain the accuracy and confidentiality of any personal information you supply to us. If you wish to make additions or other corrections to the information that you have sent in, please transmit it to us via email.
Security
All information transmitted to this Lawman Badge Company website is secure to the extent possible using existing technology. Unauthorized third parties should not be able to access it during transmission. We will store the information that you share with us securely and will take appropriate steps to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. While no security steps can offer 100 percent protection, we utilize state-of-the-art technology and systems to prevent unauthorized access to the information we hold. We will limit access to this information to those Lawman Badge Company personnel with a need to know. We educate our staff about their duty to protect your privacy, and provide training regarding the policy described herein.
Children
Lawman Badge Company does not intentionally collect or retain personally identifiable information about children who are younger than 13 years of age. If your child may have submitted information to us without indicating their actual age, and you would like it removed, please advise us via email, and we will delete it immediately.
Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated promptly at this location. Please check the privacy page periodically to review any changes that may have been made.
Thank you for visiting the Lawman Badge Company website. We value your interest and ideas. If you have any comments or concerns regarding the use of information provided to Lawman Badge Company via an Internet site, please notify us via email.
There are no products listed under this category.
×