http://www.holden.co.nz/privacypolicy
privacy policy
Skip to Main Content
OWNERS
DISCOVER HOLDEN
SEARCH
More
OWNERS
DISCOVER HOLDEN
SEARCH
Back to More
Privacy Policy
Holden New Zealand Limited (Holden) strives to ensure compliance with the Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1993.
Holden respects the rights of individuals to determine to whom they give their personal information and how this information is used. Holden collects and uses your information in order to provide better customer service by striving to meet your needs and expectations about our cars and other products. We will not sell your information to any other organisation.
We will be fair and open about the way we collect information about you and what we intend to do with the information. We share information about you with our affiliated companies and related companies, like General Motors and contracted service providers, as well as Dealers to assist them to improve the quality and standard of service they provide to you. We also provide information to industry bodies and others for the purposes of audits of our records. Our Dealers, affiliated companies and related companies share information with us about you so that we can learn more about your expectations of us and how we can meet them. Where practicable, we will collect personal information directly from you. If we receive information about you from someone else or provide information to someone else about you, like our Dealers or contractors providing services to us, wherever possible we will make sure they comply with the Privacy Act.
We will be open with you about the kinds of personal information we hold and what we do with it. We will strive to ensure that information about you is accurate when we collect or use it. Wherever possible and appropriate we will let you see the information we hold about you and correct it if it is wrong. If we do not grant you access to your personal information we will tell you why.
We take reasonable measures to ensure the security of your personal information that is held by us from such risks as loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Only properly authorised people are permitted to see or use it. If it is necessary for the information to be given to a person in connection with the provision of a service to us, we will do everything reasonably within our power to prevent unauthorised use or unauthorised disclosure of the information. We will take steps to protect your privacy if we send personal information about you outside New Zealand.
When we no longer use your information we will take care to properly de-identify it or destroy it.
If you are unhappy with the way we have collected, used or shared your information we will investigate and respond to your complaint. Please contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 465336 or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com.
FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT HOLDEN'S USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION GENERALLY
(a) Holden's use and disclosure of personal information
Warranty
As part of the purchase of your new Holden vehicle, you usually obtain Holden's new vehicle warranty. Holden collects personal information from your Holden Dealer when you purchase your new vehicle so that Holden can ensure that any warranty claim is properly administered.If you withdraw your consent to Holden collecting your personal information from your Dealer for this purpose, this will affect Holden's ability to process your warranty claims.
Product Recalls
Holden collects personal information from your Holden Dealer when you purchase your new vehicle so that Holden can ensure that you are contacted as soon as possible in the event of a safety related product recall.
Holden Roadside Assistance
Holden engages contractors to provide Holden Roadside Assistance. Holden's agreements with these contractors require them to deal with your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act. More information about Holden Roadside Assistance can be found here. If you withdraw your consent to Holden disclosing your personal information to these contractors, this will affect Holden's ability to deliver these services to you.
Customer and Product Surveys
From time to time Holden surveys its customers regarding their satisfaction with Holden's products and services and the products and services provided by its Dealers and contracted services providers, such as Roadside Assistance.
If you do not wish to participate in any survey received from Holden, please contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com. Holden will note your request and respect your wish not to receive any future surveys.
If you choose not to participate in surveys conducted by Holden, Holden is less able to improve its products and services and the products and services provided by its Dealers and contracted service providers.
Direct Marketing
From time to time Holden sends marketing materials to its customers and other people who have provided Holden with personal information about products and services offered by Holden, its Dealers and its affiliates and who have authorised Holden to contact them for this purpose.
If you do not wish to receive marketing materials from Holden or its affiliates, please either activate the unsubscribe facility that accompanies any electronic message we send you or contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com. Holden will note your request and respect your wish not to receive any marketing materials. If you choose not to receive any marketing materials from Holden, you may miss out on special product and service offerings and opportunities.
Event Data Recorders
Holden vehicles, like other modern motor vehicles, have a number of sophisticated computer systems that monitor and control several aspects of the vehicle's performance. Holden vehicles use on-board vehicle computers to monitor emission control components to optimize fuel economy, to monitor conditions for air bag deployment and, if so equipped, to provide anti-lock braking and to help the driver control the vehicle in difficult driving situations. Some information may be stored during regular operations to facilitate repair of detected malfunctions; other information is stored only in certain collision events by computer systems, such as those commonly called event data recorders (EDR). The information from EDR's, if available, is used to improve customer and driver safety, better understand what happens to our vehicles in the event of a collision and shall be provided to the police on request.
Recruitment
If you send Holden an application for a job or resume, Holden will use this information to assess your application and may disclose this information to its related companies (both in New Zealand and overseas) and contracted service providers for purposes such as aptitude, psychological and medical testing and human resources management activities. As part of the application process you will be asked for your specific consent for Holden to obtain information about your pre-employment medical examination (including drug and alcohol testing) and psychological and aptitude testing and the use and disclosure of the results of those tests. We may also collect your personal information from third parties (such as your referees).
A refusal to provide any of this information, or to consent to its disclosure to Holden or to allow Holden to provide this information to the parties described above, may affect the success of your application.
Holden may also ask you whether you agree to your personal information being provided to Holden's related companies and affiliates overseas for other positions relevant to your qualifications and experience that may arise. For example, HOLDEN's operations in:
Australia and New Zealand
Asia Pacific
Latin America and Middle East
North America
Europe
If you wish to obtain access to the personal information which Holden holds about you, please contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com.
We may use and disclose your information for other purposes where these are in compliance with the Privacy Act 1993.
(b) What Information Holden Collects
The main ways in which Holden collects personal information from you is from information you provide to our Dealers (who then provide that information to us) and contractors, market surveys, product focus groups, the Websites operated by Holden, Holden's customer assistance service (via mail, email, telephone enquiries and EOR's) as well as information you provide to us during the recruitment process.
The personal information collected by Holden is likely to include a range of information including, but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, driver's license, date of birth, your vehicle's vehicle identification number, colour, features, make and model, place registered, registration date, registration number, engine size and transmission type, driver information (brake pedal position, accelerator position, speed, seat belt usage and airbag deployment), change of address and telephone information, and any other information you may voluntarily provide to us (including in relation to the recruitment process).
(c) Complaints Handling & Contact Details
If you have a complaint regarding Holden's management of your personal information or wish to correct any errors in the personal information Holden holds about you, please contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com.
Holden will provide written acknowledgement of your complaint within 7 days of receipt. If you require that your request to be treated as urgent, please give us your reasons. We will investigate and advise you of the steps we have taken to resolve your complaint.
Holden will make any corrections requested to your personal information it holds within 20 working days of receipt of your request. If Holden does not agree to your request for correction, it will notify you of the reasons it does not agree and will note your request on the records it holds about you. We will also give you information concerning your right, by way of complaint to the Commissioner, to seek an investigation and review of the refusal.
Holden relies on the accuracy of personal information as provided to it directly or indirectly. We encourage you to contact us if the personal information we hold about you is incorrect by contacting Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com.
(d) Access
If you wish to obtain access to your personal information held by Holden, please contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com.
Holden will provide written acknowledgement of receiving your request for access within 7 days of receipt. Unless it does not agree to your request for access of personal information, in most cases Holden will provide you with access within 20 working days of receipt of your request. If you require that your request to be treated as urgent, please give us your reasons. If you request corrections to your personal information, if Holden does not agree to your request for correction, it will notify you of the reasons it does not agree and will note your request on the records it holds about you. We will also give you information concerning your right, by way of complaint to the Commissioner, to seek an investigation and review of the refusal. If Holden agrees with your request these changes will be made as soon as practicable.
Where Holden is not willing to correct your personal information it will, if so requested by you, take such steps (if any) as are reasonable in the circumstances to attach to the information, in such a manner that it will always be read with the information, any statement provided by you of the correction sought.
(e) Transfers Inside and Outside New Zealand
Holden will take reasonable steps to ensure that contractors, affiliated companies and related companies to whom we disclose personal information are bound to protect the privacy of that personal information. You can contact these third parties directly to request access to the personal information they hold about you. Please note that some of the persons to whom we disclose personal information may be situated outside New Zealand.
(f) Information Storage & Security
Holden stores personal information in transmission logs and archive systems for a period Holden considers reasonable depending on the primary purpose for which that information was collected. Only personnel who have a need to access personal information to perform their job will have access to that information. Holden takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is protected by such security safeguards as is reasonable in the circumstances against loss, and access, use, modification, or disclosure, except with Holden's authority, and any other misuse.
(g) Destruction and de-identification
Personal information will be de-identified or destroyed when it is no longer required. The de-identification process will be carried out in such a way to ensure that the personal information cannot be re-identified at a later date.
(h) Training of staff
Holden will ensure that its employees receive training (and refresher training) about the management of personal information relevant to their respective roles and responsibilities. Only properly authorised people are permitted to see or use personal information held by Holden.
FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT Holden's PRIVACY POLICY AND USE OF ITS WEBSITES
1. PRIVACY AND USE OF WEBSITE
Holden has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. This privacy statement should be read in conjunction with our Privacy Policy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Holden's websites, and answers the following questions:
(a) What kind of information does Holden collect? (b) Do I have to provide personal information? (c) How is my personal information used? (d) What if I'm under 18 years of age? (e) How can I correct and update my personal information, member preferences, or unsubscribe/remove data from Holden's database? (f) Who can I ask if I have any additional questions?
(a) What kind of information does Holden collect?
When you look at any of Holden's Websites, our internet service provider logs the following information for statistical purposes:
your server address
your top level domain name (e.g. .com, .org, .net, .au, etc.)
the date and time of your visit
the type of browser you are using
the previous site you have visited
the pages you accessed and the documents you downloaded
PLEASE NOTE: Holden does not provide facilities for the safe transmission of information across the Internet. You should be aware that there are inherent risks in transmitting information across the Internet.
(b) Do I have to provide personal information?
No. You can visit Holden's Websites as a guest while remaining anonymous by not providing any personal information to us. Although, without this information, you will not be able to fully access all of the features and functionality of the site. However, our servers automatically collect some limited information about your visit that is not personally identifiable to you (see question (a)).
Holden sometimes uses "cookies" to track and record your preferences and activity on our Website. Cookies are small bits of data that are sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Your cookie may be set at various times during your interaction with our Website. It is updated from time to time as you access the many different portions of our Website. Each time you access our site, our server may deliver certain customised information to you based on the data stored in your cookie. Wherever Holden collects personal information, we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
(c) How is my personal information used?
Holden's goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a customised experience on our Website. Our site uses various forms for gathering information when applicable. Registration, survey and competition forms all, to some extent, require input of personal information. These forms require users to give us contact information (like name and email address), demographic information (like post code, age, or income level), and other applicable information. This information is used to send out prizes to contest winners, to contact the visitor when necessary, to send out information about Holden or its products or Websites that may be of interest to you, and to respond to your queries.
We may also use the information to estimate the size of our audience and measure certain traffic patterns, to track the progress and number of entries in our promotions and contests, to track visits to linked sites, to notify our visitors about updates to our Website, and to contact you for marketing purposes and provide you with information regarding special events sponsored by Holden.
If you ever receive a type of communication that you would not like to receive, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such communication (usually at the bottom of the page).Holden does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information with others.
(d) What if I'm under 18?
If you are under 18 years of age, you need to let your parent or guardian know about Holden's Privacy Policy and get their permission before giving us any of your personal information. You must get your parent or guardian's permission before using any message board or chat feature on Holden's Websites.
DO NOT post your real name on this or any Website, and never tell anyone online anything private about yourself.
If you win a contest that has a prize, your parent or guardian will have to mail us a signed note to the address listed in the rules for the contest that says it was OK for you to enter, and tells us they will accept the relevant terms and conditions and the prize for you.
Some areas of Holden's Website may have special rules for children under the age of 18. When you are in those areas, you must follow those rules.
FOR PARENTS:
Parents or guardians are encouraged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on Holden's Websites (and the Internet in general). Parents should regularly oversee their children's usage of email and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools are available for online services and there are software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for children.
If your child has provided us with personally identifiable information you should contact us immediately by sending an email to holdencustomercare@gm.com advising us of the Holden Website your child has visited and the information you wish to have deleted. We will make all reasonable efforts to delete your child's information from our records.
(e) How can I correct and update my personal information, member preferences, or unsubscribe/remove data from Holden's database?
In some cases, our Websites provide users the opportunity to change and modify information previously provided as well as opting-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. If you wish to correct any errors in the personal information Holden holds about you, please contact Holden's Customer Assistance on 0800 Holden or email us at holdencustomercare@gm.com.
(f) Further questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of any of Holden's Websites, or your dealings with any of Holden's Websites, you can contact us on: holdencustomercare@gm.com or 0800 Holden. Holden's head office is located at 2/118 Savill Drive Mangere East 2024 MANUKAU.
|