https://www.chandon.com/en-US/2020-privacy-policy.html
My Account
0
0
Back
Close
Shop
Featured
Wines
Sparkling
Still
All Wines
Gifts
Club Membership
Club Chandon
About
Benefits
Partner Perks
Member Events
Login
Join
Savour
Recipes & Pairings
Cocktails
Something To Sip On
Visit Us
Experiences
Location & Hours
Club Members
Events
Social & Corporate
Weddings
Venues
Winery Events
Our Collections
étoile
Signature
Winery Exclusive
Still Wines
My Account
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 15, 2018; Last Date Updated: June 26, 2020
Chandon Privacy Policy
Applicability
This Policy describes our information collection and use practices. This Policy does not apply to our practices on sites where it does not appear, including sites of our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliate companies where it is not posted. To review our policy on the collection of employment-related personal information, click here
Information We Collect
We collect information from and about you as described in the following categories:
Contact information. We collect information such as your name and address. This may also include your phone number and email address.
Payment information. We may collect your billing address and payment method information.
Feedback information. This includes any information you voluntarily share with us about your experience with our products or services.
Demographic information. We may collect information like your gender, age, or birthdate. We may also collect your zip code and location.
Employer information. We may collect the name of your employer and job title. We may also collect your work email and work phone number.
Site Usage information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We may collect information about how long you stay on the site and the content you view. We may collect IP addresses. We may also collect device identifiers. This might include your operating system..
Business Purposes for Collecting Information
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use information to communicate with you.We use information to contact you about this Policy or our Terms. We also use information to respond to your questions or comments.
We use information so you can purchase our products and use our services. We use information to process orders. We use information to process your registration with our site and to let you participate in site features. For example, if you make a reservation to visit the winery or schedule an event.
We use information to improve our products and website. We use information to make our website and products better. We may also use information to customize your experience with us. For example, this may include saving your preferences or settings.
We use information for marketing purposes.We use information to send information about new products and special offers or promotions. For example, we might let you know about special events. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. These might be our own offers or products, or offers or products from our portfolio of brands that we think you might find interesting. We may use information to administer the Wine Club, or run a sweepstakes or contest. We may deliver this information to you through various channels, such as email or on social media platforms.
We use information to protect our company and constituents. We use information to protect our company and customers. We use this same information to identify fraud and secure our websites and systems. We use all information for other purposes as permitted by law.
Methods of Collecting Information
We collect information in a variety of ways.
We collect information directly from you. We collect information when you place an order or register with us. We collect information if you become a member of our Wine Club or enter a promotion or contest. We also collect information if you reach out to us through our sites or sign up for our emails. Information may be collected from you through a questionnaire or survey. We may collect information online, in-person, or at an event.
We collect information passively.We use tracking tools like browser cookies, pixels, and web beacons to collect site information. We do this on our websites and in emails that we send to you. We collect this information about users over time when you use our website. We may have third parties collect information this way.
We get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners or vendors may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us this information.
We Combine Information
We combine information. We may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. We combine information across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. We may also combine information we get from a third party with information we already have.
We Share Information With Others
We share information within the Moet Hennessy family of companies. We share information with our parents, affiliates and subsidiaries. These related entities include set forth at www.lvmh.com/houses/wines-spirits. This includes future related companies.
We share information with vendors who perform services on our behalf. We may share information with companies who serve as our vendors. These vendors may help us develop our website or deliver products and services to you. For example, they may help us run events or our Wine Club.
We share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves.
We share information we collect about you to respond to a court order or subpoena. We share information in response to a government agency or investigatory body request. We share information we collect when we investigate potential fraud.
We may share all information with any successor to all or part of our business.
If all or part of our business was sold, we may share your information as part of that transaction. If there is a merger or acquisition, we may also share your information. If there is a financing or bankruptcy, we may share your information.
If you participate in a drawing or post a comment in any public areas of our website, you should be aware that the information you provide there (i.e. your name and comment) may be made broadly available to others, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes neither we nor you have control over. We are not responsible for the personal information or any other information you choose to submit in these forums.
We share information as permitted by law and for other reasons we may describe to you.
Links to Third Party Sites
We may link to third-party sites or apps. For example, Tock. Our sites may also include third party content that collects information. We do not control these third parties. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these third party websites or apps. Please read the privacy policies of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for the practices of these third-party sites or apps.
Your Choices and Rights
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
You can opt out of certain marketing. To stop receiving our promotional emails follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. If you opt out of getting marketing messages, you will continue to receive messages from us about your relationship with us where permitted by law.
You can control cookies and tracking tools.
To learn how to manage how we - and our vendors - use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here. You can also configure your cookie settings through the link available in the footer of our website.
Rights.
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights related to the information we collect about you. You can send us a request at 1-888-242-6366, option 4, or privacy-us@chandon.com. We may need more information from you to process your request and to verify your identity. Certain exceptions may apply to your request or you may not be eligible.
Sales of information. Under California law we are required to tell California residents if we “sell” information as that term is defined by applicable law. Sell means to share personal information with a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. California residents, we do not do this based on our understanding of that term.
These Sites and Apps are Not Intended For Children
Our sites and apps are meant for adults who are at least 21 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can write to us or email us at the addresses provided at the end of this policy. Please mark your inquiries “Parental Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.
We Use Standard Security Measures
We use standard security measures as required by relevant law. The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
Transfers of Information
Information we collect may be stored both inside and outside the United States. If you live outside of the United States and choose to use this site you understand that it is at your own risk. You also understand that your information will be sent to the United States. The United States may not afford the same level of protection as laws in your own country. We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our data practices, please email us at Privacy-us@chandon.com or call us at 1-888-242-6366, option 4. You can also write to us at: 1 California Drive, Yountville, CA 94599.
Updates
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
×
Close
THANK YOU!
Get ready for the latest Chandon news, upcoming events, product releases, special offers and more.
Your promo code for 15% off your first order is
×
"Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?"
Shopping Assistant
×
Home
How can we help you?
Winery Information
Wine Club
Shop
Winery Information
Winery Hours
Directions
Experiences
Private Events
Covid19 Safety
Shop
Order Status
Product Information:
Still
Sparkling
All Wines
Return Policy