http://www.brew-monkey.com/privacy.php
Don't Spank Your Brew Monkey
Brew-Monkey
The Web
Welcome to Brew-Monkey.com. This site has been put together out of my desire to promote the art, science, and joy of brewing and drinking beer. I hope that you will poke around, make yourself at home and contribute your own ideas, comments, articles and whatnots. My wish is for this to be a cool place to hang out and talk about a common interest... beer. If you like what you see or want to see something added, please let me know. Feel free to Contact Us.
Important
The information contained on Brew-Monkey.com is meant for those of legal drinking age in their respective place of residence. Please consume responsibly. Brew-Monkey.com, its owners and affiliations assume no responsiblity and are not to be held liable for misuse or illegal use of the information provided.
Privacy Policy
Brew-Monkey.com will not sell, lend, or otherwise distribute member's personal data. If you choose to post your personal information, that is your business, and we can not be held responsible for anything resulting from these actions. We shall however make user data available to authorities to comply with legal process, to protect against the unauthorized use or misuse of the content of brew-monkey.com, or to protect the safety of the users or others.
Cookies
Brew-Monkey.com uses cookies for saving pieces of information to ease logging in to the forums. Should you not wish to use cookies, they can be disabled in your browser settings.
Security
Reasonable measures have been taken to ensure the security of the data contained on Brew-Monkey.com. We are not responsible for breaches of security.
Links
There may be links on Brew-Monkey.com that lead to sites not included in the Brew-Monkey.com domain. These sites may not have the same privacy or security policies. Therefore, Brew-Monkey.com's policies only pertain to the pages within the Brew-Monkey.com domain.
All trade names and trademarks are property of their respective owners.
The views and opinions expressed here in are those of the individual contributors, not necessarily those of brew-monkey.com.
Brew-monkey.com shall not be liable for errors and/or omissions.
Brew-monkey.com reserves the right to use or not use all submitted materials as we see fit. All content and articles copyright brew-monkey.com. Submissions also remain as intellectual property of the author(s). Brew-Monkey.com is owned by Chris Love.
All content © 2003-2008 Brew-Monkey.com. No matter contained herein may be copied or reproduced, in any format, without obtaining prior written permission from the owner of Brew-Monkey.com.
Copyright © 2003-2012 Brew-Monkey.Com
Privacy Policy
Contact Us