http://www.cfhi.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Learn more about CFHI’s Response to COVID-19 Pandemic
All Programs
Impacts
Donate
Learn About CFHI
Do we have a program for you?Residents / Post-GraduatesMedical Students - 1st/2nd yearMedical Students - 3rd/4th+ yearPre-Medical/Pre-Health StudentsPublic Health StudentsNursing StudentsAllied Health StudentsMaster’s StudentsUndergraduate StudentsFaculty/Advisors
Privacy Policy
Updated May 24, 2018
We care about the privacy of your data and are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and why, what we do with that information, and how we handle that information. We’ll also explain what choices you have with respect to the information. Please read this policy to understand how we will treat the personal information that you give to us. Our privacy procedures include the following:
We disclose our privacy policies and procedures in this document.
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. For our policy on and relationship with third party vendors, please see Forms and Purchases below.  CFHI shares aggregate information about web users and web usage with CFHI contractors who help us shape web content to user interests and otherwise improve our website.  CFHI does not make our email list available to third parties.
We allow all users to opt out at any time from receiving e-mail messages and other electronic communications from CFHI.
We allow users to access their personal profiles and change information as they deem necessary.
Since this policy may change over time as we modify or expand our service, we suggest that you check back from time to time in order to understand how we treat your information.
We respect your right to privacy.  The privacy policy below describes the measures taken by us to protect your privacy in connection with your use of our site.
You can visit most portions of cfhi.org without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a normal web site visit is the name of your internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the web site that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time you request them. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the CFHI site to our visitors.
What personally identifiable information do we collect, and when do we collect it?
Registration:
When you register to participate in a CFHI program or sign up to recieve CFHI e-newsletters, we ask for your email address and current contact information. Once you are a registered user you can update your profile. In some cases you will have direct access to updating information, and in other cases you will need to contact us to do so.
Forms and Purchases, and Donations:
We may collect your contact information if you choose to share it (e.g., your email address, mailing address and telephone number).  We use third parties to accept and process credit card payments for payments and donations made on our Site.
Security measures
Program Fees
When you pay a program fee through our website, the transaction is processed though a third party credit card payment processor.  We currently use TransFirst, Inc, a leading company in credit card processing.  Credit card information is not entered or stored in the CFHI website but through SSL inscription links entered directly to the credit card processor.
Donations
When you make a donation through the CFHI website, the transaction is processed through a third party credit card payment processor.  We currently use Network for Good, a leading company in online donations. Credit card information is not entered into or stored in the CFHI website but through SSL inscription links entered directly to the credit card processor.
IP Address
An Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We will use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address also may be used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites.  We use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide.  If you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services.  These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information.  Additionally be aware that if you visit other sites, even links from cfhi.org, you may be required to accept cookies.  We do not control the use of cookies on any other site and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
How do we use your personally identifiable information?
Customized experience:
We gather personally identifiable information to provide you with a customized experience. CFHI and its international partners use your personal information to maintain consistent contact with you, provide you with necessary program information and design your rotation to match your interests.
Email:
If you register with our Site, from time to time we may send you e-mail messages informing you of special events or services. Our newsletters may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the newsletters whether this email was opened and/or what links (If any) were clicked. Included in these emails will be an option to allow you to opt out and thus be removed from the email list.
Who do we share your personally identifiable information with?
Donors:  Our donor database is provided by eTapestry.  eTapestry has access to donor information only for the purposes of maintaining the integrity and security of that database.  Donor information is only used by CFHI.  We do not share this personally identifiable donor information with others.
Program Participants: Our international partners have access to all program participants, their responses to the application questions (and language tests if applicable).  This allows them to most appropriately prepare for each month’s group of students
Also, we send emails to groups of program participants when all participants have paid in full. This information includes name, email address, school and year in school.  This allows participants to know who will be in their group.
We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties (aside from entities that perform services for us, such as credit card payments, that either are bound to comply with our privacy policy or have privacy policies of their own that protect your information) unless you have opted in to such sharing.
However, we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process served on us; (2) protect or defend our right or property; or (3) act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety.
We may gather demographic information from you from time to time.  We will not share this information with any other person or entity in a manner that identifies you as an individual, unless we let you know at the time of collection or we have your permission.  When we share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.
What are your options to control the use of your personally identifiable information?
We DO have an option NOT to receive updates from CFHI communications. If you are enrolled or have chosen to “Join the List” you will receive any mass emails we send out, but will have the choice to opt out after the initial contact.
How can I update my profile?
You can help us maintain the accuracy of your profile by notifying us when you change your address, title, phone number or email address. If at any time you wish to update your information and you are a registered donor, student participant or partner, please log into your personal page and make any necessary changes. If you are not registered with us, please contact us in writing to be removed or have your information changed.
What About Kids’ Personally Identifiable Information?
Our site is not aimed at anyone under the age of 21.  We assume purchases through credit card means are purchased by adults.  We don’t track anyone who is not a registered CFHI participant, donor or partner.
What Else Should You Know about your privacy?
Security
In addition to the privacy measures stated here, the CFHI website as earned a secured seal from THAWTE, Inc.  A THAWTE  icon showing the valid certificate is visible to users of the CFHI website.  For security of transactions, please see Forms, Purchases, and Donations above.
Links to other sites
Our site has links to other internet sites not maintained by CFHI.  We do not control, operate, or endorse in any respect information, products, or services on such third-party sites and we are not responsible for their content.  Many third-party sites have their own privacy policies that may be different from ours.  This privacy policy only covers our site and does not cover any other site.  While we make every effort to keep your information secure, we do not control the policies of other sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may make changes to our privacy policy from time to time.  When we make changes, our home page will contain a statement that the policy has changed and the effective date of that change.
Contacting
We would like to receive your comments and questions about this privacy policy and any other matter you have regarding our site.  Please address comments to us via e-mail or postal mail.
You can contact us at info@cfhi.org or 415-957-9000.
You may contact us by mail at:
Privacy Policy Information
Child Family Health International
2369 Ocean Ave. Suite 200
San Francisco, CA  94127  USA
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
Your use of this site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy policy.  BY USING THIS SITE YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time by posting the changes on this page.  Please check the revision date below to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it.  Your continued use of any portion of our site following posting of the updated privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Effective Date
This privacy policy was last revised on May 24, 2018
Tweet
Apply Now   Learn More