https://www.vitalground.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Photo: Nancy Greenfield
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, payment details or credit card information. Once you provide personal information, you are not anonymous to The Vital Ground Foundation.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
The Vital Ground Foundation does not share your name and postal address with organizations that offer products or services that we believe might interest you.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), and we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Vital Ground Foundation
20 Fort Missoula Rd.
Missoula, Montana 59804
United States
info@vitalground.org
AboutThe GrizzlyProjectsPartnersNewsShopLegacy
× Close Panel