http://www.merrittboston.com/privacy-policy/
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At http://www.merrittboston.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by http://www.merrittboston.com and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at admin@merrittboston.com.
Log Files
http://www.merrittboston.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, http://www.merrittboston.com uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners include:
Google
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website. For easier access, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here:
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of http://www.merrittboston.com.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on http://www.merrittboston.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that http://www.merrittboston.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Part Privacy Policies
http://www.merrittboston.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
http://www.merrittboston.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in http://www.merrittboston.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Recent Posts
Tips for Proper Home Maintenance from a Professional Foundation Engineer
2 Types of Foundation
Be Safe in the Virtual World
Carpet Cleaning Tips and Tricks
Why Air Ducts Should Be Cleaned
Dog Grooming BlogpostsTips for Proper Home Maintenance from a Professional Foundation EngineerInspect your home’s foundation every now and then in order to keep it strong. As most homeowners know, home maintenance may be a costly and frustrating aspect of ownership. From small foundation cracks to unexpected water leaks, it is very important for us homeowners to be prepared and vigilant for any problems which may affect their home’s […]2 Types of FoundationThe basic thing you should know about foundation is that it carries the entire load of the structure. If you’re wondering how a skyscraper building is able to stand tall, it’s because of the strong foundation. Upon construction, the engineers have to design the foundation in such a way that the entire structure will be […]Be Safe in the Virtual WorldWe are always looking for something and when we don’t happen to find it, we get annoyed of frustrated. Well, that is a common reaction to mostly all of us when we don’t happen to find what we are looking for. If you are going to use the help that the world wide web is […]Carpet Cleaning Tips and TricksWhat must you do if something is dropped or spilled on your carpet? That’s always the carpet owner’s nightmare. Cleaning carpets can sometimes be a pain, but not if you know what you should do when these things happen.   The most common stains on the carpets usually come from wine, coffee, and food. But that isn’t just […]Why Air Ducts Should Be Cleaned  Air pollution indoors is starting to be noticed as a growing problem in homes nowadays. Also, a lot of companies have been marketing their products that would help the air quality inside a house. In connection to this, the air ducts that you have inside your house would greatly affect the air quality in your […] Categories
Carpet Cleaning
Cleaning
Foundation
Furniture
Recent Comments
Search for:
Archives
September 2019
March 2019
February 2019
July 2017