http://www.mercedes-benz.co.uk/passengercars/the-brand/wall-box-offer-terms.html
Close
Wall Box offer
Wall Box offer Terms and Conditions
Wall Box offer
Wall Box offer Terms and Conditions
Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited, retail and business solutions customers purchasing an eligible* new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle or EQ models(“new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car”), ordered and registered between 3rd September 2020 - 31st January 2021 inclusive, have the option to accept one of two possible charging offers; either
(1) Free of charge standard installation of a BP Chargemaster Wall Box, or (2) BP Chargemaster 2 year Polar Plus Membership.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Wall Box Offer (“Wall Box Included Offer”)
1. The Wall Box Included Offer, means that your BP Chargemaster Homecharge Unit and standard installation will be free of charge. This Offer is limited to Mercedes-Benz Passenger Cars UK Retail and business solutions customers, purchasing directly from Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited, on eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Cars ordered and registered between 3rd September 2020 - 31st January 2021 inclusive*, who meet all the eligibility criteria for the Office of Low Emission Vehicles (OLEV) Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS). For avoidance of doubt, this offer is not available to customers who purchase a new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car from a third party.
2. Chargemaster Limited (registered company number 06720009 referred to herein as “BP Chargemaster”) is Mercedes-Benz Cars UK’s appointed supplier and installer for Homecharge Units and installations are accredited by OLEV to access the EVHS funding. The £350 grant subsidises the cost of installing a residential electric vehicle Homecharge Unit (the “Wall Box”) for the owners/primary users of electric vehicles. The grant allows BP Chargemaster to deduct £350 from the overall cost and invoice Mercedes-Benz UK at the subsidised rate.
3. The Government reserves the right to terminate the grant at any time.
4. You confirm that you are the designated main user/owner of an eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car (ordered and registered between 3rd September 2020 - 31st January 2021 inclusive) as defined by OLEV as an eligible electric vehicle for an Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme grant (“EVHS Grant”) subsidised installation.
5. For this Wall Box included Offer to be valid, the wall box must be ordered from chargemaster via a participating Mercedes-Benz Retailer at the time of ordering your new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car. Please request the offer at the time of order and your preferred Mercedes-Benz Retailer will assist you in placing your order for the wall box with chargemaster.
6. You must be resident in mainland England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, Isle of Wight or Wales. You must confirm that the installation address specified on the application form is a residential address and that you either own the property or have the consent from the landlord for the wall box to be installed. You also confirm that there is a garage or other suitable private off street parking within your premises, compliant with the conditions set by OLEV, allowing you to charge your vehicle safely without creating a trip or other health and safety risk to yourself or any other party, with modern household electrics. Full eligibility criteria for the EVHS Grant administered by OLEV can be found here. Some of the criteria for qualification includes (without limitation) the following:
You must be able to provide evidence of keepership, lease and be named as the primary user of the eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car
The installation date for the Wall Box must not be more than 4 months before the date of delivery or start date of use of the eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car
You must be the person purchasing or financing (as applicable) the eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car
You must ensure that your utility supplier/provider is able to support installation and running of the Wall Box, prior to its installation.
Supply, installation and maintenance of the wall box will be subject to a separate contract between you and BP Chargemaster. For avoidance of doubt, neither Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited or our participating Retailers accept any responsibility in connection with that separate contract and any customer queries or claims must be directed to BP Chargemaster directly by you. You will need to liaise directly with BP Chargemaster in connection with survey and installation.
7. The Wall Box Included Offer applies only to the installation of a 7kw single phase communicating Wall Box, with standard domestic installation costs, based on the assumption that customers qualify for the full OLEV subsidy of £350 (including VAT). Standard installation costs include a cable run under 15 meters to be fixed flush to the wall (cable not trenched or hidden behind walls, through joists, under tiles/carpets/floorboards, aerial or subterranean runs), with the installation carried out by one person within 6 hours. The Wall Box Included Offer is made available on the assumption that the correct electrical connections and protections are available on the property, and that no civil works or electrical remedial works are required. Installation is carried out in accordance with BS7671 18th edition wiring regulations, IET Code of Practice for Electric Vehicle Charging Equipment Installation 2nd Edition.
8. If you are not eligible for standard installation, you may be liable for additional installation charges. Installation charges will be made for installations outside of the mainland UK. Further examples of additional charges include, but are not limited to:
Additional cable over 15 metres at £5.00 per metre;
RCBO Breaker - £50.00;
2-Way Consumer Unit - £50.00;
Mains Protective Bonding (incoming household services) - £10.00 (includes cost of 1st 3 metres - then £3.00 per metre thereafter)
(Prices correct at the time of publishing and are subject to change).
9. In order to proceed with a BP Chargemaster installation, you will be required to complete their standard home charge application process including giving acceptance to their standard terms and conditions here, their Privacy Notice here and to provide them with your marketing preferences. You also declare that you will not claim the VAT back on the installation of the Wall Box from HMRC.
10. DATA PROTECTION: In order to access the Wall Box Included Offer Mercedes-Benz may need to share your details with BP Chargemaster. The Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited’s privacy policy can be found here. To apply for a government EVHS grant on your behalf, BP Chargemaster must pass your details on to OLEV. Full details of BP Chargemaster’s privacy policy can be found here. You may be contacted in the future by BP Chargemaster, OLEV or their agents to conduct checks.
11. The usage of the equipment supplied is restricted to charging electric cars and BP Chargemaster may at its discretion, disable or remove the Wall Box in the event of any abuse or misuse of the equipment.
12. You agree to indemnify Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited, BP Chargemaster and the Installer against any claim (including consequential losses) arising from the use or misuse of the Wall Box.
13. Subject to conditions, your Wall Box is covered by a 36-month repair or replacement warranty (at BP Chargemaster’s discretion) with respect to faulty parts and/or installation arising from any act or omission of BP Chargemaster. This warranty period commences on the date of the original installation of the Wall Box. This warranty is subject to the conditions specified in section 8 of BP Chargemaster’s terms and conditions, which can be found here.
14. In the event that you breach these Terms and Conditions, BP Chargemaster may at its discretion remove the Wall Box or disable it.
15. Only two free Wall Box per household is permitted for this Wall Box Included Offer, in association with eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car purchases only.
16. If you are entitled to and exercise your right to cancel or withdraw from the order to purchase or finance (asapplicable) of your eligible new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car vehicle, you will no longer be entitled to receive the EVHS grant and Mercedes-Benz shall not meet the balance of the cost of the your Wall Box and standard installation. If your Wall Box has already been installed, we shall be entitled at our discretion to either remove it from your premises, disable the Wall Box or recover costs.
17. It is your responsibility to ensure all required third party permissions are sought in relation to the installation of the Wall Box at your address. BP Chargemaster may request proof of such consents prior to the installation of the Wall Box.
18. Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited will not be liable for any costs resulting from the use of the Wall Box, including but not limited to the maintenance and repair of the Wall Box and associated running costs.
19. By submitting the BP Chargemaster Homecharge application form and/or accepting a BP Chargemaster Homecharge installation, you confirm that you have read, agree with and comply with all the conditions placed on the EVHS as published from time to time by OLEV as well as these Terms and Conditions and BP Chargemaster’s terms and conditions, without exception.
20. Upon payment for the Installation of the Wall Box Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited shall be deemed to have fully discharged all of its obligations arising, pursuant to these Terms and Conditions, and customers are referred to BP Chargemaster for all matters relating to the Wall Box arising thereafter.
21. This Offer is provided by Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited.
22. The terms of the Offer may be amended and/or withdrawn by Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited, at any time, without prior notice.
23. There is no cash or credit alternative to the Offer and it is non-transferable and non-negotiable.
24. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and as determined by the courts of England and Wales.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the 2 Year Polar Plus Membership Offer
1. “Polar Plus” is a membership subscription service giving you access to the Polar Network of electric vehicle charging points provided by Chargemaster Limited (registered company number 06720009 referred to herein as “BP Chargemaster”) as described on their website (https://bpchargemaster.com/polar/) Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited , retail and business solutions customers purchasing an eligible* new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car ordered and registered between 3rd September 2020 - 31st January 2021 inclusive, are eligible to receive a 2 year Polar Plus membership free of charge, paid for by Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited.
2. The provision of the Polar Plus membership is governed by BP Chargemaster’s terms and conditions which can be found here.
3. The 2-year membership period will commence when you activate your Polar Plus Card, which must be within 4 months of delivery of the car, in accordance with Clause 6 of these Terms and Conditions. Upon expiry of the 2 year membership term, your Polar Plus membership will terminate automatically unless you renew it directly with BP Chargemaster at your own cost.
4. Only one free 2-year membership per household is included with this offer.
5. If you are entitled to and exercise your right to cancel or withdraw from the order to purchase or finance (as applicable) of your eligible* new Mercedes-Benz Passenger Car vehicle you will no longer be entitled to receive the free 2 year membership.
6. On receipt of your Polar Plus Card, you must activate it through the ‘Activate’ section on BP Chargemaster’s website (https://polarnetwork.com/activate) to ensure that your Polar Plus Card is recognised across the entire Polar Network.
7. To use the Polar Plus services, you must create a Polar Plus user account on the Polar Plus Website (https://polar-network.com) or Polar Plus App and in doing so accept their standard terms and conditions for membership to the Polar Network here, their Privacy Notice here and to provide them with your marketing preferences. You must have an internet-enabled, eligible mobile device which is connected to the internet and uses a software version that supports the Polar Plus App.
8. The performance and continuous availability of charging points on the Polar Network is not guaranteed.
9. The cost of electricity supplied to you through charging points on the Polar Network is available on the Polar Plus Website (https://polar-network.com) and in the Polar Plus App. In many cases, electricity is supplied at nil cost to you through the Polar Network. Please refer to the Live Map in the Polar Plus Website or Polar Plus App to check the tariffs for individual charging points.
10. Upon payment for the 2 Year Polar Plus Membership, Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited shall be deemed to have fully discharged all of its obligations arising pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and customers are referred to BP Chargemaster for all matters relating to the Polar Plus Membership arising thereafter.
11. This Offer is provided by Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited
12. The terms of this Offer may be amended and/or withdrawn by Mercedes-Benz Cars UK Limited, at any time, without prior notice.
13. There is no cash or credit alternative to the Offer and it is non-transferable and non-negotiable.
14. These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and as determined by the courts of England and Wales.
*Eligibility: Offer applies to Mercedes-Benz Retail customers and Business Solutions customers and is only applicable on qualifying Mercedes-Benz PHEV/EQC models. Please contact your local retailer for a full list of qualifying models.
Buy online
Buy online
Offers
Offers
Test Drive
Test Drive
Book Service
Book Service
Ebrochure
Ebrochure
Live Chat
Live Chat
Share video
Share image
Facebook
Pinterest
Google+
Twitter