https://www.woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your privacy
Woodland Survival Crafts adhere to strict guidelines and will not share, sell, trade, give or advise the statistics that we collect on our website to any third party.
The online data that we collect on the website is used solely for purposes of our own web metrics and traffic analysis by Woodland Survival Crafts in order to monitor and improve services to visitors.
Woodland Survival Crafts is committed to protecting your online experience. The following statement sets our privacy policy. For the purposes of this privacy statement “Woodland Survival Crafts” or “www.woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com” shall mean Woodland Survival Crafts and “visitor” or “user” shall mean you or another third party.
This policy may change from time to time so please re-read this policy periodically.
What is this Privacy Policy for?
This privacy policy is for this website www.woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com and served by Woodland Survival Crafts and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
The Website
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Contact & Communication
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the GDPR Act. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to.
This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
The information we collect
Woodland Survival Crafts collect information in a variety of ways.
All offline and online data we collect is stored on our secure cloud servers and/or secure cabinets in the office.
The information we gather is to improve visitor experience, or when you contact us we use that information to contact you so that we can provide home improvement services to you.
When someone decides to contact Woodland Survival Crafts website then we collect more specific information from them.
Stored information
If you use our online services, contact form to contact us, the information we store is on a secure database and used to identify you. Your details are kept securely and not shared or accessed by anyone else.
Required Information on our contact forms:
On our Contact Form:>
Name = Our form collects your name
Phone = Your Telephone, we may use this information to contact you back
Address = Your Address, we may use this information to contact you back
Email = Your email, we may use this to contact you back
Message = We require context to why you are contacting us, the enquiry or otherwise
Confirmation = We require that you authorise us, or opt-in, for us to contact you back and to store those details as long as is neccessary to provide our services to you, or until you request otherwise
On our booking forms
Name = Our form collects your name
Phone = Your Telephone, we may use this information to contact you back
Address = Your Address, we may use this information to contact you back
Email = Your email, we may use this to contact you back
Course = The course you require to book
Course Date = The date of your booking
Message/Special Requirements = You may provide additional requiements, IE Allegens, Dietry Requirements etc
Confirmation = We require that you authorise us, or opt-in, for us to contact you back and to store those details as long as is neccessary to provide our services to you, or until you request otherwise
Credit Card Information
We do not collect or store financial information on our website instead we use a thirdy party checkout which is PayPal.
Offline required information
Woodland Survival Crafts may occasionally collect data from its prospective course members via the printed versions of the online booking forms.
Applications
Applicants may be asked for proof of identity for security purposes, however this is usually when we hire members of staff. In order to carry out these checks will usually ask for some form of verified identities.
All offline and online data we collect is stored in secure cabinets in the office.
Typically, Woodland Survival Crafts collect:
First Name
Middle Name(s)
Surname
DOB
Present Address
E-Mail Address
Phone Numbers
Primary ID
C.V. – If the applicant is seeking employment with us
In addition to this Woodland Survival Crafts may ask for photographic proof to verify your identity for security checks.
This is usually in the form of:
A Passport
A Driving Licence
GDPR & The right to be forgotten
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) comes into force on 25th May.
This regulation gives many companies the opportunity to review the way they hold your data.
Here at Woodland Survival Crafts we collect data such as your name, addresses, email and phone numbers for the purposes of providing our services to you.
We have not and never will sell on data to any third parties.
The Right to ask for a copy of your data
You have the right to ask for a copy of your data.
In the first instance please email dave@woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com
There is no charge for this service and we have up to 30 days to respond to the data request.
We reserve the right to make a reasonable charge for additional copies of information that has already been supplied.
The Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request your data be removed from our database systems if you feel it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data.
Full details of this can be read in our GDPR Policy.
Please email dave@woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com with your request.
If you would like to discuss what data we hold and how we handle it please do get in touch either by email to dave@woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com or Phone +44 (0) 1530 411861.
If you would like to see/read the Woodland Survival Crafts GDPR policy please email dave@woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com or Phone +44 (0) 1530 411861.
Woodland Survival Crafts will store your details in order for you to gain access and use our online services.
You can choose to no-longer use our services at any time and Woodland Survival Crafts will completely remove and delete your login details, private folders and any refence to you in accordance with the GDPR laws May 2018. You can sign up again at any time.
More information on GDPR Laws in the UK: “https://www.gov.uk/government/consultations/general-data-protection-regulation-call-for-views
The information we do not collect
Woodland Survival Crafts has a clear policy in-place not to store data, documents or the scanned electronic versions for more than longer than is necessary to fulfill a client request after which time that data is destroyed securely.
Security
Woodland Survival Crafts take security and keeping your information very seriously.
SSL Certificate installed
When you visit this website (www.woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com) we make use of https protocol, meaning that we have a SSL certificate installed with 2048 bit encryption on our server to verify from a third-party that the website you are viewing is our website and has not been spoofed by another server.
When accessing our online services or contacting us
All text data entered into the database from the contact form is stripped of HTML and various illegal characters are removed in this process.
Field names in the database remain ambiguous.
The contact form information that you provide is automatically deleted after 60 days.
Parties to whom we disclose your information
The data Woodland Survival Crafts collect from visitors will not be transmitted to a third party. Meaning, that Woodland Survival Crafts will not, and do not, mine your data for marketing purposes, nor disclose the details of your traffic to a third party.
Woodland Survival Crafts may disclose Customer Information in special cases where Woodland Survival Crafts have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our terms and conditions of use or may be causing injury or interference with our rights, property, our customers or anyone who could be harmed by such activities. Woodland Survival Crafts may also disclose Customer Information when we believe, in good faith, that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes necessary to maintain services and improve our products and services.
Correct/update
The visitor remains responsible for providing accurate information. They can contact us to correct this at any time. Woodland Survival Crafts will not amend any details unless you give us express permission to do so.
Our website uses cookies
We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
For more information about our cookies you can see our seprate cookie policy here
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies.
A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
About our cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
The purpose of each cookie is explained below:
Cookie
Description
Duration
_wp_session
This is a session cookie to identify you as a user.
30 Mins
cookie_notice_accepted
We will use this persistent cookie to check if you have accepted cookies so that the cookie policy message can be negated. This cookie lasts until the end of the session or until such time as you delete the cookie in your browser.
30 days
TEST_COOKIE
We will use this persistent cookie to check if you have accepted cookies so that the cookie policy message can be negated. This cookie lasts until the end of the session or until such time as you delete the cookie in your browser.
Destroyed when the browser is closed (End of user session)
wordpress_test_cookie
We will use this persistent cookie to check if you have accepted cookies so that the cookie policy message can be negated. This cookie lasts until the end of the session or until such time as you delete the cookie in your browser.
PHP session (PHPSESSID) is destroyed when the browser is closed (End of user session)
wordpress_[serialised number]
We will use this session cookie to store information about your current session, which is stored on the server and is used to identify other information, like user_id/name(when signed in).
End of session
wordpress_logged_in_[unique_serialised_user_id]
We will use this session cookie to store information about your current session, which is stored on the server and is used to identify other information, like user_id/name (when signed in).
End of session
wordpress_logged_in_[unique_serialised_user_id]
We will use this session cookie to store information about your current session, which is stored on the server and is used to identify other information, like user_id/name (when signed in).
End of session
wp_woocommerce_session_[unique_serialised_user_id]
We will use this session cookie to store information about your current shopping session, which is stored on the server and is used to identify other information, like user_id/name (when signed in).
2 Days
woocommerce_cart_hash
We will use this session cookie to store information about your current cart session, which is stored on the server and is used to identify other information, like user_id/name (when signed in).
Until deleted
woocommerce_items_in_cart
We will use this session cookie to store information about your current cart session, particularly any items in your shopping basket, which is stored on the server and is used to identify other information, like user_id/name (when signed in).
Until deletedn
Cookies set by Third Party sites
Google Analytics Cookies
We use Google Analytics to understand how visitors interact with our website, such as how they found us, how long is spent viewing pages, and what time of day they visited us on. This allows us to improve the visitors’ experience on our websites and to track our marketing efforts.
The purpose of each cookie is explained below:
Cookie
Description
Duration
_ga
This Google Analytics cookie is used to determine you as a unique visitor to our website and it is updated with each page view. It contains a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to help data validity.
2 years or when user clears cookies
_gid
This Google Analytics cookie is used to determine you as a unique visitor to our website and it is updated with each page view. It contains a unique ID that Google Analytics uses to help data validity.
24 hours
_gat
Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_<property-id>.
1 minute
AMP_TOKEN
Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service.
30 seconds to 1 year
_gac_<property-id>
Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts, AdWords website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
90 days
__cfduid
The .bufferapp.com “__cfduid” cookie is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information.
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-CloudFlare-cfduid-cookie-do.
5 years
__cfduid
The .cdn.viglink.com “__cfduid” cookie is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information.
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-CloudFlare-cfduid-cookie-do.
5 years
__cfduid
The .zopim.com “__cfduid” cookie is set by the CloudFlare service to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information.
https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-What-does-the-CloudFlare-cfduid-cookie-do.
5 years
initref
The .reddit.com “initref” cookie is set by the reddit.com to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information.
5 years
session_tracker
The .reddit.com “session_tracker” cookie is set by the reddit.com to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information.
5 years
lidc
The .linkedin.com “lidc” cookie is set by the linkedin.com to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information. for more information https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-table
1 Day
loid
The .shareaholic.com “loid” cookie is set by the .shareaholic.com to identify trusted web traffic. It does not correspond to any user id in the web application, nor does the cookie store any personally identifiable information. for more information
1 Day
vglnk.Agent.p
This cookie is used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. It is also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
1 Day
All these are Category 2 cookies.
Note: the expiration length of each cookie is from the time it was last updated on
For more information on the use of Google cookies visit www.google.com/policies/.
Temporary logged-in and database created cookies
These cookies are created when you sign up and are passed to our database to identify you next time you visit. Likewise, this information is stored on our secure database so and recreated the next time you visit and log on to the application(s) on our website.
They are used to associate your information with the correct records on our database. They also identify what level of access you have, ie normal user or administration.
User ID A unique number that is used to identify your records stored in our database 20 minutes from in-activity.
Cookies and personal information
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
(a) In Internet Explorer (version 9) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b) In Firefox (version 16) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unchecking “Accept cookies from sites” and
(c) In Chrome (version 23), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on this website.
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:
(a) In Internet Explorer (version 9), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
(b) In Firefox (version 16), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy” and then “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
(c) In Chrome (version 23), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Mailing List / Email Newsletter
This website may operate an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion.
Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user,
however, we have never bought in marketing lists in the past and have no intention to do so.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely and in accordance with the new General Data Protection Regulations Act 2018.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may use a a third-party emailing program such as MailChimp, and that may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation on those third party servers. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list].
This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
No personal details are passed on to other third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website.
Under the new GDPR rules you may at any time:
Request a copy any personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program
Update any details we have for you in this website’s email newsletter program
Ask us to remove/unsubscribe you from this website’s email newsletter program.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will by detailed instead.
External Links
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are ‘clicking’ to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites).
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website.
This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive.
Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Google Adwords
This website may from time-to-time make use of Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site.
It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry.
This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Woodland Survival Crafts website.
Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy urls [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened urls published on social media platforms by this website and its owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine urls are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
GDPR Guidance
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Facebook Full Data Use Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Fillable PDF Forms Creation
Website Privacy Policy Template
v.2.0 May 2018 Edited & customised by: Woodland Survival Crafts
Contact us
If you have any questions about our cookies or our security policy, please contact us:
Woodland Survival Crafts.
Registered Office:
2 Hall Farm,
Ashby Road,
Coleorton,
Leics
LE67 8FB
Office : +44 (0) 1530 411861
Office : +44 (0) 7736 225035
Email: dave@woodlandsurvivalcrafts.com
Basket
Basket
Get in touch
How to find us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Email
Linkedin
Facebook
Copyright © 2020 Woodland Survival Crafts