http://www.adrift.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Call Now800-824-0150
Call Now1-800-824-0150
Trips
Multi Day
Single Day
Specialty
RiverWonderGrass
Private Trips
Rentals
Launch Calendar
Cancellation Policy
SUP
About
Adrift
Social
Blog
Team
Careers
Plan
Deals
PACK
STAY
To Do
Forms
FAQ
Contact
©							Copyright 2020 Adrift Dinosaur							. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Design By
BOOK A TRIP
COVID-19 UPDATE
Privacy Policy
Adrift Adventures Dinosaur National Monument Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://adrift.com/ . This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Adrift Adventures Dinosaur National Monument is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We receive, store and have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email (name, email address, mailing address, employment history, phone number, etc.), our web site form, our integrated third-party booking engine or other direct contact from you. In addition, we use tools to collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses used to connect your computer to the Internet and web site session information, including page response times, length of visits on certain pages, and page interaction information. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. Tools include Google Analytics (see Privacy Policy) FareHarbor (see Privacy Policy) and MailChimp (see Privacy Policy). Each entity has its own privacy policy separate from Adrift Adventures Dinosaur National Monument.
We may use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us, or to deliver information that may be of interest to you by phone, email, text message, or marketing campaign. We may share your information with a third party business partner for marketing purposes.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to share company information, new services and products, and/or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
While we use a Secure Sockets Layer certificate (SSL) and any necessary encryptions to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only parties who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, contacting a party to schedule or reschedule a trip, coordinating items and any health-related needs for a booked trip, or targeting ads regarding our services) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at 1-800-824-0150 or via email at info@adrift.com.
Sponsors