http://www.atascaderocreek.com/policies
Cart
0
Shop
Events & Tours
Press
Contact Us
POLICIESPrivacy PolicyAt Chenoweth Wines LLC, we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit our website, at www.chenowethwines.com (the "Site"), or the websites of any of our affiliates, and when you make a purchase from us, subscribe to any of our mailing lists, newsletters, or wine-club programs, and sign up for any of our events.Our Collection And Use Of Your Personal Identifiable InformationWhen you visit our website, join our mailing lists or newsletters, register for any of our programs or events, place an order, or contact us for other similar business purposes, we may collect certain personal identifiable information from you, including your name, address, email address, phone number or credit card information. We may also request additional information. We use this personal identifiable information for such things as processing your requests, communicating with you about your orders, informing you of new wines and releases, special offers, and winery events, and improving the quality of our online guest services. We may occasionally make your personal identifiable information available to our affiliates who have products or services that we believe will be of interest to you, for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not wish to receive this information via email, please unsubscribe online here or you may send a blank email with "unsubscribe" in the subject line, to admin@chenowethwines.com from the email address you would like removed. You may also send us a postcard with all the names, addresses and emails you would like removed from our mailing list to Chenoweth Wines, ATTN: Customer Service, PO Box 504, Graton, CA 95403. Your opt-out request will be processed within thirty (30) days from the date on which we receive it.Disclosure Of Your Personal Identifiable InformationWe will not share, rent or sell your personal identifiable information to any non-affiliates or third parties without your consent. However, we may disclose your personal identifiable information to third parties under limited circumstances if we conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of our Company, its customers, or the public. We may also contract with other companies and individuals to perform certain functions and services, including processing, storing, tracking, and organizing information on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal identifiable information to perform their functions, but are prohibited from using personal identifiable information for direct or indirect marketing purposes or for any purpose other than providing services to us.SecurityWe take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems or servers where we store personal data.Aggregate InformationWe may track visits to the pages and links on our websites so we can make decisions about the design and usage of the Site. While we may choose to share aggregate information on consumer behavior to third parties, none of this information shall contain personally identifiable information.Our Use Of CookiesWe use "cookies" to identify our registered members when they return to our Site. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies enable us to provide special features such as storing items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but allow you to turn off cookies as part of the browser options. Even without cookies, you can still use most of the features of our Site, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.Third Party ApplicationsWe may make available third party applications, such as wine-related tasting or educational tools, games, others programs, or Social Media applications, through our websites for your download or use. Some third party applications may offer location-based services, and if you use those services, we may receive information about your actual location (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device). Any information we collect when you enable or use a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies and is not under our control.Reviewing And Changing Your InformationYou may view, update or change information related to your account. Visit the My Account page on the Site and access your account using your email address and password.Not Directed To Individuals Under The Legal Drinking AgeOur Site is not intended for people under the legal drinking age of 21. We do not seek or knowingly collect any personal information from or about individuals under the age of 21. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from an individual under the legal drinking age, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.Updates To This PolicyThe terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made that this Privacy Policy has been updated, and by changing the "Last Modified" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.Governing LawThis Privacy Policy and our privacy practices will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of California within the United States of America. We make no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other country. Visitors who use this Site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using our Site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.Contact UsAny questions you may have regarding our Privacy Policy should be directed via email to admin@chenowethwines.com. You can also write us at: Chenoweth Wines, ATTN: Customer Service, PO Box 504 , Graton, CA 95444.Shipping PolicyWe use UPS for all our shipping. We are unable to ship to PO boxes.Occasionally some items are temporarily out of stock. You will be notified of any shipping delay at the time of order.Shipping costs are calculated after you have added items to your shopping cart and are based on size, weight, and zone chosen.Due to the restrictions of many state laws, we only ship wine to those states where direct shipment is permitted by law.In addition, each state imposes limitations on the amount of wine any particular adult state resident may receive by direct shipment. To ensure that you are able to order wine for direct shipment from our website, please consult the specific state requirements or contact us.Please note that all orders must be placed by persons over the age of 21 years, and that age verification will be required upon receipt of your wine. No wine will be delivered to visibly intoxicated persons and any person unable to provide age verification will forfeit their right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. In such circumstances the order may either be held in storage at a local depot of the shipping company until appropriate identification is produced, or shipped back to the winery. All associated costs will be the responsibility of and be charged to the customer.Terms & ConditionsLast Updated November 2015This website (the "Site") is owned by Chenoweth Wines LLC ("We" or "Us"). The following terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use") govern the Site. We reserve the right to amend the Terms of Use from time to time. We advise you to read these Terms of Use prior to every use of or purchase from the Site. Your use of the Site or purchase of any product or service from us constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use and/or any amendments thereto, do not use the Site.RestrictionsTo use the Site, you must be 21 years of age or older, the legal drinking age in the United States. If you are not of legal drinking age, please exit this site immediately.RegistrationRegistration on the Site provides the ability to store frequently used information and personal identifiable information used to speed check-out.A valid credit card with your name, billing address, and phone number is required when making a purchase. You may maintain this information, as well as other information such as shipping addresses, on the My Account page of the Site. All personal information provided to us will be collected, protected and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.Upon registration, you must provide a working email address and a password. You must ensure that these remain confidential at all times and agree that you are solely and entirely responsible for all activities which occur under your email address and password. You must notify us immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your email address and password. Each email address and password must be used by a single user and is not transferable. We may suspend or terminate access to an account if we suspect unauthorized or improper use of the account.Purchasing WinesWines may be sold and delivered only to a person who is 21 years of age or older. By placing an order, you represent that: (1) you are 21 years of age or older; and (2) the person to whom any wine will be delivered is 21 years old of age or older.Returns and ExchangesPlease contact customer service at 707-829-3367 with return or exchange inquiries.Use of Information/MaterialsYou may print any downloadable information or materials offered on this Site provided that all of the following conditions are met:you use the materials or information solely for private purposes and not for direct or indirect commercial purposes;your use of the materials is for lawful purposes; andno copyright or other similar notice regarding our property rights, or the property rights of any third parties, is removed from the materials.Copyright, Trademarks & Other Intellectual Property RightsThe content of this Site, including without limitation, any trademarks, designs, logos, text, images, audio and video materials thereon, is owned and/or licensed by us (the "Proprietary Material"). The Proprietary Material is protected under the laws of the United States and other nations around the world, and under international treaties -- in particular under copyright and trademark laws. Unauthorized use of the Proprietary Material may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. Except for the limited license to download and print certain material or information from the Site for non-commercial and private purposes, you have no right to use, reproduce, display or distribute the Proprietary material. All rights with respect to the Proprietary Material remain our exclusive property. Any use or reproduction of the Proprietary Material (including our trademarks or logos) other than for private purposes only without our express prior written consent is prohibited.No WarrantiesYour use of the site is at your own risk. The site is provided on an "as is" basis. Except as expressly required by law, we make no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy, reliability or completeness of this site's content or the content of any site linked to from the site. Changes are periodically made to the information herein. We and/or our respective agents may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) or service(s) offered and/or the program(s) described herein at any time. We have no duty to update the site or the content hereof and we shall not be liable for any failure to update such information. We disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of non-infringement or title, and implied warranties of quality, performance, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, security, and accuracy. Further, we do not warrant that the site or any software made available on the site is compatible with your computer or free of computer viruses. We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the site.Limitation of LiabilityYou agree that we (including, any of our affiliates, and any of our or their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents), will not be liable for liability, loss, damage or expenses arising out of or suffered by you as a result of your visit to or use of this site or any linked site, any materials provided on the site or downloaded from the site, inability to use the site or any error in the provision of the site, any computer virus or other executable code that you may download from the site, and any other defect that is transmitted through the site, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, strikes or other labor problems or any force majeure, whether such loss or damage arises from our negligence or otherwise. Under no circumstances will we be liable, whether in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any indirect, punitive, special, consequential or incidental damages (including without limitation lost profits, cost of procuring substitute service or lost opportunity); even we were made aware of the possibility of such damages.Links to Other SitesLinks to third party sites on the Site are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you will leave the Site. These Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy do not apply to any website that you reach by using these links or otherwise leaving the Site. We have not reviewed all of these other websites and we do not control and are not responsible for those websites or the content on those websites. We therefore do not endorse or make any representations about these third-party websites or any material found there. If you decide to access any of the websites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.GeneralThe Site is based in the United States in the State of California. We make no claim that the Site is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. If you access the Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. These Terms of Use and any matter relating to the Site (including our Privacy Policy) are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Any dispute or controversy arising from use of the Site, our products, or these Terms of Use, must be brought in the courts of the State of California or the United States federal court having jurisdiction over San Francisco, California, and by using the Site or making a purchase from the Site, you agree to be subject to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.Drink ResponsiblyExcessive or irresponsible consumption of alcohol may have personal, social or health consequences. As part of its commitment to responsible consumption, we ensure that communications regarding our products do not show or encourage excessive consumption or misuse of any kind. We are committed to promoting the responsible advertising of our products and encouraging improved advertising standards for the industry as a whole.California Transparency in Supply Chains ActHere at Chenoweth Wines, it’s our mission to embed our core values into the company’s local and worldwide winemaking and business practices.  As part of that mission, we focus on our three most important resources: our rich coastal vineyards, our award-winning wines, and the people who make possible everything we do.  That care for our people extends to those who are employed by us and to ensuring that those who aren’t – including all members of our supply chain – are treated with dignity.  On January 1, 2012, the Transparency in Supply Chains Act came into effect which requires certain retailers and manufacturers doing business in California to publicly disclose their efforts, if any, to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from their supply chains.We do not use any forced labor in our operations and we expect the same of our business partners and suppliers.  Accordingly, all of our employees are charged with identifying and working with reputable suppliers that are committed to complying with all federal, state, and foreign laws regarding labor practices.When we source from suppliers, we typically do so from suppliers located in the United States, and we typically do not engage suppliers from countries with an increased risk of human trafficking and slavery. We monitor supplier behavior and compliance to ensure that our suppliers meet our high standards.  We encourage our suppliers doing business in countries with increased risk to enroll with third party audit organizations like Fedex, the Supplier Ethical Data Exchange.  It is our policy to cease doing business with any supplier who participates in human trafficking or forced labor practices. If we discover a concern with one of our suppliers, we may require appropriate corrective action or terminate the relationship.We have and are continuing to educate our employees who are involved in the procurement of goods and services about the Transparency in Supply Chains Act and the steps that should be taken to identify, cure, and guard against any use of forced labor in our supply chains.Content here when I have it.