http://www.boattest.com/privacy-and-terms
Skip to main content
×
Access More Boat Tests
Email or username
Password
Create new accountReset your password
BoatTEST.com is owned and operated by BoatTEST.com, LLC.
BoatTEST.com offers you a wide range of products and services ("Materials" or "Services") via this website. Please review the following terms that govern your use of the site. Please be advised that your use of this website constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the following Terms and Conditions.
Attention: This Site and these Terms and Conditions may be changed by BoatTEST.com with or without notice. Please review this link on a regular basis for changes. Continued use of this website following any change constitutes your acceptance of the change.
Contact information given to BoatTEST.com will allow you to receive the BoatTEST newsletter. This also grants permission to BoatTEST to send your contact information to Builders and Dealers when you have submitted a request for information or contact via BoatTEST.com (this site).
Terms and Conditions
This is a contract. In consideration for providing you access to BoatTEST.com, and other pages and websites owned by BoatTEST.com, LLC, you agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions set forth here.
No part of the websites, including the video, may be reproduced, copied, modified and reproduced or transmitted for commercial use, or for public display. No part of the websites may be used in derivative works, or be used in a compilation of other data, except if permission is granted in writing by officers of BoatTEST.com.
BoatTEST.com reserves the right to revise the Terms of Use at any time. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms and Conditions from time to time. By using the websites you agree to bound by any revisions to the Terms and Conditions.
BoatTEST.com will Aggressively enforce its intellectual property and other legal rights to the fullest extent of the law, and will seek damages, attorney’s fees, and criminal prosecution where appropriate.
All right to and interest in the content, including the videos, displayed on these sites including the look, design, graphics, organization, logos trademarks, service marks, registered marks, trade names, URL, domain names is the property of, along with any material used with permission of BoatTEST.com, LLC.
BoatTEST.com is protected by the laws of the United States of America and by International copyright and trademark laws.
Unauthorized use of any content on these sites is strictly forbidden without express permission in writing granted by officers of BoatTEST.com.
While the persons submitting materials retain ownership, by submitting the material to BoatTEST.com you agree to license BoatTEST.com, LLC, to use the material.
Use of Materials
Visitors to BoatTEST.com are herby granted a nontransferable right, which my be revoked at any time, to view, use, and print for one’s own use the material published here, so long as such uses does not interfere with or damage BoatTEST.com’s business, does not restrict the normal functioning of BoatTEST.com’s servers, is not used for any commercial purpose including for profit and not for profit listing services, or information compilations made public. The content, photos, logos, URLs, contact information, of all materials on these websites is intended for private use only and may not be copied in any way by any party for commercial purposes.
User Submissions and Conduct
By submitting material to BoatTEST.com you affirm that you are the sole owner of the materials and that you have all rights, free and clear, to transmit these materials to BoatTEST.com. You also agree to indemnify BoatTEST.com against any legal action arising from a third party contesting your use of the materials and their publication by BoatTEST.com, LLC, or its websites
User Information
By posting or uploading any material on BoatTEST.com, you warrant THAT YOU OWN ALL RIGHTS in such materials. BoatTEST.com makes no representation as to the veracity of contributed material, and visitors use this material at their own risk. BoatTEST.com makes no warranties about the materials that are submitted to the website, and has no liability nor responsibility to website visitors or any other persons or entity arising out of any use or reliance on information published on these sites, including errors, omissions, misrepresentations, or any other misleading information contained herein.
Termination and Agreement Components
BoatTEST.com reserves the right to terminate the right of any visitor or member, or advertiser at any time in its sole discretion without notice.
Linking
BoatTEST.com, and its other sites provide links to other websites, which are completely independent and BoatTEST.com makes no representation or warranty relative to the content of those sites. In no event should any link to another website be construed as an endorsement by BoatTEST.com.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
All material, videos, photos, charts and information on these sites are covered by copyright laws and may not be used without express written permission by BoatTEST.com, LLC.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will BoatTEST.com, LLC, its officers, employees, contractors, subcontractors, freelancers, agents be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, economic, punitive, economic damage, or consequential damages, loss of goodwill, loss of profits, or any other damage as the result of relying on material or information in these websites. Damages includes attorney fees, lost profits, business interruption, or any other damage.
Disclaimer of Warranties
BoatTEST.com makes no warranty about any material appearing on any of the pages on these websites.
Indemnification
By using this site you agree to indemnify and hold harmless BoatTEST.com, LLC, its officers, employees, freelancers, contractors, subcontractors, successors, and assigns against any and all claims, including attorneys’ fees, and liability including, without limitation arising out of any information posted, uploaded or submitted by you.
Applicable Laws
BoatTEST.com is goverened by the laws of the state of Connecticut.
General
By using or acting on any of the material on these websites you agree that you are acting on your own risk.
If you have any questions regarding the Terms and Conditions for this web site, please contact BoatTEST.com at sales@boatTEST.com, 203-323-9900..
The following outlines BoatTEST.com’s policies for collecting, maintaining, and disclosing information about visitors to BoatTEST.com and its related sistersites, as well as the Terms for using information published on BoatTEST.com.
Membership Information
Certain areas of BoatTEST.com are restricted to members only. Membership is free and an email address is required. This email address is used primarily to contact members with periodic newsletters sent via email, and while BoatTEST.com does not currently rent information about its members to third parties, it reserves the right to do so in the future without further notice.
Privacy Policy
BoatTEST.com (BTC) assumes that users of any of its sites are doing research and therefore in return for the information it provides BTC, may send member information to clients that it selects for further informational contact, or BTC may use the information for its own commercial or non-commercial purposes.
BoatTEST.com (BTC) collects personal information when you register, when you use its products and services, when you visit BTC pages or the pages of certain partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. BTC may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, zip code, boat ownership, boating activities and other information. Once you register with BTC and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
BTC automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, BTC cookie information, and the pages you request.
BTC uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, share with trusted partners, conduct research, and provide reporting to clients. Third-party recipients of your information have no right to transfer or share this information other than the appropriate dealer network.
BTC does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you view an ad, boat test or any other material on its websites. However, by interacting with an ad, boat test, or other material, you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser or a manufacturer will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad, boat test, or other material.
If for any reason a member would like to withdraw from BTC’s database he/she may do so by sending the email address used to register to webmaster@boattest.com and the records will be erased and access to the site will be cancelled.
Opt In/Opt Out of Newsletters
After registering for membership, any member may opt out of future e-newsletters by using the link at the bottom of each newsletter. This will immediately remove the member from the newsletter mailing list but not from BoatTEST.com’s permanent member list.
Cookies
BoatTEST.com uses cookies which are text files stored on the visitor’s computer. These are used so the site will recognize returning members so they need not log in to access restricted areas of the site. Users can set their web browsers to reject cookies, but this will require members to log in each time they access restricted areas of the site. BoatTEST.com does not capture any personal information by using cookies.
Security
BoatTEST.com takes every precaution to protect its user’s personal and secure information (such as name or credit card), that information is encrypted and protected via SSL. While on any secure page on BoatTEST.com, the lock icon on the bottom of the browser shows that the data is locked and secure.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive user information online, we also protect user information offline as well. Authorized users of BoatTEST.com only have permissions to access personal account information to perform tasks such as a billing administration or customer service. All servers that store personal information are kept in a secure environment.
If you have any questions about the security at BoatTEST.com, please send an e-mail to support@boattest.com.
No Representations, Warrantees, or Liability
While every attempt is made to ensure the accuracy of all editorial content found on BoatTEST.com, the site may contain inaccuracies or outdated information. Particularly as it pertains to boat test data, visitors are advised that their on-water results will vary from those published on BoatTEST.com due to a number of factors including but not limited to environmental conditions, propeller and engine selection, boat condition, load, and more. BoatTEST.com, LLC assumes no liability of any kind with regards to the information published herein.
Manufacturer’s Participation
Each individual builder sponsors the boat tests. Builders pay BoatTEST Publishing a fee to cover production and distribution costs only. The boat tests themselves are conducted independently by our staff of U.S.C.G.-licensed Captains and the opinions expressed in the editorial are those of the captains and have been edited and approved by BoatTEST.com. Test numbers shown are recorded by BoatTEST.com’s technical team and are NOT supplied by the manufacturers. Test results are affected by load, powertrain, running surface condition, sea state, and ambient air temperature and humidity. While our test results are certified accurate given our test conditions on test day, your results may vary.
Copyright
All editorial content in text and video form on BoatTEST.com is the copyrighted property of BoatTEST.com, LLC. It may not be reproduced, republished, or rebroadcast in any form without written permission from the publisher of BoatTEST.com.
Free Newsletter and Membership Signup
Sign Up