http://www.roadtripamerica.com/aboutrta.htm#privacy
Routes, Planning, & Inspiration for Your North American Road Trip
Home
Planning Tools
Trip Advice
Hotels & Cars
Map Wizard
Map Center
Routes
PhotoShare
Funny Signs
Shop
About RTA
RTA's
Editors, Contributors, & Guides
Copyright & Trademark
Notice
Privacy Policy Statement
Contact Information
Media
Information/Press Room
RoadTrip
America® is here to help you to plan your road trips
and share your
roadtripping passion and expertise with others. "On
the road and online" since 1996, RoadTrip America
offers advice, inspiration, resources, and camaraderie
to all those who hear the call of the open road. RoadTrip
America was founded by Megan
Edwards and Mark Sedenquist.
They hit the road after their
home was destroyed by wildfire in 1993, and lived
on a roll for over six years. One fabulous side effect
of their full-time roadtrip is that their concept of home
was forever changed. As Mark puts it, "Our front
yard stretches to the Gulf of Mexico, and the back goes
all the way to Prudhoe Bay." That expanded view of
home has contributed to RoadTrip America's governing philosophy:
This
is my first time here, this place is great! I, like
many of the other people that I have read posts
from on this site am struck with something very
powerful, wanderlust. I am a college student
and for this year's spring break I've tossed many
options around. I have considered everything from
skiing in Killington, VT to camping outside of Pensacola,
FL. And I've finally came to the conclusion that
it was time to take a road trip…
-- A.B., Morgantown, WV
Today,
RoadTrip America is the joint effort of editors, book
reviewers, contributing writers, forum moderators, information
technologists, Web designers, photographers, and hundreds
of knowledgeable road trippers who generously share
their discoveries, concerns, and dreams about roadtripping
in North America. Members of the Great American RoadTrip
Enthusiast community provide advice
and road trip planning tips cost-free to any registered
member.
After
spending a while reading and soaking up information
from this forum I've finally embarked on my first
cross country road trip! I am traveling alone in
my classic 1968 Chevy, the ultimate highway cruiser.
So the first day I left my home on Long Island and
I am headed to Yellowstone, although I plan to drive
a part of Route 66, so I'll be meandering my way
across the country.
--
D.B., Long Island, NY
We
invite you to browse everything on RTA -- an amazing
lineup of articles, book and product reviews, tips,
and more -- like the Web's largest (and still growing)
collection of funny road signs. RTA correspondents can provide
road trip planning tips for solo travelers, disabled
travelers, international visitors and families traveling
by car, motorcycle, bicycle or RV. We are also in the
process of developing a comprehensive library of road
trip routes. By end of 2010, over 200 routes will be
online, complete with interactive maps and plenty of
up-to-the-minute tips about travel conditions, sights,
and attractions. We are constantly sifting through reams
of travel planning data to deliver timely and accurate
information when you need and want it. For example,
here's a list of key
roadside rests and attractions found along the major
interstate highways of America.
Having
had so much help from this site I wanted to post
a report of our trip and encourage others that with
some planning you can have the trip of a lifetime.
I started planning our trip a year in advance, my
husband and I are both over 65, retired and I wasn't
really convinced we could do this, until I found
this Web site.
--
J.R. Gatwick UK
RTA
is also a great source for the best road trip gear,
maps, and accessories. RoadTrip America sells the best
products, and every single item in our store has been
vetted by a member of the RTA roadtripping community
for quality, utility, and price. If you're making travel
plans, RTA offers great
hotel, rental car, and vacation package rates in association with Priceline.com.
See
you on the road and online!
The
RoadTrip America Team
Copyright,
Media Usage and Trademarks
A.
Proprietary Rights to Content: Users, viewers and/or
readers of the RoadTrip America® Web site acknowledge
that all content displayed, posted and/or transmitted
from the website, including but not limited to music,
sound, video, graphics, data, text, multimedia, HTML,
XML, and other materials collectively known as "content"
may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
Users, viewers, and/or readers may use the content
only as expressly authorized by RoadTrip America.
Users, viewers, and/or readers may not copy, store,
reproduce, distribute, display, publish or create
derivative works from the content without express
authorization from RoadTrip America.
B.
Trademarks: RoadTrip America, RoadTrip Report, RoadTrip2000,
Phoenix One, Earth Rover, RTA logo and all other RoadTrip
America products and logos referenced herein and displayed
on our Web site are trademarks, service marks or registered
trademarks and registered service marks of Flattop
Productions, Inc., d.b.a. RoadTrip America. Those
service marks, along with those owned by third parties
may not be copied, downloaded or otherwise exploited
without the express permission of RoadTrip America
or such third party service mark owners. Any rights
not expressly granted herein are reserved.
C.
Copyright Protection: RoadTrip America respects copyright
law and expects all of our readers/viewers to do the
same. The Internet industry depends upon copyright
law to enable content providers to get fairly compensated
for their content. Unauthorized copying or distribution
of content is an infringement of the copyright holder's
rights. RoadTrip America may elect to prosecute anyone
who infringes upon the copyright, or other intellectual
property rights, of RoadTrip America or any of the
third parties affiliated with this website.
COPYRIGHT
NOTICE. Copyright © 1996-2020 Flattop Productions,
Inc. d/b/a RoadTrip America, 8275 S. Eastern Ave.,
Suite 200, Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S.A., All rights reserved.
D.
Use of Photographs on this website: Unless a photo
credit is expressly provided and/or is attached to
any photograph or image found on this website, it
is deemed to be the property of RoadTrip America for
the exclusive use by RoadTrip America and subject
to all forms of copyright protection. On occasion,
RoadTrip America accepts submissions from readers/viewers
of certain photographic images that are to be published
in the "Funny Road Signs" or other departments
within the RoadTrip America website. RoadTrip America
will only accept and publish photographic images from
persons who are legally authorized to grant us permission
to use the images. The following information must
be supplied upon submission:
1.
What is the name of the Photographer?
2.
Is the submitting person the photographer and/or
do we have permission to use the photos on www.roadtripamerica.com?
3.
Where and when was the photo taken? (Please be as
specific as possible with respect to the date and location of the photo.)
4.
Do we have permission to use your name, (if different
from the photographer) and home city?
5.
What is the photographer's home city/town/location?
6.
Do we have permission to extend to other publications/Websites
the right to republish the images at a future date?
7.
Has your photograph been published previously on
another web site?
E. RTA Map Center Terms of Service: These Terms of Service (“Terms”)
govern your access to and use of the services and  RoadTrip America’s websites (the “Services”),
and any information, text, graphics, or other materials uploaded, downloaded or
appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). Your
access to and use of the Services is conditioned on your acceptance of and
compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be
bound by these Terms.
Basic
Terms
You are responsible for your use of
the Services, for any content you post to the Services, and for any
consequences thereof. The Content you submit, post, or display on your personal
maps is intended to be private.  To that
end, we utilize some encryption so that anything you post in your private maps
will remain private while under the auspices of the RoadTripAmerica.com Web
site.  But if you elect to share your
Content with friends and family, using the “Share This” feature, it is possible
that your Content might become viewable by other users of the Services and
through third party services and websites.
You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with
others under these Terms.  Further, if
you identify some saved Maps to be “Suggested” to the official RTA Library,
your Content will become viewable by other users of the Services and through
third party services and websites.
You may use the Services only if you
can form a binding contract with RoadTrip America.com and are not a person
barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other
applicable jurisdiction. You may use the Services only in compliance with these
Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules
and regulations.
RoadTripAmerica.com uses the Google
Maps API as a material element of the RTA Map Center and by accessing or using
the Services you agree to comply with Google’s terms of Use of those services.  And you agree to the Google’s Terms of Use for
their mapping products.
The Services that RoadTripAmerica.com
provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services that RoadTripAmerica.com
provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you. In addition,
RoadTripAmerica.com may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the
Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally and
may not be able to provide you with prior notice. We also retain the right to
create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time without
prior notice to you.
You may use the RTA Map Wizard program without any form of
registration, however, if you should want to save any of the maps generated by
the RTA Map Wizard, you will need to register and open a membership account with RoadTripAmerica.com. There is no fee of
any kind associated with these user membership accounts.
If you want to save any of the routes,
custom places, maps or other elements of the RTA Map Center Services, you will need to register and open a membership account with RoadTripAmerica.com.
There is no fee of any kind associated with these user membership
accounts.
The Services may include
advertisements, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the
Services, queries made through the Services, or other information. The types
and extent of advertising by RoadTripAmerica.com on the Services are subject to
change. In consideration for RoadTripAmerica.com granting you access to and use
of the Services, you agree that RoadTripAmerica.com and its third party
providers and partners may place such advertising on the Services or in
connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether
submitted by you or others.
Privacy
Any information that you provide to RoadTripAmerica.com
is subject to RTA's Privacy Policy,
which governs our collection and use of your information.
You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection
and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the
transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for
storage, processing and use by RoadTripAmerica.com As part of providing you the
Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as
service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are
considered part of the Services and your RoadTripAmerica.com account, which you
may not be able to opt-out from receiving.
RoadTripAmerica.com only shares
personal information with other companies or individuals outside of RoadTripAmerica.com
in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the
sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries,
affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the
purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that
these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions
and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate
confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use,
preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to
(a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable
governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including
investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or
otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect
against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, its users or the
public as required or permitted by law.
If RoadTripAmerica.com becomes
involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its
assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved
in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is
transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Passwords
You are responsible for safeguarding
the password that you use to access the Services and for any activities or
actions under your password. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords
(passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and
symbols) with your account. RoadTripAmerica.com cannot and will not be liable
for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above
requirements.
Content
on the Services
All Content, whether publicly posted
or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who
originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via
the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. Any use or
reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you
through the Services is at your own risk.
Specifically, you agree that the use
of the Content shall be for informational purposes only and that
RoadTripAmerica.com does not support, represent or guarantee the completeness,
truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted
via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You
understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might
be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases,
postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. Under no
circumstances will RoadTripAmerica.com be liable in any way for any Content,
including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any
loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content
posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Services or
broadcast elsewhere.
Your
Rights to Your Content
You retain your rights to any
Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. By submitting,
posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant RoadTripAmerica.com
a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense)
to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and
distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known
or later developed).
You agree that this license includes
the right for RoadTripAmerica.com to make such Content available to other
companies, organizations or individuals who partner with RoadTripAmerica.com
for the syndication, broadcast, distribution or publication of such Content on
other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content
use.
Such additional uses by RoadTripAmerica.com,
or other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with RoadTripAmerica.com,
may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that
you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.
We may modify or adapt your Content
in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks and in
various media and/or make changes to your Content as are necessary to conform
and adapt that Content to any requirements or limitations of any networks,
devices, services or media.
You are responsible for your use of
the Services, for any Content you provide, and for any consequences thereof,
including the use of your Content by other users and our third party partners.
You understand that your Content may be rebroadcasted by our partners and if
you do not have the right to submit Content for such use, it may subject you to
liability.
RoadTripAmerica.com will not be responsible or liable for any use of
your Content by RoadTripAmerica.com in accordance with these Terms. You
represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority
necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit.
RoadTripAmerica.com gives you a
personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to
use the software that is provided to you by RoadTripAmerica.com as part of the
Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy
the benefit of the Services as provided by RoadTripAmerica.com, in the manner
permitted by these Terms.
RoadTripAmerica.com
Rights
All right, title, and interest in
and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain
the exclusive property of RoadTripAmerica.com and its licensors. The Services
are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States
and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the RoadTripAmerica.com
name or any of the RoadTripAmerica.com trademarks, logos, domain names, and
other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you
may provide regarding RoadTripAmerica.com, or the Services is entirely
voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as
we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Restrictions
on Content and Use of the Services
We reserve the right at all times
(but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content
on the Services and to terminate users or reclaim usernames. Please review the RoadTripAmerica.com
Rules (which are part of these Terms) to better understand what is prohibited
on the Service. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and
disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy
any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii)
enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof,
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical
issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights,
property or safety of RoadTripAmerica.com, its users and the public.
Copyright
Policy
RoadTripAmerica.com respects the
intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do
the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that
comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us. If you believe that
your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement,
please provide us with the following information: (i) a physical or electronic
signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf;
(ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;
(iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be
the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which
is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate
the material; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone
number, and an email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith
belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized
by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the
information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury,
that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
We reserve the right to remove
Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice and at our sole
discretion. In appropriate circumstances, RoadTripAmerica.com will also
terminate a user’s account if the user is determined to be a repeat infringer.
Our designated copyright agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement
appearing on the Services is:
Attn:  Mark Sedenquist
Flattop Productions,
Inc./RoadTripAmerica.com
8275 S. Eastern Avenue, Suite 200
Las Vegas, NV 89123
Telephone: (702)320-4866
E-mail: webmaster@roadtripamerica.com
The
Services are Available “AS-IS”
Your access to and use of the
Services or any Content is at your own risk. You understand and agree that the
Services is provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Without
limiting the foregoing, ROADTRIPAMERICA.COM AND ITS PARTNERS DISCLAIM ANY
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. We make no warranty and disclaim all
responsibility and liability for the completeness, accuracy, availability,
timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any content thereon. RoadTripAmerica.com
will not be responsible or liable for any harm to your computer system, loss of
data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services, or
any Content. You also agree that RoadTripAmerica.com has no responsibility or
liability for the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any
Content and other communications maintained by the Services. We make no
warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an
uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether
oral or written, obtained from RoadTripAmerica.com or through the Services,
will create any warranty not expressly made herein.
Links
The Services may contain links to
third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that we are not
responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or
resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such
websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any
endorsement by RoadTripAmerica.com of such websites or resources or the
content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You
acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use
of any such websites or resources.
Limitation
of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, FLATTOP PRODUCTIONS, INC. D/B/A/ROADTRIPAMERICA.COM AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS
WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL
OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, DATA, USE,
GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE
OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF
ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY,
OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT
OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; AND (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF
YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT ROADTRIPAMERICA.COM
HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET
FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to
you.
Waiver
and Severability
The failure of RoadTripAmerica.com
to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of
such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held
to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms will
remain in full force and effect.
Controlling
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related
thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of  Nevada without regard to or application of its
conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims,
legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be
brought solely in Clark County, Nevada and you consent to the jurisdiction of
and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. If
you are accepting these Terms on behalf of a United States federal government
entity that is legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or
venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you but instead these
Terms and any action related thereto will be will be governed by the laws of
the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in
the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the
laws of the State of Nevada (excluding choice of law).
Affiliate Links
In accordance with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) regulations, this site stipulates that it uses affiliate links and that it earns income from the
qualifying purchases from those affiliate links. The two principal affiliates are Priceline and Amazon. This site earns income from qualifying purchases from the Amazon and Priceline links on this site. The following notice appears next to the copyright notice, in the page footer, on every page of this site: "As an Amazon Associate, this site earns revenue from qualifying purchases."
Entire Agreement
These RTA Map Center Terms, the RoadTripAmerica.com
Rules and our Privacy Policy are the entire and exclusive agreement between RoadTripAmerica.com
and you regarding the Services (excluding any services for which you have a
separate agreement with RoadTripAmerica.com that is explicitly in addition or
in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior
agreements between RoadTripAmerica.com and you regarding the Services. Other
than members of the group of companies of which RoadTripAmerica.com is the
parent, no other person or company will be third party beneficiaries to the
Terms.
We may revise these Terms from time
to time, the most current version will always be on this page. If the revision, in our sole discretion, is material we
will notify you via e-mail to the email associated with your account. By
continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
F.
Privacy Notice: Your privacy is very important to
us. Please review the privacy practices employed by
RoadTrip America as explained below.
RoadTrip
America® Privacy Policy Statement
Questions
regarding the policy statement should be directed
to the RoadTrip America Web site administrator for
clarification at mark@roadtripamerica.com.
RoadTrip
America believes that meeting your expectations of
privacy during your visits to this Web site, is of
the highest priority and is critical to the continued
success of RoadTrip America and to the over-all health
and vitality of the Internet.
This
privacy policy statement outlines the information
practices we use, including what type of information
is gathered and tracked, how this information is used
and with whom any information is shared. We respect
your rights and privacy and are eager to answer any
questions or concerns that you may have. We can be
reached at the following addresses:
E-mail: webmaster@roadtripamerica.com
Postal service:
Flattop Productions, Inc./RoadTrip America
8275 S. Eastern Avenue, Suite 200
Las Vegas, NV 89123
Telephone: (702)320-4866
This paragraph provides notice in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This update to this privacy policy is effective as of May 19, 2018.
a.
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as one of our partners, has a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising
and
ad
measurement.
For
more
details
including
opt-out
requests,
access
requests
or complaints,
please
review
their
privacy
policy
or
contact
their
data
protection
officer
via privacy@exponential.com.
Cookie Details
Cookie Name
Sort by Domain
Function
Party
Class
Type
Expiration
ANON-ID
Tribalfusion.com
The anonymous hashed id in the cookie links the web user’s browser to a profile which contains the behaviors the user has displayed
Third
Tracking
Persistent
3 months
b.
Alphabet Inc., as one of our marketing partners, through the entities associated with Google.com has a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising
and
ad
measurement.
For
more
details
including
opt-out
requests,
access
requests
or complaints,
please
review
their
privacy
policy
online at https://policies.google.com/u/1/privacy?utm_source=pp-email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=global Additional information about the cookies employed by Google.com can be found here: https://policies.google.com/u/1/technologies/types?utm_source=pp-email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=global
Google.com uses various domains to set cookies used in our advertising products, including the following domains and some country-specific versions of these domains (such as google.fr):
•	admob.com
•	adsensecustomsearchads.com
•	adwords.com
•	doubleclick.net
•	google.com
•	googleadservices.com
•	googleapis.com
•	googlesyndication.com
•	googletagmanager.com
•	googletagservices.com
•	googletraveladservices.com
•	googleusercontent.com
•	google-analytics.com
•	gstatic.com
•	urchin.com
•	youtube.com
•	ytimg.com
A.
Information Collected:
1.
In general, you can join us "on the road and
online" without telling us who you are and
without revealing any personal information about
yourself.
2.
We collect anonymous information from your visits
to RoadTrip America by using the IP addresses from
the Log files. We keep track of domain names but
not the e-mail address, of anyone who visits our
Web site. We use the page sharing services of both
"Share This" and the RSS feed sharing
by e-mail provided by "Feed Burner" and
so we can view the e-mail address of both the viewer
and sender of the form. These e-mail addresses are
not used for any purpose except to complete the
sending of the forms as requested by the site visitors.
3.
We also collect data on some of the pages that you
may visit and the information that you may submit
when you use the e-mail newsletter registration
form, which we call the "Guest Submission"
page. We may also collect data about what you pages
you looked at and/or access and how long you spent
on the RoadTrip America Web site.
4.
We may collect demographic information from the
answers that you post on the registration form for
the periodic RoadTrip America e-newsletter. In particular,
we are interested by what sources you used when
you linked to the RoadTrip America Web site the
first time and whether or not you share our interest
in wireless gear and services. We also solicit ideas
for trip destinations or places you would like to
visit along with RoadTrip America. This information
is gathered for the sole reason of improving the
delivery of content to you and fellow users of this
Web site.
5.
We may collect personally identifiable information
from you if you elect to purchase a product or enter
one of our contests or inquire about employment
opportunities with RoadTrip America.
6.
The information we collect is used for internal
review and use by the editors of RoadTrip America.
Unless otherwise stated, all information collected
is used solely to improve the content of the Web
site and services.
B.
Sharing of Information:
1.
We share aggregate information with advertisers
regarding the demographics of our visitors. This
is not linked to any personal information that can
identify any individual person.
2.
If you voluntarily provide personally identifiable
information for the purpose of making a purchase
or entering a contest, we will forward that specific
information to the third parties for credit card/check
processing and order fulfillment. While RoadTrip
America will seek to require that any such third
parties will follow the appropriate privacy policies
and will not authorize them to use any part of this
information except for the express purpose for which
it was provided, RoadTrip America does not bear
any responsibility for any actions or policies of
any third parties.
3.
We may partner with another party to provide specific
services. If you were to sign up for these special
services, we will share the names and other contact
information as is necessary for the third party
to provide these services. Such a service could
include an online personalized mapping services
or a shopping service for wireless equipment. Two
such services are the sharing page services referenced
in paragraph A-2 and you should consult each of
their privacy statements for further information
about how personal information is saved on their
servers.
4.
We may disclose personal identifiable information
when required by law or in the good-faith belief
that such action is necessary in order to conform
to the requirements of the law or to comply with
legal process served on RoadTrip America.
5.
In some circumstances, usually as a result of publishing
an article on RoadTrip America's Web site, we are
contacted by individuals seeking personal identifiable
information about a subject of the published article.
We will only disclose this information to these
specific third parties if we have received explicit
permission from the subject of the query granting
the release of this information.
C.
Links and Forums:
1.
RoadTrip America provides a multitude of links to
other Web sites. Please be aware that when you click
on one of these links, you will be entering another
website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements
of these linked Web sites as their privacy policy
may differ from ours. RoadTrip America is not responsible
for the privacy policies or the content of these
linked Web sites.
2.
There is, at present, one forum on the RoadTrip
America Web site where readers can post comments
and ideas. It is known as "The Great American
RoadTrip Forum." You should be aware that when
you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable
information, (e.g., first and last name, address,
e-mail address, etc) on the forums, that information
can be collected and used by others and may result
in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
If you do receive an unsolicited and UNWANTED message
from anyone, please contact us as soon as possible
and we will endeavor to end that person's use of
the RoadTrip America's forums. In some instances,
we may post the content of your e-mail messages
sent to one of the principals of RoadTrip America
under the appropriate forum. Further, we reserve
the right to edit all postings for clarity or application
on the forums.
3.
We use e-mail links within the RoadTrip America
Web site to allow you to contact us directly via
e-mail. We use the information provided in your
e-mail to respond to your questions and comments.
We may also store your comments for future reference.
Your personal information is only shared with third
parties with your explicit permission, with the
exception of information that is posted on the forums
(paragraph C.2.) referenced above.
D.
On-line Advertising:
1.
RoadTrip America uses certain third party companies
to deliver some banner advertisements and other
on-line communication. These companies may collect
and use information about the customers who clicked
or viewed these banners. The information they collect
is aggregated so as to protect the privacy of our
readers, but RoadTrip America does not bear any
responsibility for any actions or policies of any
third parties.
2.
One of the online advertisers is Google.com, and
Google.com as a third party vendor uses the DoubleClick
DART cookie. A DART cookie is used to observe and
track how a user views this site and other sites
on the Internet. More information about the DART
cookie system, including how to opt-out of this
system can
be viewed here. Additional information about
how Google.com uses this information may
be found here.
3.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve you ads when you visit our Web sites.
As described above, these companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visit to this and othe Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services to interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
4. As discussed above, these third-party advertising companies use cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. This is a link to the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) universal user opt-out form.
Opting out of a network does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising, but it does mean that the network from which you've opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns.
E. Travel Reservations and Booking Services
1.
In association with Priceline.com, Booking.com and Priceline Partner Network Limited, Flattop Productions, Inc. d/b/a/ RoadTrip America provides a travel and online accommodation reservation
booking service to users of this web site.
Users of this web site can make reservations for travel services including lodging, car rental and other related travel services.
2.
If you would like to book your reservations by telephone or contact customer service, please use the following numbers:
Custom Service:
1-877-477-7441
Phone Bookings:
1-866-676-7080.
Please mention Promo Code: HBC4051
E-mail:
Every page of the RoadTrip America Travel and Reservation department has an e-mail contact form that you can use to reach customer service.
F.
Cookies and other tracking technologies:
1.
RoadTrip America may use persistent "cookies"
to store and track information on our Web site,
enabling us to provide our visitors with customizable
and personalized services. Such a service may include
remembering preferences that you voluntarily set
so we can supply the latest information about cutting
edge wireless communication products and services.
Cookies are small bits of data that we send to the
browser on your computer from our Web server.
2.
RoadTrip America supports the efforts of the Platform
for Privacy Preferences Project (P3P) and may incorporate
some of the tracking protocol at a future date.
But we feel strongly that you have the absolute
authority to control any of your personal information
that is gathered on this Web site. The Web site
administrator will endeavor to stay current with
the technological changes associated with privacy
issues to ensure that your rights to privacy while
visiting this Web site are protected.
G.
Security:
1.
At present, RoadTrip America does not support an
internal commerce Web site, (for the purchase of
RTA products through the use of credit cards or
electronic cash). All such purchases are conducted
through third parties, and SSL encryption is used
when you are prompted to enter sensitive information,
(such as credit card number and/or social security
number).
2.
While secure encryption technology is used to protect
sensitive information on-line, we also protect all
user information that is stored offline. Only one
person, the Web site administrator, has access to
the distribution list and database that we use to
send the e-newsletters, and this person also has
direct responsibility for the operation of the online
forums described in paragraph C.2.
3.
The RoadTrip America Web server is located in a
locked cage in a secure facility. No unauthorized
person has access of any kind to any of the RoadTrip
America online files.
H.
Choice/Double Opt-In:
1.
In association with Vertical Response, Inc. and
FeedBurner, Inc., RoadTrip America employs a "double
opt-in" registration procedure for its e-mail
newsletters. Upon submission of the registration
form, a reader will receive a confirmation e-mail
message containing a confirmation link. Clicking
on the link confirms the registration, and the reader
is "double opted-in."
2.
If you have registered to receive e-mail communications
from us and later change your mind, you may contact
us to have your name and e-mail address removed
from the distribution lists. Should you wish to
remove your name and e-mail, please send an e-mail
requesting removal of this information to webmaster@roadtripamerica.com.
3.
We also give you the option to remove your name
and e-mail address upon receipt of every e-newsletter
that we send to you.
I.
Use of RoadTrip America by children:
1.
While this Web site is not directed at children,
it is our intention that the content produced and
published on RoadTrip America be useful, entertaining
and of reasonable acceptance for all ages of children
and adults.
2.
We are supportive and committed to comply with all
applicable laws and requirements in this regard.
J.
Notification of Changes:
1.
This privacy statement was last updated on October 22, 2020. A notice will be posted on the RoadTrip
America home page for thirty (30) days whenever
this privacy statement is changed.
If
you have any questions or suggestions for improvements
in this privacy policy, please contact the RoadTrip
America Web site administrator at mark@roadtripamerica.com.
Privacy Policy
Copyright 1996 - 2020, RoadTrip America® - All Rights Reserved
As an Amazon Associate, this site earns revenue from qualifying purchases.
Contact
RTA