https://www.outfitterpros.com/privacy
Home
How the Site Works
Find a Hunt
For Outfitters
Links
FAQs
Contact Us
OutfitterPros - Privacy Policy
Home
Find a Hunt
OutfitterPros - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your personal contact information will not be displayed publicly on this website.
Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the OutfitterPros.com website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personal information that OutfitterPros.com gathers when you are on the OutfitterPros.com website and when you use OutfitterPros.com services.
What Personal Information About Customers Does OutfitterPros.com Collect?
We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with the purpose for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you.
We collect the personal information that you provide to us via the 4 step Find A Hunt form:
Contact Information: Name, Phone, Email, State/Province (never displayed to the public)
In addition, our Web servers track various technical details about your visit, such as you computer's IP address and which pages you visited, however that information does not typically contain any personally identifiable information about you.
Will OutfitterPros.com Share Any of the Information it Receives?
Your contact information is shared with outfitters active on our site that match your hunt criteria when you complete the 4 step Find A Hunt form.
Additionally, we or our business partners may occasionally provide you with hunting/outdoor related content and advertising via email or Simple Message Service (SMS) correspondence.
Children
In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian. If you are under age 13, you are welcome to browse our Web site. However you are not permitted to use any of the features of our site that require the collection of any personally identifiable information. If we determine that we have erroneously collected a child's information, we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
OutfitterPros.com may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 1, 2007.
Drop us a message
You're in the right place! Just drop us a message. How can we help?
SEND
Or see contact page
Validation error occured. Please enter the fields and submit it again.
Thank You ! Your email has been delivered.