http://www.gsccc.org/en/our-council/about-our-council/terms-and-conditioins.html
COVID-19 Response
eBiz
Join
Shop
Forms
Blog
Contact Us
JOIN
JOIN
ABOUT
ABOUT
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
EVENTS
EVENTS
COOKIES+
COOKIES+
VOLUNTEER
VOLUNTEER
CAMP
CAMP
DONATE
DONATE
MY GS
MY GS
JOIN ABOUT OUR COUNCILAbout Our CouncilKeeping Our Girl Scout Community SafeBoard of DirectorsCommunity PartnersEmploymentForms and DocumentsLocations and FacilitiesNewsShopContact UsStaff DirectoryThe BridgePublications EVENTS COOKIES+ VOLUNTEER CAMP DONATE MY GS
COVID-19 Response
eBiz
Join
Shop
Forms
Blog
Contact Us
About Our CouncilKeeping Our Girl Scout Community SafeBoard of DirectorsCommunity PartnersEmploymentForms and DocumentsLocations and FacilitiesNewsShopContact UsStaff DirectoryThe BridgePublications
Our Council
About Our CouncilTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to this Web site of Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast, a
501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Chesapeake, VA.
Our online presence includes, but is not limited to, the pages found
under www.gsccc.org.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY
WEB SITES OF THE GIRL SCOUTS OF THE COLONIAL COAST.
By using the pages on this site, you demonstrate to us that you
agree to these Terms and Conditions (or “terms”). If you do not agree
to these terms, then please do not use this site. We reserve the
right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions
of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for
changes. Your continued use of the site following the posting of
change to these terms will mean you accept that change. If you
disagree with a change, you may decline further registration and use
of the site.
If a court of competent jurisdiction rules any portion these Terms
and Conditions to be invalid or unenforceable, then they should be
deemed revised in order to be valid and enforceable, and to achieve as
closely as possible the same effect as originally drafted and agreed.
OWNERSHIP AND RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images,
illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, site domain
name, and written and other materials contained on any site of the
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast (collectively, the
"Contents") are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade
dress, and/or other intellectual properties owned or controlled by
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast, or its licensors.  Any third party
trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
This site is:
copyright © Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast, Inc., all rights reserved
All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by us,
including all rights under intellectual property laws.  Subject to the
terms and conditions herein, these Terms and Conditions offer only a
revocable, limited, nonexclusive, personal license to access and use
the site for your personal use only, conditioned on your adherence to
these Terms and Conditions.  This license is unique to you,
non-transferable, and non-assignable.  You may not share or transfer
your access or account to any third party.  You agree to use the site
only as provided herein.
As a condition of your use of this site, you warrant that you will
not use it for any other purpose, including without limitation any
purposes that are unlawful or prohibited by these Terms.  Any other
access to and use of the site, or the Contents, is unauthorized.  You
agree to comply with all applicable laws.  This limited license
terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms.
The Contents are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by
the authorized users of our site. You may view, copy, and print the
Contents displayed on this site subject to the following conditions:
(i) you use the material for personal, noncommercial use only;
(ii) you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices;
(iii) you make no modifications to any materials;
(iv) you do not use the materials in a manner that suggests an
association with any of our products, services, or brands; and
(v) you do not download quantities of materials to a database that
can be used to avoid future downloads from the site.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any
other Web site or computer environment is prohibited. No right, title,
or interest in any of the Contents or software is transferred to you
as a result of any viewing, downloading, or copying. You may not
reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute,
display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in
any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the
Contents, the site, or any related software. You may not attempt to
decompile or reverse engineer any of the Contents or software used by
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast as part of the Web site.
Use of any of trademarks on this site as hot links, meta-tags, or
embedded text on other Web sites, for search engine subject matter
marketing, or as a spoofed email address are expressly prohibited.
You may not use the domain name of the site in any way, including
without limitation, in any pseudonymous manner.
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast reserves the right to, from time
to time, publish an acceptable use policy governing permitted uses of
the site (“Use Policy”), in addition to that provided herein, and in
such event, you must agree to follow such acceptable Use Policy to
comply with these terms.
REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT SECURITY
Certain features of our site provide you with the option of setting
up an account for which you will receive a user ID and password. User
IDs and passwords are confidential and proprietary. It is a violation
of these Terms and Conditions for you to: (a) provide any false
personal information on the site in general or specifically during
registration, or to create an account for anyone other than yourself
without permission, (b) create another account without our permission
if we disable your account, or (c) do anything else that might
jeopardize the security of your account. You are solely responsible
for any unauthorized use of your user ID and password, and for
ensuring that user ID and passwords are protected, kept confidential,
and are only used by the registrant.  You agree to promptly notify us
of any actual or suspected security breach, including any unauthorized
use of your user ID or password.
You agree not to access or attempt to access (through hacking,
password mining, or any other means) any areas of (or through) the
site to which you have not been given access.  You also agree not to
bypass or attempt to bypass any security mechanisms in place on the
site; this includes, but is not limited to, running any password
cracking software, or attempting unauthorized access.
ALLEGATIONS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast may remove content that in its
sole discretion appears to infringe or is alleged to infringe the
rights of others. In addition, Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast may,
in its discretion, terminate the account and access of any user of the
site who infringes or is alleged to infringe the intellectual property
rights of others. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act (17 U.S.C. § 512), Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast has
implemented procedures for receiving written notification of
allegations of copyright infringement.  If you believe in good faith
that your copyright has been infringed, you may submit a notice to our
Copyright Agent at dmca@gsccc.org,
or at the address below. To be effective, a notice must be a written
communication provided to this Copyright Agent of Girl Scouts of the
Colonial Coast, with such notice containing:
(i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
(ii) an identification or description of the copyrighted work that
you claim has been infringed;
(iii) a detailed description specifying the location of the material
that you claim is infringing, including the URL;
(iv) your telephone number and e-mail address;
(v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the
disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
the law; and
(vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the
information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright
owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
The designated Copyright Agent for notice of alleged copyright
infringement appearing on this Web site is:
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast
912 Cedar Road
Chesapeake, VA 23322
Attention: Camile Berry
Phone: (800) 777-2688
Email address: dmca@gsccc.org
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE SITE, CONTENTS, AND OTHER MATERIALS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED
"AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GIRL SCOUTS OF
THE COLONIAL COAST DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ETC. GIRL SCOUTS OF THE COLONIAL COAST DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR ACCESS
TO THE CONTENTS OR OTHER MATERIAL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE,
THAT DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE
SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. GIRL SCOUTS OF THE COLONIAL COAST DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE
ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR ANY RESULT FROM THE USE OF
THE SITE OR ANY CONTENTS OR MATERIAL IN THIS SITE.
SITE CONTENTS
The Contents or other information on this site are provided for
convenience, and are not professional advice or recommendations in any
way. You should not rely on any information on these pages to replace
consultation with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
DISCLAIMER OF CONTENTS
This web site is provided for convenience.  The Contents and other
material in this site may include inaccuracies, typographical errors,
or omissions. We reserve the right to correct any errors,
inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any
time without prior notice.  We reserve the right to remove any Content
from the site at any time.
THE SITE CONTENTS, INFORMATION, AND OTHER MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON
AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.  WE MAKE NO
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AS TO THE OPERATION,
AVAILABILITY, OR USE OF THE SITE AND ACCESS TO THE CONTENTS, OR TO THE
ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, RELIABILITY, OF THE SITE CONTENTS.  FOR
CLARITY, GIRL SCOUTS OF THE COLONIAL COAST DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE
CONTENTS, INFORMATION, AND OTHER MATERIAL ON THE SITE.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence,
shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or
consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to
use, any Girl Scout of the Colonial Coast site or a site that is
linked to this site, even if we have been advised of the possibility
of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or
certain damages, so the above limitation or exclusion is to the
maximum extent permitted by law, and some limitations may not apply to
you. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages,
losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort [including,
but not limited to, negligence], or otherwise) exceed the amount paid
by you, if anything, for accessing this site.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, SUBMISSIONS, AND POSTINGS
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast may allow you to communicate,
submit, upload, transmit or otherwise make available text, images,
audio, video, and other content through the site (collectively, the
"Submission(s)"), including in the form of comments,
feedback, submissions, or other information.
You agree not to make any Submissions of third party content,
whether text, images, audio, video, or other content; all such
Submissions are expressly prohibited by these Terms and Conditions and
must be addressed separately with Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast.
By posting or transmitting Submissions on or through the site, you
grant Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast a perpetual, irrevocable,
worldwide, royalty-free, assignable, sub-licensable license to use,
reproduce, store, modify, display, distribute, prepare derivative
works based on, and transmit such Submissions, and you waive any and
all moral rights and publicity rights in such Submissions.
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast will not be required to treat any
Submission as confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for
its business (including without limitation, product, or promotion
ideas) and will not incur any liability as a result of any
similarities that may appear in future Girl Scout business. Girl
Scouts of the Colonial Coast will be entitled to use the Submission
for any lawful purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any
other person sending the Submission. You represent and agree that you
own adequate right, power, and authority to such Submissions or other
content you submit or post, and that use of the same by Girl Scouts of
the Colonial Coast will not infringe or violate the rights of any
third party.
For clarity, you acknowledge and agree that the Submissions or any
other content you post or submit will be transferred or shared with
third parties; DO NOT SUBMIT CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  The site is
provided over public networks including the internet, and you grant
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast the express right to modify, adapt,
and transmit such Submissions over public networks.
You may not make any Submissions that:
(i) are or may reasonably be considered to be, harmful, threatening,
abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene,
pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, bigoted,
hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise offensive or objectionable;
(ii) violate any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation (including,
but not limited to, those governing export control, intellectual
property, consumer protection, unfair competition,
anti-discrimination, or false advertising); or
(iii) are known to be false, inaccurate, or misleading.
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast has the right, but not the
obligation, to monitor, screen, block, post, remove, modify, store and
review Submissions or any other communications sent through this Web
site, at any time and for any reason, including to ensure that
Submissions conform to these terms, without prior notice to you. We
are not responsible for, and do not endorse or guarantee, the
opinions, views, advice or recommendations in any Submissions posted
or sent by users.
REPORTING OF ABUSIVE OR UNLAWFUL SUBMISSIONS OR CONTENT
If you have knowledge of abusive, infringing or otherwise unlawful
Submissions or other content on this Web site, we want to know. For
reporting any such Submission or content, please send an e-mail
to __________________ describing the content or conduct in specific
detail, including the Web site address where the content is found and
the date and time viewed, and we will investigate the material.
Please do not use this address for claims regarding alleged copyright
infringement. Please note the above procedure for contacting our
Copyright Agent for allegations of copyright infringement.
THIRD PARTY WEB SITES AND SERVICES
From time to time, Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast may post or
link to third party content or Web sites on this site.  Any
information, services, software, or content of all such third parties
are those of the third party, and not of Girl Scouts of the Colonial
Coast.  All such third party information, services, software, or
content is provided under the terms, conditions, and warranties of
such third party. Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast is not responsible
for those sites or any of the content of those sites, whether for
accuracy, relevancy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of
material contained in such sites.
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast has no control over third party
web sites and services.  Consequently, we cannot be held responsible
for any aspect of those sites. The inclusion of any link to such third
party sites does not imply endorsement by Girl Scouts of the Colonial
Coast, which makes no representation whatsoever about any other Web
site which you may access.
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. These other
sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit
personal information, or contain information that you may find
inappropriate or offensive. Please keep in mind that whenever you give
out personal information online that information can be collected and
used by people you don't know. While Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast
makes reasonable efforts to protect the privacy of those how use our
Web sites, we have no control over third parties and cannot guarantee
the security of any information you disclose online; any such
disclosure of information is made at your own risk.
Any transaction or communication you may have with such third
parties is between you and such third party, and Girl Scouts of the
Colonial Coast is not responsible for that transaction.
We reserve the right to disable links to third-party sites or
content at any time.  If you would like to link to this site, please
contact us as provided below for approval.
JURISDICTIONAL NOTE
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast is located within the Commonwealth
of Virginia, USA, and its activities are focused to that state.  While
this site may potentially be accessed internationally, Girl Scouts of
the Colonial Coast does not operate outside of the Commonwealth of
Virginia, USA.  Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast makes no
representation or warranty that the site, the Contents, or any other
materials or information therein are appropriate or suitable for any
other location or jurisdiction.  You are responsible for compliance
with the laws that apply to your particular location.
As noted above, the Contents on this site are presented solely for
convenience of reference, for the purpose of promoting programs,
products, services, and other content of the Girl Scouts of the
Colonial Council in the Commonwealth of Virginia, USA. Access to the
site is voluntary.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if use of the site by you
is prohibited by law in your jurisdiction, then you agree not to use
the site.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
To the maximum extent permitted by law (and except as provided
below), your use of this site and these Terms and Conditions shall be
governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth
of Virginia (or applicable U.S. intellectual property laws), without
regard to any conflicts of law principles or provisions thereof. The
state and Federal Courts located in the city of Norfolk, within the
Commonwealth of Virginia, shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue
over us (i.e., the parties) for any dispute or claim arising between
us, whether relating to these Terms and Conditions, the site, its
Contents, any Submission, or any of your use of the site, and as a
condition to your access to or use of the site, you hereby irrevocably
waive objection to such jurisdiction and venue. If either party
institutes legal proceedings to enforce these Terms and Conditions,
the prevailing party in any such proceedings shall be entitled to
reimbursement from the other party for its costs and expenses incurred
in such proceedings, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, in addition
to any damages or other remedies available to such party.
Please review our Privacy Policy here. For clarity, you agree
that the Privacy Policy for this site shall be governed and construed
exclusively in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
If a court of competent jurisdiction rules any portion these Terms
and Conditions to be invalid or unenforceable, then that part will be
deemed severable, and such ruling will not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use
of this site for illegal purposes may be provided to law enforcement
authorities. These Terms and Conditions, with the Privacy Policy, are
the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site.
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast reserves the right to interrupt
your access to the site, with or without notice, to perform standard
maintenance and service and any necessary repairs or upgrades, to
respond to any security issues, or to respond to any violation of
these Terms and conditions.  Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast shall
not be liable for any damages or losses incurred as a result of
interruptions in service regardless of the reason for the interruption.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. You may
terminate our agreement and the Terms and Conditions of use at any
time by discontinuing use of the sites and destroying any Contents,
documentation, and copies obtained from all sites of Girl Scouts of
the Colonial Coast.
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast reserves the right at any time to
immediately interrupt or revoke access to the site for any reason. In
addition, access may be revoked if the Girl Scouts of the Colonial
Coast has reason to believe you are providing third parties or
unauthorized persons with access to the site through your
registration, or using the site in a manner inconsistent with the
Terms and Conditions or any Use Policy. Such interruption in access
may be with or without notice.  Please note that Girl Scouts of the
Colonial Coast reserves the right to take down all or a portion of the
site at any time.
Upon termination, you must cease use of this site.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please see contact information in the relevant sections above about
reporting allegations of copyright infringement or other unlawful content.
If you have any questions about our Terms and Conditions generally,
you may contact us at:
Girl Scouts of the Colonial Coast
912 Cedar Road
Chesapeake, VA 23322
Phone: (800) 777-2688
Monday-Friday: 8:30am-4:30pm Eastern Time
E-mail
You may contact us via email at mailto:customercare@gsccc.org.
Send us your question and we will attempt to respond as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated in September 2016. Girl
Scouts of the Colonial Coast may revise these Terms and Conditions at
any time.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Volunteer Connection