https://www.classiczcars.com/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our 3rd Party Connections
We do our best to provide our users with the ultimate in experiences and browsing safety.  Our server uses HTTPS (secure) web pages and we provide connectivity to other websites as a service.  We will never directly sell your information and promise never to spam your email address or use your contact information for sales purposes.  As part of our service we have added the following 3rd party connections to make your experience more useful:
Facebook Connect - An optional service that allows users to post from our site to Facebook.com, login with single sign on (SSO), and link directly to our page on their system.
Twitter - An optional service that allows users to post from our site to Twitter.com, login with SSO, and link directly to our page on their system.
Youtube - An optional service that allows users to post from our site to Youtube.com, login with SSO, and link directly to our page on their system.
Google Adsense - Our primary revenue system that shows relevant ads on our web pages.
Skimlinks - A service that will scan our site and provide links to relevant information on other sites.
Our Cookie Policy
The Classic Zcar Club uses cookies and similar tracking technologies on classiczcars.com (and related sites) and our branded-applications for connected devices ("apps"). By using our websites or apps, you consent to the placement and use of cookies and similar technologies on your device.
Cookie Basics
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your web browser that allows the Classic Zcar Club or a third party to recognize you using a unique identifier.
Who sets them: First-party cookies are set by the Classic Zcar Club. Third-party cookies are set by other companies, such as analytics providers and advertisers.
What they do: "Essential" cookies enable services we offer. "Non-essential" cookies help us understand how our services are being used (i.e., analytics) and deliver advertisements. Some cookies may track you across multiple websites you visit (including ones not operated by us) to help deliver advertisements that may be relevant to you.
How long they last: Cookies may be either "session" or "persistent." A session cookie expires (i.e., is deleted) when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains until it expires or you delete the cookies via your browser settings. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves and may vary in length, depending on the purpose of the cookie.
When you visit our website(s), the Classic Zcar Club and third parties will set cookies in your browser. Classic Zcar Club sets essential cookies to enable certain features and remember your preferences. For example, cookies keep you logged in, allow you to purchase items, and maintain your language and other settings. Third parties set cookies for both essential and non-essential purposes including analytics (e.g., Google Analytics) and advertising (e.g., Google Adsense).
Changing Your Cookie Preferences
You may limit the cookies set in your browser by taking the steps described below. Note that declining cookies may impact your ability to use our services.
Browser settings: You may change your browser’s settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to reject new cookies. To learn more, visit the help pages of your browser:
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
You may also visit our sites in your browser’s "private" or "incognito" mode, in which case cookies will be set, but deleted when you close browser.
Opt-out (EU users): Users from the EU may opt out of non-essential cookies by selecting the option below or changing their cookie preferences in their account settings (registered users only). Upon opting out, we will, to the extent possible, delete any non-essential first-party cookies in your browser and remember your cookie preference for your next visit. Please review your browser settings to remove third-party cookies.
Third party advertising opt-outs: Certain third parties provide ways to opt out of advertising cookies across multiple sites. You can learn more by visiting the sites of the Network Advertising Initiative (https://optout.networkadvertising.org) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (https://www.aboutads.info). In addition, there are third party plug-ins and apps that help manage cookies.
Google cookies: Google provides ways to manage or opt out certain of its advertising cookies (https://adssettings.google.com) and analytics cookies (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You may read Google’s Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Similar Technologies
We use technologies that resemble cookies to help track user activities and preferences. For example, we may use web beacons (tiny graphics with a unique identifier embedded on web pages or emails) to track your activities and communicate with cookies. You cannot opt out of web beacons used on webpages, but you can limit their use by opting out of the cookies they interact with. You can opt out of web beacons used in emails by setting your email client to render emails in text mode only.
Mobile Apps
Our apps (e.g., for iOS & Android) do not use cookies, but may use tracking technologies to, for example, authenticate you as a registered user, allow you to use the app’s features, and help us understand how our apps are being used. You cannot opt out of these mobile tracking technologies, but you may delete your apps and use the web versions of our services instead.
The Classic Zcar Club, 12201 Tukwila International Blvd, Tukwilla, Washington, 98168
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
SendGrid
SendGrid is used by this website to process and deliver emails.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Important Information
By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use.
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue.
I accept