http://www.wineeducators.com/cookie-policy
For existing AWE members only Not a AWE member?
Apply Now
Members Sign In
Sign in to begin browsing the members areas and interracting with the community.
Username
Password
Sign in
Member Resources
Public profile & directory listing
Add your events
Contribute articles
Access to members only information
No Username & Password?
Contact us for access
Members Area
Cookie Policy
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
General statement
AWE fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer on this website will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality.
Collection and use of personal information
AWE does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer. Any information, which you provide in this way, is not made available to any third parties, and is used by AWE only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Your personal data may also be anonymised and used for statistical purposes.
Sign in to your account
Account Login
Username
Password
Sign in
Forgot your password?
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the
AWE Cookie Policy.
Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.