https://www.alpin-ism.com/knowledge-base/vital-information/privacy-policy
Skip to Main ContentISM Is Working Hard To Keep All Our Outdoor Activities Covid Secure #StayAlert
Read More Search ISM:
Search
Home
Knowledge Base
Vital Information
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPlease find information that insures that your privacy is protected.This Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect, how we collect it, and what we do with it. It is available here and via other channels. You must ensure that others you represent are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf.What information we collect and how we collect itWe collect personal data when you visit the ISM website, book a course or contact us via email or any other channel, or subscribe to our newsletter. This data may include your name, contact details including telephone number and email, travel preferences and special/dietary requirements for you and any persons you represent.
Web usage data we collect (while you’re using our website) may also include your IP address, geographical information, browser and operating system and details of your visit to our website (including the pages you visited). We may also collect information about your visit using cookies in your web browser.
We collect your personal data in order to ensure we provide the best possible service. We try our best to provide you with information we think will be of interest or relevant and we’ll only send you newsletters or emails with your permission (you can retract this permission at any time).
How is your personal data secured?We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our clients’ details are stored securely, and accessible only to those individuals who require access. When you subscribe to our newsletter, your information is taken securely over an ‘https’ secure connection, and access to any of your personal data is password protected and restricted solely to individuals who require it. Our website is hosted on servers using security and encryption best practices, with restricted access.
Sharing InformationWe will not pass on your information to any third parties (unless you have booked a trip with us or are required by law to do so). Then we will only share pertinent information about you with companies/individuals providing us with professional services, including accommodation providers, ISM guides/staff.Website Like most websites, our server gathers limited information about you during a session, including the IP address and domain name from which you are accessing the server and your browser configuration. This information is only used to help us improve the content, design and performance of the site, and meet our legal obligations and is not linked to the identity of any individual user.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are transferred to and stored by your browser on your computer.In no circumstances do we collect any data that is not directly related to the use of the website (for example, we do not record other sites that you have visited).
The log files or any information they contain about your use of the site will not be made available to any third parties other than as anonymous usage statistics to analytics providers (Google Analytics), in order to see how users interact with our website and ensure we’re bringing you the best possible experience.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.How long do we retain your information?We won’t keep your data any longer than is necessary. We keep your information for as long as you remain a client. If you’ve asked to receive our newsletter, we’ll keep your details stored for as long as you remain a subscriber. If you’ve given us any other information, we’ll retain this for as long as we need it to continue providing you with a service.Where is your data processed?
Your data may be transferred to third party data processors outside the EEA (European Economic Area). If we do this, we ensure data is granted the same protection that it would if it were processed within the EEA, and that any third party data processors are fully GDPR compliant.
Controlling your Personal InformationYou have many rights pertaining to your personal data and how we use it, including:The right to access to the personal data we hold about youThe right to access information about how your personal data is usedThe right to request correction of inaccurate, out of date or incomplete informationThe right to request deletion of your data, or that we stop processing or collecting itThe right to opt-out of marketing messages if you withdraw consentThe right to request transfer of your personal data to another service providerThe right to submit a complaint to the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office)If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you can email us at ism@alpin-ism.com
Questions, complaints and contactIf you have any questions/feedback about this Privacy Policy or believe any information we hold about you is incorrect, please contact us: Email – ism@alpin-ism.com Telephone: +44 (0)1539 721561This privacy policy was updated on 23/05/2018.
Making Outdoor Activities Covid Secure
Equipment Information
Fully Inclusive Prices
Grand Chalet Hotel
Things to do in Leysin
Insurance Information
Getting to Leysin
Privacy Policy
Payment Information
Booking Conditions
Passport & Visas
Canadian Icefalls Information
Virgin Peaks Expedition Information
Sardinia Trek informationTestimonials For ISMThanks for a fantastic week. It was really one of the best things I have ever done. I learned a lot during the week, not only about climbing technique, but also about attitude.
Lachlan MacGregor
Bernese Oberland 4000ersPlease pass on my very, very sincere thanks to Thomas, Daniel & Christian. They are truly quality people! Patient, understanding, professional, and wonderful ambassadors for your company. I have experienced many guides over my 50 years in climbing and they rank right up there with the very best.
David Hughes
Mont Blanc AscentThe course content was brilliant. No knocking whatsoever. We had Jacky for the duration, and his experience shines through and his leadership. He taught me a lot of things, not just the black and white of things but actually quick methods to overcome tricky situations!
Andy Challenor
Summits & Skills 4000m (Instructional Course)
All Reviews Our Partners