http://www.mechanicadvisor.com/privacy
Mechanic Advisor
Find:
Location:
LOGIN Write a ReviewFind a Repair ShopCommunity
Shop Owners Privacy Policy | Mechanic AdvisorPRIVACY POLICY
This
Privacy Policy was last updated on October 17th, 2013.
Our Policy:
Welcome to the web site (the “Site”) of Mechanic Advisor, Inc. (“Mechanic Advisor”, “we”, “us” and/or
“our”). This Site is operated by Mechanic Advisor and has been created to
provide information about our Mechanic Advisor and to provide an online
information service (the “Mechanic
Advisor Services”) to our Site visitors (“you”, “your”). This Privacy
Policy sets forth Mechanic Advisor’s policy with respect to information
including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other
information that is collected from Site visitors.
Information We Collect:
When
you interact with us through the Site, we may collect Personal Data and other
information from you, as further described below:
Personal
Data That You Provide Through the Site: We collect Personal Data from you when you
voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with
inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Mechanic
Advisor Services or use certain Mechanic Advisor Services. Wherever Mechanic
Advisor collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this
Privacy Policy.
By voluntarily providing us with
Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to this Site, you acknowledge and
agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to
the offices and servers of Mechanic Advisor and the authorized third parties
referred to herein located in the United States.
Other
Information:
Non-Identifiable Data: When
you interact with Mechanic Advisor through the Site, we receive and store
certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is
collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to
specifically identify you. Mechanic Advisor may store such information itself
or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Mechanic
Advisor affiliates, agents or service providers. This Site may use such
information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total
number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our
Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is
important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this
process.
In
operating this Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A
cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Site gives to
your browser when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional
functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately. For
instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access
the Site without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once
during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not
collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you
will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for
information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie
and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on
because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s features.
In addition, this
Site enables the use of the Adobe Flash Player. Adobe’s Flash Player is used by
the vast majority of websites that offer video and other interactive content.
By default, your use of the Adobe Flash Player generates “flash cookies” (also
known as “persistent identification elements” or “local shared objects”). The
Adobe Flash Player (and similar applications) use flash cookies to remember
user settings, preferences and usage similar to the browser cookies referenced
above. You can disable, delete and control the degree to which you accept flash
cookies by accessing your Adobe Flash Player management tools directly through
the settings manager for Adobe Flash. If you do not allow flash cookies to take
any disc space on your computer, you may not be able to take advantage of or
participate in certain features on this Site.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies, flash cookies, and
similar files by Mechanic Advisor only and does not cover the use of cookies,
flash cookies, and similar files by any third-party advertisers or websites
linked to this Site.
Aggregated
Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the
users of the Mechanic Advisor Services, Mechanic Advisor often conducts
research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the
Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be
compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Mechanic Advisor may share
this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This
aggregate information does not identify you personally. Mechanic Advisor may
also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to
current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other
lawful purposes.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information:
Mechanic
Advisor uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with
this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may
use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided.
For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data you
provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide
Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Mechanic Advisor Services, we
will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to
monitor your use of such services. Mechanic Advisor and its subsidiaries and
affiliates (the “Mechanic Advisor Related Companies”) may also use your
Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through
the Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Site, to
better understand our users and to improve the Mechanic Advisor Services. Mechanic
Advisor and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the
future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we
do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you
to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, if at
any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have
your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
If Mechanic Advisor intends on using
any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy
Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at
which the Personal Data is collected.
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information:
Mechanic
Advisor is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this
information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are,
however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with
certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business
Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses
or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization,
dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred
assets.
Related
Companies: We may also share your Personal
Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy
Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third
Parties: Mechanic Advisor, like many businesses, sometimes hires
other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such
functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing
payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature,
we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their
specific function.
Legal
Requirements: Mechanic Advisor may disclose your
Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and
defend the rights or property of Mechanic Advisor, (iii) act in urgent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the
public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Your Choices:
You can use the Site without providing
any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not
be able to use certain Mechanic Advisor Services.
Exclusions:
This Privacy Policy does not apply to
any Personal Data collected by Mechanic Advisor other than Personal Data
collected through the Site. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any
unsolicited information you provide to Mechanic Advisor through this Site or
through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information
posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively,
“Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing
products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited
Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be
non-confidential and Mechanic Advisor shall be free to reproduce, use,
disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without
limitation or attribution.
Children:
Mechanic Advisor does not knowingly
collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the
age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We
encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet
usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children
never to provide Personal Data on this Site without their permission. If you
have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal
Data to Mechanic Advisor through this Site, please contact us, and we will
endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to
Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to the
Site. This Site may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled
by Mechanic Advisor (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we
described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Site
do not imply that Mechanic Advisor endorses or has reviewed the Third Party
Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their
privacy policies.
Security:
Mechanic Advisor takes reasonable steps
to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no
Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In
particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you
should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via
e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Mechanic
Advisor via the Internet.
Other
Terms and Conditions:
Your access to and use of this Site is
subject to the Terms of Use.
Changes
to Mechanic Advisor’s Privacy Policy:
The Site and our business may change
from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Mechanic
Advisor to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Mechanic Advisor reserves the
right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time
without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially
before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on
the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or
revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms
of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access
to Information; Contacting Mechanic Advisor:
To
keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as
specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal
Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Site.
Please also feel free to contact us if
you have any questions about Mechanic Advisor’s Privacy Policy or the
information practices of this Site.
You may contact us as follows: 11
Elkins Street, Suite # 420, Boston, MA 02127
Your California Privacy Rights:
Applicable
California privacy legislation permits visitors who are California residents to
request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request to
access such information, please contact us as follows: 11
Elkins Street, Suite # 420, Boston, MA 02127. Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we
will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to
third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately
preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third
parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve
our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address
specified in this paragraph.
Recent Articles
How to update your Connection Key How to Buy an Extended Car Warranty That Will Actually Pay Off The 5 Ways to Help Avoid Going to the Mechanic I have an idea to improve the App, where should I send this? What happens if I get a new phone? Does my data go away? How do I add a second vehicle to my account? How do I remove a vehicle from my account? Do I need to turn the App on while I'm driving to receive data and alerts? My oil change date is previous to today's date. Why can't I add it in the App? Something is wrong with my vehicle…why isn't Mechanic Advisor picking up on it? How do I add my mechanic to the “Find a Mechanic” section? Was this device made so you don't have to go to the mechanic? What are the features within the Mechanic Advisor product? Can I clear the check engine light? What do I have to do for that? Is there a way for two people to connect to one Connection Key on separate phones? How is Mechanic Advisor different from some other car telematic devices? Will all new vehicles continue to work with the Connection Key? What is a VIN number, and where is it in my car? Can I cancel or change my order? Why don't you have Android available for pre-order?
More Articles
Popular Cities:
Houston
Boulder
Tucson
Alexandria
Austin
San Antonio
Mesa
Hudson
Orlando
Chicago
Tempe
Denver
Santa Cruz
Jacksonville
Tampa
Mechanic Types:
Auto Mechanics
Truck Mechanics
Motorcycle Mechanics
RV Mechanics
Boat Mechanics
Dealerships
Trending Now
Products:
Automotive CRM
Text Messaging
Email Marketing
Postcard Mailing
Automotive Marketing
Scheduling Services
Reputation Management
Repair Shop Telematics
Mobile App
Connection Key for Car Owners
Contact:
Contact
617-765-8187
WE ARE HIRING
© 2020 MechanicAdvisor.com |
Terms of Service
|
Privacy Policy