https://www.goworldtravel.com/terms-and-privacy/
CloseSearch this websiteHome
Destinations
Featured Travel Guides
California Travel Guide
Colorado Travel Guide
Florida Travel Guide
France Travel Guide
Germany Travel Guide
Iceland Travel Guide
India Travel Guide
Ireland Travel Guide
Japan Travel Guide
Scotland Travel Guide
USA Travel Guide
Africa
Botswana
Egypt
Kenya
Mauritania
Mauritius
Morocco
Rwanda
Senegal
Seychelles
South Africa
Tanzania
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Asia
Bangladesh
Burma
Cambodia
China
Indonesia
India
Japan
Kashmir
Korea
Macau
Malaysia
Maldives
Mongolia
Nepal
Philippines
Russia
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Taiwan
Turkmenistan
Vietnam
Australia & South Pacific
American Samoa
Australia
Cook Islands
Fiji
French Polynesia
Micronesia
New Zealand
Solomon Islands
Caribbean
Antigua
Aruba
Bahamas
Bermuda
Cayman Islands
Dominican Republic
Jamaica
Puerto Rico
Turks and Caicos
U.S. Virgin Islands
Europe
Albania
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Greenland
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Scotland
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
Mexico & Central America
Belize
Costa Rica
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Mexico
Panama
Middle East
Egypt
Israel
Jordan
United Arab Emirates
Yemen
South America
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela
US & Canada
Canada
United States
Experiences
Blogs
Travel Bloggers
Latest Travel Blogs
Travel Writing Blog
Video
About
About Go World Travel
Advertise on Go World Travel Magazine
Travel Advertising Blog
Contact
Shop
Menu Skip to left header navigation Skip to right header navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerCopyright Notice:
The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law and cannot be used without expressed written permission.
Website Terms & Conditions of Use
This site is a collaborative site written by a group of individuals. For questions about this travel website, please contact  [email protected].
Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the GoWorldTravel.com Privacy Policy
1. Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
If you choose to sign up for our newsletter by voluntarily agreeing to subscribe, we will only collect, with information you provide and agree to, the following: Email Address. You may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by following the link provided in the signup email. You may request that you information is deleted and forgotten at any time.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and only with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
The Use of Cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers’; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent – You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.
Centro, Inc. – You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc. – You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant. LLC – You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
Other Terms and Disclaimers:
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Disclaimer
The materials on this website are provided for “as is.” Go World Communications ( hereafter known as “GWC”) and GoWorldTravel.com (GWT) makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, GWC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
The views and opinions expressed on this website are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of GWC or its agents.
4. Limitations
In no event shall GWC/GWT nor its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on this Internet site, even if GWC/GWT or a GWC/GWT authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on this website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. GWC/GWT does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. GWC/GWT may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. GWC/GWT does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
GWC/GWT has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by GWC/GWT of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
GWC/GWT may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to this website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Colorado without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
9. Disclaimer Regarding Advertising Partner Bookings
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY – GoWorldTravel.com (“GWT”) is a publicly accessible Internet-based publication owned by Go World Communications (“GWC”), and does not sell or provide travel services. GWC/GWT is acting as a mere advertising platform for various travel providers, and shall not be responsible for breach of contract of any intentional or careless actions or omissions on part of such suppliers, which result in any loss, damage, delay, or injury to you or your travel companions or group members.
On our pages, GWC/GWT offers a direct link to forward you to the booking pages of our advertisers, the respective providers. GWC/GWT offers a link to the travel provider’s booking listing, where you can buy the appropriate tickets or make bookings.
Customer acknowledges that all transactions and contracts for the booked travel products (bookings or reservations) will solely be concluded between you and the relevant provider. Only the terms and conditions of the respective provider apply. In case you cancel your travel and withdraw from the contract, the costs incurred vary according to terms and conditions of the third-party providers. Cancellation and withdrawal must be declared towards the relevant third-party provider.
GWC/GWT gives no warranties, guarantees or representations as to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of such information provided by any third party. GWC/GWT is not responsible for actual and faultless performance or execution of the booked travels or connections from third parties. GWC/GWT provides no representations or warranties regarding the information, products or services of a third-party provider.
Customer acknowledges that GWC/GWT and its employers and officers are not liable in any way for any breach of contract of any intentional or careless actions or omissions on part of such suppliers, which result in any loss, damage, delay, or injury to you or your travel companions or group members.
Primary SidebarAbout Go World Travel Magazine
For travelers, adventurers and explorers. A top travel website for those who have a passion to explore destinations around the globe. Read More about “About”…
Follow Go World Travel
FacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
Latest Posts
Footer
Navigation
Destinations
Experiences
Travel Blogs
Video
About
Contact
Advertise
Destinations
France
Germany
Iceland
Scotland
USA
Florida
California
Categories
Adventure Travel
Family travel
Island Travel
Beach Vacations
Romantic Travel
Travel Resources
Travel Tips
Budget Travel
Cruising
Cultural Travel
Travel Writing Blog
For Travelers, Adventurers, Explorers & NomadsGet our latest stories on travel around the world delivered once a month to your inbox. Happy travels!
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm your subscription.
Love travel? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for daily travel inspiration.
We will use the information you provided to email our newsletter as requested. Unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email. By subscribing, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
For World Travelers & AdventurersGet our latest stories on travel around the world delivered once a month to your inbox. Happy travels!
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm your subscription.
Love travel? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for daily travel inspiration.
We will use the information you provided to email our newsletter as requested. Unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email. By subscribing, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.
World Travel Magazine for Travelers, Adventurers & ExplorersGet our latest stories on travel around the world delivered once a month to your inbox. Happy travels!
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm your subscription.
Love travel? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for daily travel inspiration.
We will use the information you provided to email our newsletter as requested. Unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email. By subscribing, you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.