https://www.wonderfulbali.com/privacy-policy/
HomeBali PicturesBali ArticlesBali MapsBali CeremoniesBali Hotels
This privacy policy sets out how Wonderful Bali uses and protects any information that you give Wonderful Bali when you use this website.
Wonderful Bali is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Wonderful Bali may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 2015.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
other information relevant to online reservations or contact forms
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our services.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies help analyse web traffic. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Index of articles
Choose an article
Bali Airport - Ngurah Rai Denpasar
Bali Barat National Park
Bali Dance
Bali Diving
Bali Jungle Trekking
Bali Map
Bali Priests
Bali Roadmaps
Bali Sunsets
Bali Water Palace Tirtagangga
Bali Wildlife
Batur Volcano and Lake Batur
Budha Kliwon
Ceningan island
Central Bali
Central Bali Map
Crystal Bay - Nusa Penida
East Bali
East Bali Map
Food of Bali
Galungan
Girls of Bali
Kajeng Kliwon
Kintamani, the Roof of Bali
Legian map
Lembongan island
Lontar Bali
Lontar Library Gedong Kirtya Singaraja
Lovina Beach
Menjangan Island
Mount Agung Eruption
North Bali
North Bali Map
Nusa Penida
Nusa Penida Map
Old Bali Pictures
People of Bali
Royal Palace Singaraja
Saraswati Day
Singaraja
Singaraja Map
South Bali
South Bali Map
Taman Ayun Temple
Tampaksiring, Valley of the kings
Trunyan, traditional Bali village
Tumpek Landep
Turtle Hatchery Pemuteran
Ulun Danu Temple Batur
West Bali
West Bali Map
Rambutan a Boutique HotelAdirama Beach Hotel
Ganesha Bali Coral Reef Villas