http://www.biosphere-expeditions.org/terms
Biosphere Expeditions
MenuHomeEnglishDeutschFrancaisExpeditionsExpeditions list & availabilityExpeditions map & historic projects----- Current expeditions -----ARABIA (UAE) | Oryx, wildcat, desert species | Jan/Feb | 8 daysARMENIA | Leopard, lynx, bear, wolf etc | Jul | 13 daysAZORES (Portugal) | Whales & dolphins | Apr | 10 daysCOSTA RICA | Sea turtles | May | 8 daysGERMANY | Wolf | Jun/Jul | 7 daysKENYA | Big Five and others | Feb | 12 daysMALAWI | Cats, elephants, primates et al. | Sep/Oct | 13 daysMALDIVES | Coral reef & whale sharks | Aug | 7 daysSOUTH AFRICA | Leopards & biodiversity | Dec | 13 daysSWEDEN | Brown bear | Jun | 8 daysTHAILAND | Elephant | Nov | 9 daysTIEN SHAN (Kyrgyzstan) | Snow leopard | Jul/Aug | 13 daysCampaignsCORONAVIRUS APPEAL!Be (radically) greenDo more!Beat the volunteer charlatansEventsDo moreCORONAVIRUS APPEAL!Do more summaryBecome a FriendMake a donationPlacements & home projectsFundraising & taxBe (radically) greenAchievementsAwards & accreditationsWildlife & habitat conservationCapacity-building & jobsEducation & awarenessScientific reports & publicationsAboutFAQsPeople & historyNon-profit statusMission & policiesTestimonials & storiesPartnersOutreach networkContactMediaNews & press releasesMedia coverageAnnual MagazineBlogs & diariesSocial mediaYouTube channel
Search
Search
Newsletter
Biosphere Expeditions
Terms & conditions
CORONAVIRUS: APPEAL | HOW SIGNING UP TO EXPEDITIONS IN 2021 WORKS | BLOG & NEWS
Here is how our signup process and the running of expeditions works during the pandemic:
We realise that forward planning is very difficult at the moment. This is why we are handling signups and deferment very flexibly so that nobody misses or loses out. In practice this means that our terms & conditions under "Terms & conditions of Biosphere Expeditions Ltd. (Ireland)" as below apply. The relevant sections are under the headings " 4. Withdrawal by you" and "5. Change to expedition or cancellation by us". In particular, and under pandemic conditions, this means that if we cannot run an expedition if the coronavirus situation does not allow us to do so at the time, then we will offer an alternative date to everyone signed up already and apply deposits paid to this new date, which will usually be around the same time the year after. The same applies if we do not have enough people signed up to an expedition to be able to run it. In addition, next to the offer of deferring to the same expedition at a later date, we will also offer those already signed up the option to sign up to any other expedition on our portfolio for up to two years after the original expedition date. These deferment terms will be handled very flexibly so that nobody misses or loses out. This means that you can take whatever time you need to tell us which expedition you would like to defer to, should this be necessary. If we do need to defer, we will tell everyone in good time, which means two months or more in advance. We also strongly recommend cancellation insurance for everyone, as we have always done and as stated in the dossier, on the invoice, etc. We do not offer this insurance ourselves, as we are not an insurance company, but there are many commercial options out there.
Terms & conditions of Biosphere Expeditions Ltd. (Ireland)
0. Introduction, philosophy and risk management
0.1. We strive to make joining Biosphere Expeditions a unique experience. Before completing a joining form, please read this information carefully. Much of it is already contained in our information materials, but we are summarising it here in an effort to convey to everyone in a clear, understandable and honest way the terms and conditions under which we operate: what you can expect from us, what we can expect from you, what your rights are, and what our rights are. Before joining you should fully understand the nature of the services and facilities we provide. To do this you should read the information below in conjunction with any other material pertaining to the experience you want to join. If at any time you have any questions at all, please just ask.
0.2. Many of our experiences visit distant and challenging parts of the world, often in remote regions of developing countries. Everything we do involves a certain degree of risk, which varies from experience to experience. Where we work, the unexpected is often the norm and it is important to realise that the most carefully laid plans can go wrong. Unlike many holiday services calling themselves ‘expeditions’, true expedition work is by its very nature unpredictable. Emergency and health services, local infrastructure and services, transport and accommodation on our experiences are often very unlikely to be of western standard. Internal flights can be delayed or cancelled, local helpers may be unreliable, the behaviour and movements of wildlife will be hard to predict, and the weather and research work may cause you some discomfort.
0.3. It is therefore essential that those who join our experiences do so with a positive frame of mind and a sense of humour. The published itineraries of our experiences, the research work and the wildlife we are likely to encounter should be seen as statements of intent, rather than contractual obligations and we reserve the right to vary the itineraries. Our aim is to offer enjoyable and challenging experiences whilst making the safety and welfare of participants our highest priority.
0.4. Our leaders are responsible for the safe and efficient running of our experiences, and the supervision of safety, health and hygiene. Achieving research aims is one of our highest priorities, but no experience can be considered successful unless it is also conducted responsibly, safely and harmoniously, and with regard for the environment. We aim to assist participants to realise their individual ambitions within the limits of these conditions and acceptable risk. Safety of participants and protection of the environment is paramount. Achieving research aims is desirable. We advise you to read carefully the description of the experience before applying to join. If you are unsure about anything, you can contact our offices and/or you can order a detailed briefing.
0.5. By signing the joining form or submitting it online, you agree to participate in the experience’s activities at your own risk and to ensure that you have adequate travel and medical insurance to cover all normal travel risks and any additional risks mentioned in our information materials, including these Terms and Conditions. You agree that you have read and understood our Terms and Conditions and agree to abide by them.
1. Terms used
1.1. These Terms and Conditions apply to all experiences provided by Biosphere Expeditions. "Biosphere Expeditions", "we", "us" and "our" refers to Biosphere Expeditions Ltd., a non-profit social enterprise registered in Dublin, registration number 601133.
1.2. When we mention “experiences” below, we mean our projects, expeditions, experience days, events and any other ventures and experiences that we offer.
1.3. "You" and "yours" means all the persons named on any joining form, or any one of them as the context requires (including anyone added or substituted at a later date). The "lead name" is the person who submitted the joining form on behalf of everyone participating in an experience.
1.4. "Force majeure" means any event or circumstances which we could not, even with all due care, foresee or avoid. Such events may include (but are not limited to) actual or threatened war, riot, civil strife or political upheaval, terrorist activity, industrial dispute, natural or nuclear or health disasters or crises, adverse weather or road conditions, fire, bureaucratic obstacles, changes in schedules or mode of transport by ferry companies, airlines, bus or train operators and all similar events outside our control.
2. Signing yourself up to an experience
2.1. Please read the Terms and Conditions below carefully. When you sign a joining form or fill one in online, you (and any other person on whose behalf you complete the joining form) agree to accept all of these conditions and you acknowledge that you have read these and the relevant information materials, and agree to the matters set out in the Assumption of Risk and Waiver of Liability below. You also warrant that the information provided by you on the joining form is complete and true. When you complete a joining form and send it to us with a deposit or full payment, and we accept your joining form, a legally binding contract is formed between you and us, on the terms of these Terms and Conditions. A contract will exist as soon as we issue our confirmation note. After receipt of your joining form, we will send you a confirmation and information, which will help you prepare for the experience.
2.2. You must be 18 years old at the time of completing the joining form and possess the legal capacity and authority to join and travel on an experience with us. Any joining form for a person under 18 must be completed and signed by their parent or legal guardian. Whether you join alone or as a group, we will only deal with the lead name in subsequent correspondence, including changes, amendments and cancellations. The lead name is responsible for ensuring the accuracy of all personal details and any other information supplied to us in respect of all persons travelling, and for passing on any information provided by us regarding the experience or any changes made to it.
2.3. Please check any documentation which you receive carefully as soon as you receive it. Contact us immediately if any information, which appears on the invoice, confirmation or any other document appears to be incorrect or incomplete.
3. Payment
3.1. The contribution due for each experience and (if applicable) the amount of any deposit are advertised on our website, alongside the relevant currency and payment methods. Deposits are always non-refundable.
3.2. If you are joining an experience where a non-refundable deposit payment is due on completing the joining form and a balance payment is due subsequently, then with your confirmation notice we will send you a final invoice for your balance payment. This should be paid by the due date shown on the invoice.
3.3. If you join an experience within four weeks of its departure, you should send the full contribution with your joining form.
3.4. If any balance is not paid by the due date, we reserve the right to cancel your place and apply cancellation charges and interest, unless a payment delay has been agreed with Biosphere Expeditions in writing. Payments can be made by cheque, bank transfer or credit and debit card. By submitting your debit or credit card details you are agreeing to have your card charged to settle any outstanding balance by or at any time after the due date given on your invoice.
4. Withdrawal by you
4.1. If you want to withdraw from participating in an experience, you must do so in writing. Your cancellation will take effect from the date we receive your written confirmation. Cancellation charges may apply. The details below set out the number of days prior to the date on which your balance payment is due (as shown on your invoice) that we receive written notice of your withdrawal, and the percentage of the total cost that will be payable as cancellation charges. Days > % Charge | More than 100 > Loss of deposit only (all deposits are non-refundable) | 99 to 50 > 50% | 49 to 21 > 90% | 20 or fewer > 100%.
4.2. The charges we retain are intended to cover advance payments and purchases we have made in the host country and/or with our field stations and scientists. Charges will always be applied, irrespective of the circumstances of the withdrawal. Please note that it is your responsibility to protect yourself against such charges by taking out adequate travel insurance.
4.3. If you fail to arrive at the assembly point in time and as a result miss taking part in the experience, no refund or compensation will be given. No refunds will be made in respect of your contribution (or compensation in respect of any independent travel arrangements) if you leave an experience for any reason after the experience has begun. Once an experience has departed, no refund or compensation will be given for any unused accommodation, travel or any other feature referred to in the itinerary.
5. Change to expedition or cancellation by us
5.1. We plan our experiences many months in advance and may have to make changes to our itineraries. We reserve the right to do so at any time. It is in the nature of an experience of this kind that arrangements and participants have to be flexible and it is a necessary condition of your joining any of our experiences that you accept this flexibility. In the case of changes other than significant ones, you will have no entitlement to cancel without penalty.
5.2. If a significant change becomes necessary prior to departure, we will advise you of the change as soon as possible. Whether a change is ‘significant’ depends on the nature of the experience and may include alteration to the scheduled start or end date of the experience by more than 12 hours (but not a flight delay). When a significant change occurs, you will have the choice of either accepting the change, or cancelling your experience, in which case we shall refund you in full. If the significant change is due to force majeure as defined above and if an identical or similar experience is offered within 20 months, then you will only have the option to defer payments already made to this identical or similar experience. In all cases, no compensation will be payable.
5.3. We reserve the right to cancel an experience at any time and for any reason. In particular, if the minimum number of participants required is not reached, we may have to cancel (see section 6 below). In the unlikely event that an experience has to be cancelled by Biosphere Expeditions, you will be notified as soon as possible and (subject to clause 5.4 below) all monies you have paid to us will be refunded. An experience is not cancelled if an identical or similar experience is offered within 20 months, in which case you will only have the option to defer payments already made to this identical or similar experience. In all cases, no compensation will be payable.
5.4. We do not accept liability for any loss arising from our cancellation or from your withdrawal, including non-refundable or penalty-carrying airline tickets or other travel costs, special clothing and equipment, visa, passport and vaccination fees, or other expenses related to the experience which you have incurred. Please note that it is your responsibility to protect yourself against airline and travel agency cancellation to and from the assembly point by taking out adequate travel insurance.
5.5. Our published itineraries and any statements about our planned research work and the wildlife we are likely to encounter should be seen as statements of intent, rather than contractual obligations. During the experience, a variety of factors including (but not limited to) political instability, war, transport difficulties, strikes, sickness, quarantine, local regulations, weather conditions, natural disasters, wildlife behaviour and movements, and other force majeure events may cause us to alter the stated itinerary, and/or incur additional expenses, and/or prevent you from seeing the species and habitats under investigation. If the experience is affected by these unforeseen events, the leader will consult the participants where appropriate and make any necessary changes, but you will be responsible for any additional expenses incurred, which, depending on the circumstances, may be recoverable on your travel insurance. We will endeavour to keep changes to a minimum, but if they are necessary they will always be made with the aims of the experience, as well as the enjoyment and welfare of the participants in mind. We will not be liable for any losses arising from changes or delays caused by any of the above factors. If, for reasons for force majeure, we have to cut short the experience, no refund or compensation will be made for any unused service or feature of the trip.
6. Insufficient numbers, small teams and surcharge policy
6.1. We aim to operate every experience within the contribution advertised. In order to keep our contributions low and research teams small, we operate with very small margins and are thus unable to absorb large cost and/or currency fluctuations. On the rare occasion of a significant increase in the price of products (e.g. fuel & equipment prices), services (e.g. research & access permits, helicopter airlifts), or exchange rates, we may consider it necessary to pass a proportion of this increase to participants. Any such increase will be notified to you as soon as we have the information. If this surcharge exceeds 10% of the contribution advertised, you may withdraw from the experience within 7 days of receiving notification and receive a full refund.
6.2. In order to minimise environmental impact and maximise research efficiency, Biosphere Expeditions only operates small teams with a dedicated leader. If the minimum team size is not reached, we reserve the right to add up to a 10% surcharge to the contribution. We reserve the right to cancel any experience for which we do not have a large enough team (even with an additional surcharge) to make the experience economically viable.
6.3. If there are any problems of the sort described above, we will consult with all participants. Such issues occur very rarely and most problems are apparent before the balance of the expedition contribution is due, so there is usually plenty of time for participants to consider changed circumstances.
7. Inclusions and exclusions
7.1. Biosphere Expeditions will provide all the arrangements and services as detailed below from and to the assembly point in the host country. The published contribution does not include travel to and away from the assembly point. It is the responsibility of each participant to make their own way to the assembly point in time for the advertised meeting date and time. We insist on punctuality and do not accept liability for any loss arising from failure to arrive at the assembly point on time.
7.2. The published contribution for your experience includes all of the below, where applicable: travel from and to the assembly point • all accommodation and base camp facilities • all meals and provisions • access to specialist research equipment • all research permit and access fees • the services of local researchers and helpers • the services of the leader • any other services or goods specifically mentioned in the experience dossiers or briefings.
7.3. The published contribution does not include the following: visa and vaccination costs • personal travel & medical insurance • personal (alcoholic) drinks • telephone calls and internet access • airport taxes • private trips and excursions • anything else not specifically included.
8. Experience and fitness required
8.1. Our experiences are for everyone and there are usually no special skills (biological or otherwise) required other than the ability to communicate in English. If there are special skills required (e.g. a diving qualification), this will be clearly stated in the relevant information materials and on our website. If you are disabled, please contact us to find out about the suitability of the experience of your choice. We ask everyone to tell us what they think they can bring to the expedition so that we can make the best use of the team's skills and experience. Some degree of fitness is required, but if you are healthy and enjoy the outdoors, your fitness level should normally be sufficient. Some experiences require a higher level of fitness, and if so this will be clearly stated.
9. Medical
9.1. It is the responsibility of each participant to seek professional medical and if appropriate dental advice prior to departure and to be aware of and take all necessary health precautions. In particular you must comply with all advice from the relevant authorities and health professionals regarding vaccinations, inoculations and other medical and dental precautions. Health requirements and recommendations may change and you must check the up to date position in good time prior to departure.
9.2. If you have an existing or previous illness/disability which could affect your mental or physical condition during the expedition you must consult your doctor about your suitability to join the expedition. You must also inform Biosphere Expeditions of any such pre-existing condition. We reserve the right at any time prior to departure to insist that you provide a medical certificate as documentary proof of your suitability to join the experience.
9.3. If you are found to have an undeclared or understated medical condition (whether physical or mental) after departure, the leader may require you to seek medical advice. If you refuse to do so, or refuse to follow such advice, the leader may require you to leave the experience. If in the opinion of the leader your health is at risk, or you are putting the health of any other participant at risk, the leader is entitled to require you to leave the experience, or to require that you not undertake specified activities, or to authorise your immediate evacuation and repatriation. In such circumstances, there will be no refund of the experience cost, and we (and the leader) will accept no liability for any losses or expenses you incur. We reserve the right to recover any costs we incur, for example in connection with your evacuation and repatriation.
10. Paperwork and tickets
10.1. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are in possession of all necessary documents for the experience, including (but not limited to) valid visas, valid vaccination certificates, travel tickets to take you to the assembly point on time, and a passport with at least six months validity beyond the date of your return travel (as some countries now insist on this). If you expect to have to renew your passport and your vaccinations before departure, you should allow plenty of time to do so.
10.1. In some cases we must notify the authorities of the host country of the whole team's passport and vaccination details. Discrepancies may result in delays to the team, fines to the individuals involved, or in the worst case cancellation of all research and access permits. In such cases we reserve the right to recover costs from the individuals involved. Your experience dossier or briefing will contain details of visa and vaccination requirements, but this information is provided without responsibility and as set out above you are responsible for ensuring you have the correct travel and vaccination documentation, if applicable.
11. Leaders, conduct and observing the law
11.1. Our experiences may take teams to remote and potentially dangerous places and the role of the leader is to oversee the safe conduct of the experience and well-being of all participants, in the interests of the team as a whole. Our leaders have considerable experience, which they use to facilitate the safe achievement of the stated aims of the experience. However, no proportion of the contribution is in relation to, or in return for, professional instructing or guiding services. You acknowledge your personal responsibility for your own welfare at all times by signing the appropriate joining form or submitting it online.
11.2. Our leaders will seek to ensure that any problems are solved in the best interests of the team. You accept the leader's authority to make decisions affecting the safe conduct of the experience and individual participants. You agree to comply with the leader’s instructions and with the laws and regulations of the host country. If you disregard these instructions and laws (in particular unlawful possession of drugs or firearms), you will be removed from the expedition.
11.3. The decision of the leader as to the conduct, itinerary, and objectives of the experience and its members, and in respect of any disputes within the team, is final. The leader may require an individual to leave the experience or to be confined to camp if in the leader's judgment the actions of that individual puts their own health and safety at risk, or jeopardises the safety, enjoyment or welfare of the team, or jeopardises the expedition's research aims and objectives, or puts the welfare of wildlife or habitats at risk.
11.4. Where you are asked to leave an expedition, or are confined to camp, in the circumstances described above, there will be no refund of the experience cost, and we (and the leader) will accept no liability for any losses or expenses you incur as a result. We reserve the right to recover any costs we incur as a result of your breach of this clause 11.
12. Insurance
12.1. Once you join an expedition, it is compulsory that you purchase a suitable travel insurance policy, which covers you fully for the activities detailed in the experience dossier or briefing, and provides cover for medical expenses, emergency medical repatriation, and loss and damage to your personal effects. You should ensure that your policy covers you for adventurous activities and/or light manual work. You are required to carry proof of insurance with you and produce it if requested by our employees or suppliers. We reserve the right to remove you from the team at any time if you fail to provide us with evidence of adequate travel insurance cover when asked to do so.
12.2. We also strongly advise you to obtain, immediately upon joining an experience, insurance that will cover you for any withdrawal charges (as per clause 4.1) that may be due in case you have to withdraw from the experience
13. Equipment
13.1. All communal and group equipment such as research tools, GPSs, tents, cooking equipment, medical kit, etc. will be provided by Biosphere Expeditions. You will receive full training on any specialised equipment you are asked to use. You will need to provide your own clothing and personal equipment. A detailed list of personal clothing and equipment required will be sent to you as part of the dossier or briefing about your experience.
13.2. If you cause damage or loss to any equipment belonging to Biosphere Expeditions by your carelessness, negligence or improper use, we may recover that damage or loss from you if we consider it reasonable to do so. Depending on the circumstances, you may be able to recover this loss from your travel insurance.
14. Transport
14.1. Our experiences typically involve transport of some sort (vehicles, boats, helicopters and other aircraft, etc.). By signing the joining form or submitting it online, you accept that the standards of safety on such vehicles and, for example, on local roads, may not be as high as those required in your home country. Please also see section 15 below in relation to the matters for which we do and do not accept liability.
14.2. We may also ask you to drive vehicles and/or support the experience by using your own vehicle to transport yourself and other participants. You are not required to drive any vehicle but, if you do so, then you agree that you will • Drive any vehicle in a safe and responsible manner, as if it was your own, and not engage in any race or unsafe driving • Not operate the vehicle in an unsafe and negligent manner • comply with all applicable speed limits and obey all rules and regulations with respect to the operation of a motor vehicle • Be responsible for all costs incurred due to traffic offences while the vehicle is under your control • Not allow passengers to ride anywhere other than in the interior or loading platform of the vehicle • Not use the vehicle for any illegal purpose • Not permit the vehicle to be operated by any other person not authorised to drive by Biosphere Expeditions • At no time operate the vehicle whilst under the influence of alcohol or drugs.
14.3. You also agree to fully indemnify Biosphere Expeditions for any and all loss of or damage we suffer arising out of any breach by you of clause 14.2 above.
15. Liability
15.1. Biosphere Expeditions takes overall responsibility for the organisation, logistical and research arrangements of your experience, as well as providing overall leadership. However, we provide experiences in countries where standards of accommodation, transport, safety, hygiene, medical facilities and other infrastructure are almost always lower than those you normally expect in your home country. Your application to join an experience is accepted on the understanding that you recognise and accept the hazards involved in this kind of experience, including injury, disease, loss or damage to property, inconvenience and discomfort.
15.2. Our obligations, and those of any of our suppliers who provide any service or facility included in the experience, are to take reasonable skill and care to arrange for the provision of such services and facilities. You must show that reasonable skill and care has not been used if you wish to make any claim. The services and facilities included in your experience will be deemed to be provided with reasonable skill and care if they comply with any applicable local regulations.
15.3. If you suffer injury, illness or death directly as a result of the services provided as part of your experience we may make a payment to you. However, we shall have no liability where the cause of any death or personal injury you may suffer is not due to any fault on our part or that of our agents or suppliers, because it is (a) your own fault, or (b) attributable to an event or circumstance which could not have been foreseen or avoided event if all necessary and reasonable care had been taken.
15.4. Our liability, except in cases involving death, injury or illness, shall be limited to a maximum of two times the cost of the experience. We shall have no liability where any failure to provide, or any failure in your experience, is attributable to the factors mentioned at clause 15.3. (a) and (b) above. Our liability in all cases will be limited in accordance with and/or in an identical manner to any relevant international convention which applies to, or governs, any of the services or facilities included in your experience. International Conventions which may apply include, without limitation: in respect of international air travel, the Warsaw Convention 1929 (as amended) or the Montreal Convention 1999; in respect of rail travel, the Berne Convention 1961; in respect of carriage by sea, the Athens Convention 1974; in respect of carriage by road, the Geneva Convention 1973; and, in respect of hotels, the Paris Convention 1962. This means that we are to be regarded as having all benefit of any limitations of compensation contained in any of these Conventions or any other international conventions applicable to your experience. Other than as set out above, and as detailed elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions, we shall have no legal liability whatsoever to you for any loss or damage.
15.5. If you purchase any optional activities that are not part of your itinerary, the contract for the provision of that activity will be between you and the activity provider. The decision to partake in any such activity is entirely at your own discretion and risk.
16. Single facilities
16.1. Our costs are based on two or more people sharing. We can sometimes provide single facilities, but there may be an extra charge involved. This will become apparent as the expedition team recruits itself. Please notify us of your requirements when applying to join.
17. Complaints
17.1. It is our sincere hope that the experience you join will live up to your expectations. However, if you have cause for complaint during the experience you must bring it to the attention of the leader who will do his/her best to rectify the situation. We cannot take action and try to make your experience more enjoyable if you take no action during the experience, but only write a letter of complaint upon your return.
17.2. If a problem is brought to the attention of the leader, but remains unsolved, you should write a letter of complaint within 28 days of your return. Subject to clause 15.3. above, we do not accept any liability in relation to any complaint if you fail to notify us strictly in accordance with the provisions above.
17.3. Remember that our expeditions are real scientific research expeditions, not tours. Biosphere Expeditions makes every effort to describe accurately field conditions in its publications and verbally, but field work in what are often remote and challenging places is a delicate business, and prone to last-minute changes. We accept this as part of what makes joining Biosphere Expeditions a unique experience. We are not in the package holiday business, so if that is what you want, best look elsewhere.
18. Jurisdiction and choice of law
18.1. This agreement shall be subject to and governed by Irish law and any disputes arising out of or in connection with it shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.
19. Variation
19.1. These terms and conditions are subject to reasonable change without prior notice. The terms and conditions displayed at www.biosphere-expeditions.org/terms shall at all times be considered the binding terms and conditions irrespective of other terms and conditions in circulation.
20. Use of images
20.1. Any likeness or image of you taken on any of our holidays may be used by us without charge in all media for promotional, marketing or illustrative purposes, including without limitation promotional materials such as brochures, slides or video shows, and on our internet site or social media profiles, and as an illustration in scientific publications. Any written feedback supplied to the company may also be used for promotional purposes in such materials.
21. Assumption of Risk and Waiver of Liability
21.1. I affirm that I am aware that taking part in an experience with Biosphere Expeditions has inherent risks, which may result in serious injury or death. I further understand that these experiences may be conducted at a site that is remote, either by time or distance or both, from medical services. I still choose to proceed with the experience with Biosphere Expeditions despite the above.
21.2. I understand and agree that neither Biosphere Expeditions, nor its employees, officers, agents, contractors or assigns (‘‘Released Parties’’) may be held liable or responsible in any way for any injury, death, or other damages to me, my family, estate, heirs or assigns that may occur as a result of my participation in this experience (save in respect of injury or death caused by their negligence). In consideration of being allowed to participate in the experience with Biosphere Expeditions, I hereby personally assume all risks of this experience, whether foreseen or unforeseen, that may befall me while I am a participant in the experience, or whilst I am travelling to the experience or back from it. I further release, exempt and hold harmless Biosphere Expeditions and the Released Parties from any claim or lawsuit by me, my family, estate, heirs, or assigns, arising out of my participation in this experience including both claims arising during the experience or after (save in respect of injury or death caused by their negligence).
21.3. I also understand that the experience may (if so specified in the experience dossier) involve physically strenuous activities and that I may be exerting myself during the experience, and that if I am injured as a result of a heart attack, panic, hyperventilation, drowning or any other cause, that I expressly assume the risk of said injuries and that I will not hold the Released Parties responsible for the same (save in respect of injury or death caused by their negligence).
21.4. I further state that I am of lawful age and legally competent to accept this liability release, or that I have acquired the written consent of my parent or guardian. I understand the terms herein are contractual and not a mere recital, and that I have agreed to this document of my own free act and with the knowledge that I hereby agree to this waiver of liability.
21.5. I further agree if any provision of this agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be severed from this agreement. The remainder of this agreement will then be construed as though the unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.
21.6. I agree to exempt and release Biosphere Expeditions and the Released Parties from all liability or responsibility whatsoever for personal injury, property damage or wrongful death however caused (save in respect of injury or death caused by their negligence, and save as otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions). I have fully informed myself of the contents of this liability release and assumption of risk agreement by reading it before I accepted it on behalf of myself and my heirs. I accept that completing a joining form for the experience, either online or as a hard copy, is regarded as signing and accepting this liability release and assumption of risk agreement.
© Biosphere Expeditions
AGB für Schnuppertage in Deutschland
Diese AGB gelten für Schnuppertage, die in Deutschland durchgeführt werden.
1. Vertragsschluss 1.1. Mit Ihrer schriftlichen Anmeldung und der Einverständniserklärung zu den Reisebedingungen bieten Sie Biosphere Expeditions Ltd. (im folgenden „Biosphere Expeditions“ genannt) verbindlich den Abschluss eines Reisevertrags an. Der Reisevertrag kommt durch Ihre schriftliche Anmeldung zustande. Schriftlich in diesem Sinne beinhaltet auch per E-Mail oder Webseitenformular. Wenn Sie dritte Personen anmelden, haften Sie auch für den Reisepreis der/s Mitreisenden. Anmeldeschluss ist bis unmittelbar vor Beginn des Schnuppertages (im folgenden „Reise“ genannt).2. Leistung 2.1. Die von Biosphere Expeditions vertraglich geschuldeten Leistungen ergeben sich ausschließlich aus der Ausschreibung (Dossier) und allen darin enthaltenen Hinweisen und Erläuterungen und aus den Angaben im Anmeldeformular. Die Art des Reisekonzeptes impliziert einheimische, landestypische Räumlichkeiten und Serviceleistungen. Abweichungen einzelner Leistungen sind gestattet, soweit diese nicht erheblich sind und den Gesamtzuschnitt der Reise nicht beeinträchtigen. Eine etwaige Nennung der Reiseleitung ist unverbindlich.3. Zahlung, Rücktritt & Absage  3.1. Bei Anmeldung sind €65 Anmeldegebühr per Banküberweisung zu entrichten. Andere Zahlungsformen sind leider nicht möglich. Die Anmeldegebühr wird bei Nichtantritt bzw. Rücktritt von der Reise durch die angemeldete Person nicht zurückerstattet.3.2. Wir behalten uns das Recht vor, eine Veranstaltung bei zu geringer Teilnehmerzahl abzusagen. In diesem Fall werden den bereits angemeldeten Personen sämtliche bereits bezahlten Anmeldegebühren rückerstattet. 4. Preisänderung 4.1. Biosphere Expeditions behält sich vor, die ausgeschriebenen und mit der Buchung bestätigten Preise im Falle der Erhöhung der Kosten oder der Abgaben für bestimmte Leistungen oder einer Änderung der für die betreffende Reise geltenden Wechselkurse in dem Umfang zu ändern, wie sich die Erhöhung der Kosten oder Abgaben für bestimmte Leistungen pro Person auf den Reisepreis auswirken. Von einer nachträglichen Änderung der Reisekosten werden Sie unverzüglich in Kenntnis gesetzt, spätestens jedoch 7 Tage vor Reiseantritt. Nach diesem Zeitpunkt sind Preiserhöhungen nicht mehr zulässig. Falls Preiserhöhungen 5% des Reisepreises übersteigen, sind Sie berechtigt, kostenfrei vom Reisevertrag zurückzutreten. Sie haben im Rahmen des § 651a Abs. 5 BGB dann das Recht auf eine Ersatzreise.5. Kündigung 5.1. Biosphere Expeditions kann den Reisevertrag ohne Einhaltung einer Frist kündigen, wenn ein/e Teilnehmer/in die Durchführung der Reise ungeachtet einer Abmahnung durch Biosphere Expeditions bzw. der von uns eingesetzten Reiseleitung nachhaltig stört oder wenn sie/er sich in solchem Maße vertragswidrig verhält, dass die sofortige Aufhebung des Vertrags gerechtfertigt ist. Kündigt Biosphere Expeditions so behalten wir den Anspruch auf den vollen Reisepreis. Die von Biosphere Expeditions eingesetzte Reiseleitung ist ausdrücklich bevollmächtigt, unsere Interessen in diesen Fällen wahrzunehmen. 6. Haftung, Ansprüche, Verjährung 6.1. Die Haftung von Biosphere Expeditions für Schäden jeglicher Art ist auf den dreifachen Reisepreis beschränkt, soweit diese von Biosphere Expeditions weder vorsätzlich noch grob fahrlässig herbeigeführt wurden oder soweit Biosphere Expeditions allein wegen des Verschuldens eines Leistungsträgers verantwortlich ist. Biosphere Expeditions haftet nicht für Leistungsstörungen im Zusammenhang mit Leistungen, die als Fremdleistungen lediglich vermittelt werden und die in der Leistungsbeschreibung ausdrücklich als Fremdleistungen vorgesehen sind. Biosphere Expeditions haftet ebenfalls nicht für Schäden, die als Resultat einer Fahrzeugnutzung entstehen. Dies gilt sowohl für Fahrzeuge von Biosphere Expeditions, als auch Privatfahrzeuge, die im Rahmen der Reise auf freiwilliger Basis eingesetzt werden. Ansprüche wegen Mängeln der Reise können nur dann geltend gemacht werden, wenn diese unverzüglich angezeigt werden, es sei denn, die Anzeige ist der/m Teilnehmer/in unmöglich. Biosphere Expeditions hat das Recht, innerhalb angemessener Frist dem Mangel abzuhelfen. Dies findet keine Anwendung, wenn die Abhilfe unmöglich ist. Biosphere Expeditions haftet nicht bei Beeinträchtigung durch höhere Gewalt, insbesondere durch schlechtes Wetter. Mängelanzeigen sind zu richten an die Reiseleitung oder an die Verwaltung von Biosphere Expeditions. Ansprüche sind innerhalb eines Monats nach Ende der Reise anzumelden. Alle Ansprüche verjähren nach Ablauf eines Jahres nach Beendigung der Reise.  7. Pass-, Visa-, Devisen-, Zoll- und Gesundheitsbestimmungen 7.1. Sie sind für die Einhaltung der für die Reise geltenden Bestimmungen selbst verantwortlich. Alle Kosten und Nachteile, die aus der Nichtbeachtung solcher Vorschriften erwachsen, gehen zu Ihren Lasten, auch wenn diese Vorschriften nach Vertragsschluss geändert werden sollten. Biosphere Expeditions wird Sie im Rahmen seiner Möglichkeiten über wichtige Änderungen der in der Ausschreibung wiedergegebenen allgemeinen Vorschriften vor Reiseantritt informieren. 8. Sonstige Bestimmungen 8.1. Mit der Anmeldung erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass die Daten entsprechend dem Bundesdatenschutzgesetz für interne Zwecke von Biosphere Expeditions und zur Durchführung des Programms gespeichert werden. Mit der Anmeldung erkennen sie diese Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen an. Leistungs-/Erfüllungsort der Reise ist der jeweils in den Informationsmaterialien angegebene Treffpunktsort. Die Aktivitäten eines Schnuppertages, insbesondere, aber nicht nur ausschließlich, Wanderungen und Kanu-Expeditionen, erfordern mehr Einsatz als eine herkömmliche Pauschalreise. Es obliegt deshalb Ihnen, zu klären oder klären zu lassen, ob Sie den gesundheitlichen Anforderungen einer solchen Reise gewachsen sind. Vorausgesetzt wird, dass Sie das in der Ausschreibung genannte Tagespensum bewältigen können.
8.2. Mit Urteil vom 12. Mai 1998 hat das Landgericht Hamburg entschieden, dass man durch die Ausbringung eines Links die Inhalte der gelinkten Seite ggf. mit zu verantworten hat. Dies kann - so das Landesgericht - nur dadurch verhindert werden, dass man sich ausdrücklich von diesen Inhalten distanziert. Auf dieser Seite von Biosphere Expeditions gibt es Links zu anderen Seiten im Internet. Für all diese Links gilt: Biosphere Expeditions möchte ausdrücklich betonen, dass wir keinerlei Einfluss auf die Gestaltung und die Inhalte der gelinkten Seiten haben. Deshalb distanzieren wir uns ausdrücklich von allen Inhalten aller verlinkten Seiten auf dieser Seite. Diese Erklärung gilt für alle Verlinkungen auf dieser Seite.
© Biosphere Expeditions Ltd.
Website/privacy policy & terms
1. Core beliefs and operating policies
1.1. User privacy and data protection are human rights.1.2. We have a duty of care towards the people on our database.1.3. Data are both a responsibility and a liability, and they should only be collected and processed in a careful and reasonable manner, and only in order to advance our non-profit citizen science wildlife conservation aims.1.4. We do want to promote our aims, but we do not want to snoop on you or bother you when you do not want to be contacted; when in doubt our systems will err on the side of caution and your privacy.1.5. We loathe spam as much as you do and we prefer private browsing too.1.6. We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information.
2. Jurisdiction
2.1. These terms of use, which are subject to Irish law, contain the entire agreement between us with respect to our site. No part of these terms are intended to constitute an exclusion of any liability which cannot be excluded under Irish law.
3. Relevant legislation
3.1. This website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy: EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)  | EU-US Privacy shield 2016 | UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA) | EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD) | Australian Privacy Act 1988 (APA).
3.2. This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well.
4. Personal information that this website collects and why we collect it
4.1. Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) and Google Tag Manager (GT) to track user interaction. We use these data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website. Although GA/GT record data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA/GT also record your computer’s IP address, which could be used to personally identify you, but Google do not grant us access to this. GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA/GT from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website. In addition, you are given clear opt-in/opt-out choices when visiting our site. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see below).
4.2. When you complete forms on this website, the data you submit are stored on the servers of our website host 1&1 (see details below) and submitted to us via secure e-mail. We consider 1&1 to be a third party data processor (see below). We will use the data you submit via our website forms (or indeed via direct e-mail) to provide you with the services and information as requested in the form(s) and communicate and follow up with you as reasonable and appropriate. We will not use the data you provid to spam you or to bother you beyond the interest you have specifically expressed in the form(s) you have submitted. Note that our own SMTP e-mail servers are protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted using SHA-2, 256-bit cryptography before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices. However, not all mail servers are secured in such a way. Therefore, we would suggest that you always consider email as an insecure medium and not include personal, confidential or otherwise sensitive information within an email.
4.3. This website also collects access and error logs, which are stored on 1&1's webservers. Data collected include IP address, browser user agent, the page visited and a timestamp. None of this information personally identifies you to us.
5. Personal information that third party data processors collect
5.1. Our blog is hosted by WordPress. If you subscribe to the blog, or add a comment to any posts that we have published on our blog, the name and email address you enter with your comment will be saved to the WordPress database, along with your computer’s IP address and the time and date that you submitted the comment. This information is only used to identify you as a contributor to the comment section of the respective blog post and is not passed on to any of the other third party data processors detailed below. Only your username will be shown on the public-facing website, as well as any avatar you select. Your comment and its associated personal data will remain on the WordPress site until we see fit to either (a) remove the comment or (b) remove the blog post. Should you wish to have the comment and its associated personal data deleted, please contact our data protection officer. We recommend that you avoid entering personally identifiable information to the actual comment field of any blog post comments that you submit.
5.2. If you choose to join our e-news (i.e. our e-mail newsletter), the email address that you submit to us will be handled by Campaign Monitor who provide us with email marketing services. We consider Campaign Monitor to be a third party data processor (see below). Your email address will remain on Campaign Monitor’s database for as long as we continue to use Campaign Monitor’s services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via our data protection officer. As long as your email address remains on the Campaign Monitor database, you will receive periodic (approximately one every six weeks) newsletter-style emails from us.
5.3. Our social media pages are detailed on the social media page of our website. We consider all of them to be third party data processors (see below). Data you submit to them is kept exclusively on their, not our, servers and if you wish to unsubscribe from their services and/or unfollow us on their pages, this request must be submitted by you to them directly. We will not be able to do this for you for privacy reasons.
5.4. If you use Google for web searches, you may be served one of our Google Ads. We have no control over when or how Google serves you our ads other than defining keywords and regions. No data concerning Google Ads is stored on our servers or systems. There are ways to opt out of Google Ads and these change frequently. If you would like to opt out of Google Ads, we recommend that you conduct a web search to that effect on a site other than Google.
6. About this website’s server
6.1. This website is hosted by 1&1 in Germany. Their security protocols (available in German and English) are amongst the best in the world and as a German company data and privacy protection is uppermost on their agenda. All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
7. Our third party data processors
7.1. We use a number of third parties (identified above) to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 3. If you would like to see their privacy and data policies, we recommend you perform a web search to that effect, for example by typing "WordPress privacy policy" into any search engine.
8. Under-age users
8.1. If you are under 16 years of age you musy obtain parental consent before posting a comment on our blog, subscribing to our e-news or following us on any of our social media pages.
9. Security and data breaches
9.1. You have our word that we will, to the best of our ability, keep your data safe and secure. However, there are no 100% guarantees in life and as such we cannot 100% guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you therefore do so at your own risk. You should be aware of the inherent limitations of security and privacy that exists on the internet. This site contains links to a number of other sites. Biosphere Expeditions cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices, security and content of these websites.
9.2. If our security systems are breached, we will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach, if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
10. Data controller, data protection officer
10.1. The data controller of this website is Biosphere Expeditions and our data protection officer can be reached on e-mail.
11. Rights of access, unsubscription and erasure
11.1. You have a right to see the data we hold on you (right of access), to be unsubscribed from communications we control (right of unsubscription), or to be removed completely from our database (right of erasure). If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact our data protection officer.
12. Links from our website
12.1. Links from this site to other sites are provided for your information and convenience only, and no responsibility or liability can be accepted for the content, accuracy or any other aspect of these sites. The provision of a link does not imply an endorsement of any kind by Biosphere Expeditions.
13. Use of cookies on our site
13.1. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. Two types of cookies are used on this website. Firstly, session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site. Secondly, persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies. Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser and you will also be given opt-in and opt-out choices when you first visit our website. Note that you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled. Find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/. Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop most tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
14. Changes to our privacy policy
14.1. This privacy policy may change from time to time in line with legislation or industry developments. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes.
15. Tips on private browsing
15.1. We prefer private browsing ourselves. A Google search on "private browsing" or "anonymous browsing" will yield lots of useful tips and here are but a few examples: Edward Snowden | Quertime | GCF Learn Free | Techlicious | Guardian | SaferVPN.
16. Disclaimers
16.1. Although all reasonable steps are taken to ensure that the content on this website is accurate and up to date, Biosphere Expeditions will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies or omissions it may contain. Biosphere Expeditions provides this website on an "as is" basis and does not promise that this website or any of its contents will be complete, accurate or up to date at all times. If something is important, please contact one of our offices to check. Accordingly, Biosphere Expeditions does not accept any liability for any error, inaccuracy or omission on the site. To the fullest extent permitted at law, neither Biosphere Expeditions, nor any of its employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this website.
16.2. Disclaimer Germany / German: Mit Urteil vom 12. Mai 1998 hat das Landgericht Hamburg entschieden, dass man durch die Ausbringung eines Links die Inhalte der gelinkten Seite ggf. mit zu verantworten hat. Dies kann - so das Landesgericht - nur dadurch verhindert werden, dass man sich ausdrücklich von diesen Inhalten distanziert. Auf dieser Seite von Biosphere Expeditions gibt es Links zu anderen Seiten im Internet. Für all diese Links gilt: Biosphere Expeditions möchte ausdrücklich betonen, dass wir keinerlei Einfluss auf die Gestaltung und die Inhalte der gelinkten Seiten haben. Deshalb distanzieren wir uns ausdrücklich von allen Inhalten aller verlinkten Seiten auf dieser Seite. Diese Erklärung gilt für alle Verlinkungen auf dieser Seite.
© Biosphere Expeditions
Contact one of our offices:Australia, France, Germany, Ireland, UK, USA
info@biosphere-expeditions.org
Send
Contact
Non-profit
Terms