https://www.mecinc.com/privacy
You Are Here: privacy
Privacy
MEC Inc is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the MEC Inc Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the MEC Inc website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
MEC Inc collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. MEC Inc also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by MEC Inc. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by MEC Inc for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the MEC Inc Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through MEC Inc public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: MEC Inc
does not read any of your private online communications.
MEC Inc encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from MEC Inc so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. MEC Inc is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the MEC Inc
and MEC Inc family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
MEC Inc collects and uses your personal information to operate the MEC Inc
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. MEC Inc also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from MEC Inc and its affiliates. MEC Inc may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
MEC Inc does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
MEC Inc may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, MEC Inc
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to MEC Inc, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
MEC Inc does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
MEC Inc keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
MEC Inc, in order to determine what MEC Inc services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within MEC Inc to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
MEC Inc Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on MEC Inc or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of MEC Inc; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of MEC Inc, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The MEC Inc Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize MEC Inc pages, or
register with MEC Inc site or services, a cookie helps MEC Inc
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same MEC Inc Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the MEC Inc
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the MEC Inc services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
MEC Inc secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. MEC Inc secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
MEC Inc will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. MEC Inc encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how MEC Inc is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
MEC Inc welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that MEC Inc has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact MEC Inc at info@mayvl.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Video Gallery
Want to see more?...view more videos
12
MEC is hiring
© Copyright 2020 Mayville Engineering Company, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Statement |
Terms Of Use
Website designed and hosted by Foremost Media |
Admin