http://www.state.nj.us/transportation/privacy/
Back
to top
Department of Transportation
NJDOT
NJDOT
About NJDOT
About - Home
Contact Us (NJDOT)
Asset Management
Commissioner of Transportation
Commitment to Communities
Directions
Directory
Employment Opportunities
Executive Staff
Highway Safety
Inspector General
Mission Statement
Organization Chart
News Releases
NJDOT 50th Anniversary
Publications
Statutory Authority/Rules & Regulations
Videos, YouTube
Winter Readiness
NJCommuter
Traveler Info - Home
511 NJ Travel Info
Aviation
Biking in New Jersey
Bus & Train Schedules
Cameras
Complete Streets
Construction Updates
Drawbridge Schedules
Motorist Assistance
Pedestrian Safety
Pothole / Maintenance Reporting
Ridesharing
Community Programs
Community Programs - Home
Clean Up NJ!
Context Sensitive Design
Local Aid and Economic Development/Grants
NJFIT: Future In Transportation
Public Meetings
Safe Routes to School/Grants
Scenic Byways
Transit Village Initiative
In the Works
In the Works - Home
Freight Planning
Liberty Corridor
Long Range Transportation Plan
Maritime Pilot & Docking Commission
Maritime Resources
NJFIT: Future In Transportation
Our Projects & the Environment
Engineering
Engineering - Home
Announcements
Construction and Materials
Design
Drawings
Electrical
Forms
Markout Requests
Manuals
Operations
Permits and Licenses
Policy
Procedures
Projects
Specifications
Superseded
Vendor/Contractor Assistance
Capital Program
Capital Program - Home
Annual Obligation Reports
Annual Transportation Capital Program (Public Law 2013, Chapter 252)
Capital Program Documents
Capital Project Delivery
Electronic Statewide Transportation Improvement Program 2020 - 2029
Statewide Transportation Improvement Program 2020 - 2029
Transportation Capital Program 2021
Transportation Trust Fund Authority
Multimodal/Freight
Freight, Air and Water - Home
Aviation
Fixed Guideway
Freight Planning
Liberty Corridor
Maritime Pilot & Docking Commission
Maritime Resources
Multimodal Grants and Programs
Rail
Trucking
Doing Business
Doing Business - HOME
AASHTOWare Project Software
Americans with Disabilities / Section 504
Audit
Awarded Projects
Before You Dig
Capital Project Delivery
Civil Rights Affirmative Action
Design Services
Directory
Inspector General
Intelligent Transportation Systems
Local Aid & EconomicDevelopment / Grants
Mobility and Systems Engineering
NonProfit Information
Outdoor Advertising
Permits Information
Highway Access Permits
Wireless Permits
Planned Advertisements(six-months)
Procurement
Research
Right of Way
Food, Gas, Lodging and Tourism Signs
Traffic Camera Video Log Request
Vendor Help
References
Reference - Home
Crash Records
CADD Support
County Road Sidewalk Inventory
Geographic Information Systems
Long Range Transportation Plan
Open Public Records Act
Research
Research Library
Roadway Information & Traffic Monitoring System Program
Roadway Videolog
Soil Borings
Statutory Authority/Rules & Regulations
Straight Line Diagrams
Traffic Camera Video Log Request
Traffic Regulations
Helpful Links
Community Links
Commuter Links
Construction Links
Engineering Links
Planning Links
Reference Links
Neogov
Privacy Notice
Thank you for visiting the New Jersey Department of Transportation
(NJDOT) web site and reviewing our Privacy Notice. This notice applies to the New Jersey Department of Transportation web site and
addresses the collection, use and security of and access to information that may be obtained through the use of the web site. This notice covers the following topics:Section A. Information Collected and How it
is Used
Section B. Personal Information and Choice
Section C. Public Access to Information
Section D. Cookies
Section E. Security
Section F. Disclaimer
Section G. Contact Information
Section A. Information Collected and How it is Used
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read
pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information
about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about
your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com"
if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu"
if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address
is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever
you are surfing the Web) from which you access our web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access
our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the Department of Transportation
web site from another web site, the address of that web site.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful
to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the
types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information
about individuals and their visits. If You Send Us Personal Information If
you choose to provide us with personal information -- as in an e-mail
to the Commissioner of the Department of Transportation or someone else,
or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting
it to us through our web site -- we use that information to respond to
your message and to help us get you the information you have requested.
We only share the information you give us with another government agency
if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.
Moreover, we do not create individual profiles with the information you
provide or to give it to any private organizations. The NJDOT, nor any NJDOT
web site development partners do not collect information for commercial
marketing.
Section B. Personal Information and Choice
You may choose whether to provide personal information on-line. "Personal
information" is information about a natural person that is readily
identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes
such things as an individual's name, address, and phone number. A domain
name or Internet protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you
voluntarily provide it to us by sending us email, participating in a survey
or completing an on-line form. You may choose not to contact us by email,
participate in a survey, or provide any personal information using an
online form. Your choice to not participate in these activities will not
impair your ability to browse the Department's web site and read or download
any information provided on the site.Privacy Warning
Email is not a secure medium. Personal information sent via
the Internet can be intercepted. You may, therefore, wish to reconsider
the advisability of sending messages that contain sensitive, personal
information to NJDOT. NJDOT does not plan on divulging information collected or
information disclosed voluntarily, but may be required to do so pursuant
to a request under the Right to Know law, the common law Right to Know,
other State or Federal law or pursuant to court order. If you believe that your personal information is being used
for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact
the [position] as shown in the Contact Information Section of this statement.
Section C. Public Access to Information
In the State of New Jersey, laws exist to ensure that government is open
and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information
possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to
the public's right to access public records that serve various needs including
the privacy of individuals. Exceptions are provided by both state and federal
laws.
All the information collected at this site becomes public records that may
be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public, unless an
exemption in law exists.
Section D. Cookies
The Department of Transportation uses cookies to customize and enhance your
browsing experience. Cookies are simple text files stored on you computer
by Internet web sites to help identify users and enhance customer service.
Cookies created by using the State web site do not contain personally identifying
information. The cookie feature is used only to store a randomly generated
identifying tag on your computer and does not compromise your privacy or
security.
Section E. Security
The NJDOT as developer and manager of this web site has taken several steps
to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized access to
information maintained. These measures are designed and intended to prevent
corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems
and information, and to provide reasonable protection of private information
in our possession.
Section F. Disclaimer
The NJDOT web site and materials may contain hypertext or links to other Internet
computer sites which are not owned, operated, controlled or reviewed by
the State. These links are provided solely as a courtesy and convenience
to you, the visitor. When you link to one of these sites, you are no longer
on the NJDOT web site and this Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link
to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
The State of New Jersey, its agencies, officers, or employees
exercise no control over the organizations, views, accuracy, copyright
or trademark compliance or the legality of the material contained on those
servers and do not sponsor, endorse, or approve the information, content,
products, materials, opinions or services contained on such external sites.
The visitor proceeds to these external sites at their own risk. The State
specifically disclaims any and all liability from damages which may result
from the accessing of a third party site which is linked the NJDOT web site,
or from reliance upon any such information.
Section G. Contact Information
You may contact the Department of Transportation as follows:
To review your personal information, or request correction
of your personal information:
Director of Information Technology
New Jersey Department of Transportation
PO Box 600
Trenton, New Jersey 08625-0600
Email
To offer comments about the Department of Transportation
web site, or about the information presented in this Privacy Notice:Director of Communications
New Jersey Department of Transportation
PO Box 600
Trenton, New Jersey 08625-0600
Email
Last updated date:
June 11, 2020 1:49 PM