https://www.himex.com/privacy/
Zum Inhalt springen
Laden...
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Privacyhimex2020-03-30T12:45:25+02:00
Privacy Statement of Himalayan Experience (Keck GmbH)
The protection of your personal data is very important to us. We therefore process your data exclusively based on the legal provisions (GDPR, TKG 2003). In this data protection information, we will inform you about the most important aspects of data processing on our website.
Unfortunately, it could be that these explanations sound very technical, but we tried to describe the most important things as simply and clearly as possible.
Contact
If you contact us using the form on the website or by e-mail, your data will be stored for six months in order to process the request and in the event of following questions. We will not pass on this data without your permission.
Cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. These are small text files that are stored on your device using the browser. They do no harm your computer and do not contain a virus.
We use cookies to make our offer user-friendly. Some cookies remain on your device until you delete them. They enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.
If you do not want this, you can set up your browser so that it informs you about the setting of cookies and you only allow this in individual cases. You also have the option of deactivating cookies when you visit the website for the first time.
If cookies are deactivated, the functionality of our website may be restricted.
Web analysis
Our website uses functions of the web analytics service Google Analytics. Cookies are used for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of the website by your users. The information generated in this way is transferred to the provider’s server and stored there.
You can prevent this by setting up your browser so that no cookies are saved or simply deactivating it when we tell you.
Data processing takes place on the basis of the legal provisions of Section 96 (3) TKG and Art 6 (1) a (consent) and / or f (legitimate interest) of the GDPR.
Our concern within the meaning of the GDPR (legitimate interest) is the improvement of our offer and our website. Since the privacy of our users is important to us, the user data is pseudonymized.
Embedded social media elements privacy policy
We integrate elements of social media services on our website to display images, videos and texts.
By visiting pages that represent these elements, data is transferred from your browser to the respective social media service and stored there. We have no access to this data.
The following links lead you to the pages of the respective social media services, where you can find the explanation how your data is handled:
Instagram privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
The Google data protection declaration applies to YouTube: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
Facebook data guideline: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links that lead to other websites. If you click on these links Himalayan Experience is not held responsible for your data and privacy protection. Visiting those websites is not governed by this privacy policy agreement. Make sure to read the privacy policy documentation of the website you go to from our website.
Your rights
You have the right of information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, revocation and objection regarding your data stored by us. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or your data protection claims have been violated in any way, you can complain to us.
Contact
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Himalayan Experience
A brand of the Keck GmbH
Berchat 359
6135 Stans
Austria
+43 664 120 07 35
info (at) himex.com
www.himex.com
error: Our content is protected - sorry for that ;-)
This website uses cookies. If you click on the "Accept" button on this banner, we understand that you accept the use of cookies on our website. For more information, see our
Priavacy Note.AcceptDecline