http://www.pawsperouspets.com/legal.shtml
Home
Adopting a Pet
Caring for Your Adopted Pet
Pet Humor
Tails & Tributes
Promoting Pet Adoption
Change the Life of a Homeless Pet. Enrich Yours.
PawsperousPets.com Policies
Legal Information and Disclaimer
The information provided on this website is not intended to
be a substitute for professional veterinary or animal behaviour
advice.
By using this website, you agree that Pet Friendly Canada / PawsperousPets.com will
not be held liable for any injuries or damages caused by the direct
or indirect use of the information contained within this website.
Any medical or behavioural concerns you have about your pet should
be referred to your veterinarian or qualified animal professional.
Copyright Information
The information and design of this website is
©Copyright 2000-2015, PawsperousPets.com and Pet Friendly Canada,
except where noted. All rights reserved.
Any reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without
express consent is in violation of the law.
Privacy Policy
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use information (not including your name,
address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this
and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on the
PawsperousPets.com site. Google uses a DoubleClick DART cookie
to serve ads to you, based on your visit to this site and other sites
on the Internet. You can opt out of the use of the DART cookie by
clicking here.
You can also find out more about how Google manages data in its ads products
here.
Advertising
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
More Pet Resources  |
About PawsperousPets.com  |
Contact
As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.
© Copyright 2000-2020, PawsperousPets.com.
All Rights Reserved.
The content on this website may not be reproduced in part or in whole, in any form, without the express written permission of the copyright holder.
Copyright Notice, Legal Disclaimer, and Privacy Policy