https://www.skydiveorange.com/privacy-policy/
Skydive Orange
Call Us: (703) SKY-DIVE
11339 Bloomsbury Road • Orange, VA 22960
Book Now
Gifts
Contact
Menu
Skydive Orange
Menu
Home
Prices
Prices
Book Now
Gift Certificates
First Time
First Time
Tandem Skydiving
HALO Tandem
Tandem Skydiving FAQ
Video Services
Marriage Proposals
Customer Reviews
Learn
Learn
AFF
AFF Program Reviews
Learn to Skydive FAQ
Tunnel Coaching
Experienced
Experienced
Jump Schedule
Landing Area & Safety Procedures
Load Organizers
Paraloft
Wingsuit Training
Ratings Courses
Helpful Links
DropZone
DropZone
Aircraft
Facilities
News
Events
Local
Local
Directions
Accommodations
Attractions
Restaurants
About
About
Staff Members
Exhibition Team
Blog
Photos
Videos
Home
First Time
Learn
Experienced
Skydive Orange Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@skydiveorange.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Skydive Orange at 11339 Bloomsbury Rd., Orange, VA 22960.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at:
www.skydiveorange.com
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on August 25, 2016.
Recent Posts
How To Get Into Skydiving?
The Gift of Skydiving
Book Your Skydive Now
Purchase Gift Certificates
Info & Rates
Read Skydive Orange’s Reviews
Dave Harris – South Riding, VA
South Riding, VA
The instructors and coaches were incredibly competent, professional and fun to be around.
The largest tandem skydiving center near Northern Virginia, Washington D.C. and Maryland.
Copyright © 2020, Skydive Orange, All Rights Reserved.
DropZone Web Design & Marketing by Beyond Marketing, LLC
Book Online Now!
Buy Gift Certificates
Contact Us
Call Us @ (703) SKY-DIVE
11339 Bloomsbury Road • Orange, VA 22960 | Direction Tips
Friday: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm | Hours
We know! We hate popups too!But this totally worth it, because you could WIN a TANDEM SKYDIVE in our monthly drawing and receive some irregular e-mails offering you some sweet skydiving deals!
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
Share This