https://www.sushifaq.com/privacy-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Privacy Policy
SushiFAQ.com Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.sushifaq.com
44 Walmsley Road
Darien, CT 06820
USA
webmaster@sushifaq.com
Sushi Otaku Blog
New from Sushibaren Malmö – smoked trout with sake-apple compote
Sushibaren Malmö roll of the week. Salmon tartare with Japanese salsa verde
Sushibaren Malmö roll of the week! Yellowtail with with sake poached chanterelles and grilled asparagus.
Japanese Green Tea Offer
The 6 Best Countries to Eat Real Sushi Outside of Japan
Other Resources There are plenty of other resources on the web for information, some of my favorites are:
Miscellaneous Pages:
The Tokyo Food Page is a large repository of general information about sushi, restaurants, recipes, and Tokyo!
Products & Supplies:
Catalina Offshore Products offers sushi quality seafood over the internet to retail consumers now.
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Delicious