http://www.volkwines.com/privacy.php
Kenneth Volk Vineyard's Privacy Policy
1. Kenneth Volk Vineyards is committed to best-practice privacy standards
We are committed to protecting your personal information and letting you know the type of information we collect and how this information is used.2. Collecting information about youThe amount of information we collect about you depends on your use of our website. The only personal information we collect is what you tell us about yourself, for instance through surveys and newsletter registrations.We use your personal information for research or to improve our site and the services we offer you. We analyze the data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our site users are visiting and how long they spend there. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. We may share this aggregated information with our content providers to assist them in understanding our services but we do not give our content providers aggregated information that would allow them to identify you personally. As well, any third party providers are bound by this privacy policy.We also use your personal information to notify you of updates to the web site via email or our newsletter (if you have subscribed to one of our services). Please click here if you no longer wish to receive emails or newsletters from us.Your name and information will not be sold to other companies.3. Our use of cookies
Some of the pages found on Kenneth Volk Vineyards website use 'cookies' to help us remember who you are. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help us provide you with services and features that are tailored to your needs when you visit Kenneth Volk Vineyards web site again. Cookies in themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's browsers. The cookies simply operate as a unique identifier.This lets us know what you find interesting and useful, which allows us to keep improving our web site and provide you with a personalized service. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse them, although this means you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.4. Our use and disclosure of your personal information
Kenneth Volk Vineyards will seek to take all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about you secure, accurate and up to date. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities.Kenneth Volk Vineyards will take all reasonable steps to ensure that our employees and contractors respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. You should notify us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.On occasion, we will sponsor contests or sweepstakes or other types of promotions. When we do, the information gathered is managed by a third party and then provided to Kenneth Volk Vineyards. Once shared with us, that information is subject to our privacy policy, and we will make a reasonable best effort to have the third party use the information within the standards of our privacy policy.Kenneth Volk Vineyards may share any data collected internally among other Kenneth Volk brands, their websites and brand owners in an attempt to bring you information on more Australian wines, but the information will still be subject to this privacy policy.5. Public Forums
If at any time this site creates chat rooms, message boards, news groups or other types of public forums, please remember that information shared in those forums is public and not subject to this privacy policy. Please use caution when using these tools, and never disclose personal or sensitive information. We also encourage our users to be courteous when dealing with each other.
6. 'Opting Out'
You can always choose to discontinue our mailings, both via email and via the postal service. If you would like to be removed from our mailing list, please click here.7. Corrections or Updates
Our customers are very valuable to us, and we want to make sure that we are able to contact you. If you need to make corrections or updates to the personal information that you have provided us, you can send us an email at info@kennethvolkvineyards.com.