http://www.wai.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Get Involved
Toggle navigation
Login
Search This Site
Chapters Start a Chapter
Chapter Resources
Girls in Aviation Day
Chapter Listing
Membership
Education & Careers
Conference
AFW Magazine
News & Events
About WAI
Login
Join WAI
Shop WAI Store
Contact Us
Facebook
Twiiter
LinkedIn
Get Involved
Translate
Women in Aviation International Privacy/Disclaimer Statement
Women in Aviation International ("WAI") understands the importance of your privacy. We do not use tracking systems to gather information from visitors to our web site. WAI only collects personal information when you join as a member of WAI, register for one of our conferences, or use/purchase WAI's products or services. Information Collection and UseWAI is the sole owner of the information collected by WAI on the WAI website. Personally identifiable information, like an email address, is used only for the purpose of administering and executing existing information for member records and applications. Information will not be added to a marketing list, sold or shared unless you have authorized release of your information for special offers from outside companies. We may provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with WAI under confidentiality agreements. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process when it is necessary to share information in order to prevent or investigate illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of WAI's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Cookies and Server LogsWAI automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, WAI cookie information, and the page you request. We use this information for improving our services by monitoring server activity. WAI may set and access WAI cookies on your computer. These cookies are not used for advertisement but are used as a secure way to know who you are as you complete membership activities, online registration processes, or access other web site products or services. If you choose not to enable cookies you may still use WAI.com, however, you may not be able to use some online products or services. Email Communication to You From WAIWAI currently uses email communication for our bimonthly magazine, monthly e-newsletter, periodic WAI Connect event notifications, and seasonal merchandise promotions. Each of these email messages have options where you can unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within them. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to WAI services, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and special event messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. You can edit or change your WAI membership email address at any time in our member's only section. Information from ChildrenThe WAI web site is not intended for use by children. WAI will not, on its behalf, ever knowingly collect or post any personal information from children under the age of 13 without their parent's or guardian's permission. Changes to Collection and Use of InformationWAI intends to comply with the above privacy provisions for the indefinite future. However, WAI reserves the right to modify, amend, or terminate the provisions with or without notice to you. We also reserve the right to apply any such change retroactively to information we hold, regardless of the terms of the policy or statement in existence at the time we collected the information.
Corporate Members
View All Corporate Members
Tarrant County College
FSSolutions
Cirrus Aircraft
Amazon
WAI Pioneers
Visit the Pioneer Hall of Fame
Jeana Yeager
1992
Anna Timofeyeva-Yegorova
2009
Mary Barr
2001
Arlene Feldman
2004
Ruth Nichols
2009
Anne Morrow Lindbergh
1999
DONATE TO WAI
Already a Member?
Login to your accountForgot Password?
Log in
November/December 2020
Look Inside
Read this month's issue
Take A Look
Become a Member
Starting At Just $45/year
Benefits of Membership Become a Member
WAI on Instagram
Benefits of a WAI MembershipWAI members seek to inspire and stand for encouragement, continued education, and a whole lot of fun! If you’re a lover of all things aviation and aerospace, and enjoy sharing your passion with others, we’d love to have you! Membership includes job search opportunities, scholarship opportunities, access to mentors in your industry, and much more.Become a Member
Already A Member?
Login to your accountForgot Password?
Log in
Get Involved with WAI
We’re stronger in numbers! WAI is strong because of the dedication and volunteerism of our members. Whether you share your passion for aviation locally through chapter activities, lend a hand at WAI events across the country, or sponsor scholarships and outreach efforts, you help inspire others to reach for their dreams.
Volunteer
Donate