https://www.oktoberfest.org/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement - Mt Angel Oktoberfest
Skip to content
Mt Angel Oktoberfest
The largest folk festival in the Northwest
Menu
Store
FAQs for 2020
Entertainment Venues
Food & Crafts
FAQs for Normal Years:
Die Fruchtsäule
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to
Mount Angel Oktoberfest.  This privacy statement provides information
about the personal information that Mount Angel Oktoberfest collects,
and the ways in which Mount Angel Oktoberfest uses that personal
information.
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Personal information collection
Mount Angel Oktoberfest may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of
this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser
type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit,
page views and website navigation paths); We use Google Analytics to
analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical
and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are
stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our
website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google
will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.Information that you provide using for the purpose of registering
with the website (including contact information if a form is submitted
for use;Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including Social Media connections); andAny other information that you send to Mount Angel Oktoberfest.
Using personal information
Mount Angel Oktoberfest may use your personal information to:
Administer this website;Publish information about you on the website; if you have submitted this information for use as a vendor; andSend you marketing and informational communications.Provide third parties with statistical information about our users –
but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
andDeal with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
Where Mount Angel Oktoberfest discloses your personal information to
its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or
sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal
information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes
identified elsewhere above, Mount Angel Oktoberfest may disclose your
personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law,
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal
proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal
rights.
Securing your data
Mount Angel Oktoberfest will take reasonable technical and
organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of
your personal information.We will store all the personal information you provide on our
hosting provider’s secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers.Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently
insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the
internet.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Mount Angel Oktoberfest collects may be stored and
processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Mount
Angel Oktoberfest operates to enable the use of the information in
accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on
the website will be published on the internet and may be available
around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Mount Angel Oktoberfest may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Mount Angel Oktoberfest is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Mount Angel Oktoberfest
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Mount Angel
Oktoberfest’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to info@oktoberfest.org;  orby post to Mount Angel Oktoberfest  PO Box 1054 Mount Angel, OR 97362
Search for:
Festhalle Rental
Contact Info
Media Kit
Schedule
Privacy Statement
Store
All original contents and format
©2019 – Oktoberfest, Inc.
All rights reserved by their respective owners.