http://www.elpc.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Environmental Law & Policy Center
About Us
Mission
Impact
People
Staff
Board
Advisory Councils
Fiscal Strength
Ways To Give
ELPC Action Fund
Contact Us
Issues
Climate Change in the Midwest
Climate Cities
Clean Energy
Energy Efficiency
Farm Energy
Natural Gas
Solar
Transmission
Wind
Clean Air
Coal
Mercury
Ozone (Smog)
Diesel
Air Quality Monitoring
Clean Water
Great Lakes
Lake Erie
Midwest Lakes & Rivers
Mississippi River
Maumee River
Ohio River
Chicago River
Clean Transportation
Electric Vehicles
Autonomous Vehicles
High-Speed Rail
Highways
Chicago Pedway
Wild & Natural Places
Chicago River
Driftless Area
Great Lakes
Mississippi River
Northwoods
Saugatuck Dunes
States
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Michigan
Minnesota
North Dakota
Ohio
South Dakota
Wisconsin
Washington, D.C.
Newsroom
Reporter Resources
Publications
ELPC Blog
ELPC in the News
Jobs
sign up
DONATE
Take Action
sign up
Privacy Policy
ELPC respects your right to privacy and is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust. We have created the following privacy policy to inform you about the ways in which we collect and use information from our website users, email subscribers, and donors.
General Privacy
ELPC and our affiliated organizations are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. This information will not be sold, rented or disclosed to others.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and to alert email subscribers about issues and opportunities.
If cookies are enabled on a visitor’s computer, then our site may use cookies to enhance the viewing experience.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.elpc.org. ELPC provides links to other websites, but ELPC is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
Website Users
We collect two types of information from our website users.
First, Google Analytics collects and delivers to ELPC a variety of information, unless you have created local settings on your personal computer to block Google from accessing this information. This information includes but is not limited to your domain name, general location (city, state, country), and behavior on our site (pages visited, etc.); however, it does not identify you personally by name, address or email address.
Second, ELPC collects information volunteered by the website user through forms such as surveys, document download requests, and event RSVPs. This information is used exclusively for internal ELPC purposes and will not be sold, rented or disclosed to others.
Email Subscribers
You may choose to subscribe to our electronic newsletter in a variety of ways – through the sign-up form on our website, by taking an online “action alert,” through an offline activity such as a postcard or petition, or while making an online or offline donation. When you subscribe to our email list, ELPC requests contact information such as name, address, email address, and issues of interest.
Your personal information is not sold or rented to others for commercial use. However, your name and contact information may be disclosed to government officials and other decision-makers if you choose to send them a message through our online action alert system. You will always be notified if your information will be shared.
Donors
ELPC will not sell, rent or disclose our donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, nor send solicitations to our donors on behalf of other organizations. This policy applies to all donor information received by ELPC, both online and offline.
Our online donations are processed through a third-party service provider – Z2 Systems through Neon CRM – our donors’ information will only be used for purposes necessary to process the financial transaction. Neon’s privacy statement can be viewed here.
Changes to this Policy
ELPC reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to modify or correct any error or omissions in any portion of this website.
If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you the option to opt out of new uses.
Contact
If you are concerned about how your information is used or if you feel that this site is not following its stated privacy policy, please email ELPC Deputy Director Kevin Brubaker at kbrubaker@elpc.org or call (312) 673-6500.
ELPC Profile
Read about ELPC's winning model, as told by Greenwire
Site LinksContact UsJobsNewsroomPrivacy Policy
Get Social
Join Mailing List sign up
Office Locations
Chicago, IL (Headquarters)
Columbus, OH
Des Moines, IA
Grand Rapids, MI
Minneapolis, MN
Madison, WI
Washington, D.C.
ELPC SITESFarmEnergy.orgPlugInMidwest.orgRuralSolarStories.orgAirQualityChicago.orgELPCActionFund.org