https://www.berettausa.com/en-us/california-consumer-privacy-act/
Skip to main content
Jump to Navigation
A MESSAGE TO OUR CUSTOMERS ABOUT COVID-19 | LEARN MORE
47F501D1-2D62-48C3-A4F0-DEF904C4F580
75F2F36F-9C86-4170-A886-2E8D8E6FFEAF
Facebook Full Name
Would you like to log into Beretta using your logged in facebook information?
LOGIN WITH FACEBOOK
Customer Service
Home | California Consumer Privacy Act
California Consumer Privacy Act
If you are a California resident, the information below also applies to you. Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Categories of Personal Information Beretta has collected from or about its customer in the preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)
Geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of customer service calls)
Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics)
Categories of Sources from which Beretta has Collected Personal Information about customer
Consumer Directly (Beretta.com)
Advertising Networks (e.g. Google)
Social networks (e.g. Twitter, Facebook)
Affiliate Networks (e.g. PepperJam)
Business purposes for which Beretta has collected Personal Information about customers in the preceding 12 months
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Categories of Personal Information sold
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. “cookies” or other tracking tags)
Categories of Personal Information Beretta has disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)
Non-Discrimination
Beretta will not discriminate against you because you exercise your rights. For example, Beretta will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different price or rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not sell request.
You Have the Following rights under the CCPA –
Right to request Beretta disclose Personal Information, or Categories of Personal Information, it collects, uses, discloses, and sells
Right to request Beretta delete Personal Information we have collected from you
Right to request Beretta opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information
Process Used to Verify an Access and/or Deletion Request
If you are a Beretta customer, you will be required to submit 4 pieces of information including your name, address, email, and phone number. Beretta will use this information to search our systems and determine if we have information about you. If we are able to locate information about you, we will fulfill your Access and/or your Deletion request. If we are not able to match all 4 pieces of information you submit, we may provide you with a report that includes the categories of personal information we collect, use and disclose.
If you are an Authorized Agent, you will be required to submit your name, address, email, and phone number as well as the name, address, email and phone number of the customer you are making a request on behalf of. Beretta will use the customers information to search our systems and determine if we have information about the customer. If we are able to locate information about the customer we will fulfill the Access and/or Deletion request. As an Authorized Agent you will receive an email confirming that we have received the request along with a second email asking you to fill out a certification form confirming your information and certifying you have the right to make this request on behalf of the customer. Once the report is ready, it will be sent to the email or physical address you have given us, depending on the delivery method you choose.
How to Submit a Verifiable Request (Requests can be made no more than twice in a 12-month period)
You can submit a request using the methods listed below
Do Not Sell My Info Requests: Click this link
How Do You Contact Beretta?
Mail:
Beretta USA Corp.
Service Department
17601 Beretta Drive
Accokeek, Maryland 20607
Phone:
800-237-3882
CLOSE