https://www.honda.com.my/privacy
Privacy Notice
HONDA MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. PRIVACY POLICY:
At Honda, people's privacy is of prime importance. This document sets out the Privacy Policy of Honda Malaysia Sdn Bhd and explains how we manage personal information in accordance with the Malaysian Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (PDPA)
What is Personal Data
Personal data is information about an identifiable individual. This includes any information that can be used to distinguish, identify or contact a specific individual.
An individual’s opinions or beliefs, as well as facts about, or related to, the individual may also be considered personal information.
Personal data may include, but not limited to, your name, contact details, mailing address, e-mail address, occupation, identification card number, passport number, income, employer’s details, security recordings, images (photographs and video recordings) and any other such information that may be relevant to your application or request in your dealings with Honda Malaysia.
Collection Personal Data
Personal details are only collected if you provide them to us, directly or indirectly from third parties, website or public sources, but not limited to :
When you contact us through Honda Authorized dealers (car booking and /or obtain information)
When you contact us through HMSB Website or Facebook
When you contact our Customer Service.
Through marketing activities or events, for example at road shows, exhibitions and / or business card collections.
Through third parties such as our business partners and / or your agents;
Data collected through participation in customer satisfaction surveys and/or respond to communications
Data collected through servicing your car at Honda Authorized dealers.
Data provided by you such as comments, queries or messages submitted to Honda in whatever manner.
Processing of Personal Data
The processing of the personal data as provided under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 means collecting, recording, holding or storing the personal data or carrying out any operations or set of operations on the personal data, but not limited to:-
To process your order to purchase our products and / or services.
Verify your identity when you contact us.
Respond to inquiries, comments and suggestion from you.
To enable us provide you with your requested product and service.
To assist Honda Malaysia Sdn Bhd to detect and prevent fraud and/or illegal activities.
For Honda Malaysia Sdn Bhd’s internal records management.
To carry out market analysis, research and customer profiling to study market trends
To provide you with customer support and after-sales services
To facilitate your participation in any contest, event and / or membership program
To improve the quality of Honda's products and /or services
To support the business, financial and risk monitoring, planning and decision making
Additionally, your personal data may be collected, processed and used for the following optional purposes
To deal with the mailing and communication of information literature ( e.g. invitations to exclusive events, information on promotions and offers, sending magazines and /or newsletter)
To identify other products and services which might be of interest to you and to inform you about Honda’s products and services
Disclosure of personal data
Your personal data provided to us may be disclosed to the following classes of third parties (in or outside of Malaysia) as required under the law or pursuant to relevant contractual relationship (for example, where we appoint third party service providers) or for the purposes or directly related to the purposes stated.
Entities within Honda Group Malaysia.
HMSB and Honda authorized dealers parts suppliers.
Our partners such as insurance companies, banks and financial institutions.
Government departments or agencies, statutory authorities and industry regulators.
Law enforcement agencies.
Third parties appointed by us to provide services to us or on our behalf (such as auditor, lawyer, company secretary, service providers, printing company, telecommunications company, contractor, events and training organizers and other advisers).
Associated companies and outsourcing partners);
Data center and servers for storage purpose;
Right to access and correct personal data
Subject to the exceptions provided under Malaysian law, you may request for access to, correction, update or limit the processing thereof at any time hereafter.
If you wish to withdraw consents which you have provided voluntarily, kindly channel to Honda by submitting such request via post, e-mail or facsimile transmission to the following address:
Address :
P-3-1, Level 3,
Pacific Towers Business Hub,
Jalan 13/6, Seksyen 13,
46200 Petaling Jaya
Selangor, Malaysia
Fax :
+ 60 (3) 7947 3033
E-mail :
customerupdate@honda.net.my
Honda Malaysia may modify or update this privacy notice to reflect any changes to its privacy practices, without prior notice and any such amendment will be notified via our website. We assure you that we are practicing prudent actions when dealing with your personal data for the activities mentioned above and also are requesting the parties that deals with us to enter into a Non-Disclosure Agreement as a step towards complying with our Data Integrity Policy.
We trust that you consent and agree to the terms above with respect to our processing of your personal information.
If you do not consent to the above, kindly contact us at the above mentioned.
This site uses cookies to improve your experience. Read our cookie policy here.
I understand