https://www.airnorth.com.au/plan-your-trip/conditions-carriage
Freecall 1800 627 474 or + 61 8 8920 4001
reservations@airnorth.com.au
Home
Plan your tripTimetable
DestinationsAlice Springs
Broome
Cairns
Darwin
Elcho Island
Gove [Nhulunbuy]
Groote Eylandt
Katherine
Kununurra
Maningrida
McArthur River
Melbourne
Milingimbi
Perth
Tennant Creek
Timor-Leste [Dili]
Toowoomba
Townsville
Travel insurance
Hotels
Special needs
Australian Consumer Law
Conditions of carriage
Fees and surcharges
Group bookings
Freight
Before you fly
Fare rulesAir Sale
Air Saver
Air Flex
Events
Book your trip
Flying with usBefore you flyMedical needs
Medical clearance
Travelling with infants
Unaccompanied children
Arrivals and departures
Flying when pregnant
Flying with animals
Dangerous goods
Baggage allowances
International flights
Check in
Seafood & Meat
At the airportBaggage Services
Check-in reminder
Security
On boardIn flight magazine
Our fleet
Catering
In flight health
ChartersCharters
Our fleet
HelpFAQ
Online feedback
Web support
Site map
Privacy policy
About AirnorthContact us
Competitions
Corporate profile
Media ReleasesMedia Release Archives
Newsletter
Careers with Airnorth
Partners
Frequent Flyer Program
SponsorshipSponsorship Request Form
Ground Handling Services
Airnorth Merchandise
NGO TravelNGO Travel - FAQs
Gift Vouchers
Search this site:
In this section
Timetable
DestinationsAlice Springs
Broome
Cairns
Darwin
Elcho Island
Gove [Nhulunbuy]
Groote Eylandt
Katherine
Kununurra
Maningrida
McArthur River
Melbourne
Milingimbi
Perth
Tennant Creek
Timor-Leste [Dili]
Toowoomba
Townsville
Travel insurance
Hotels
Special needs
Australian Consumer Law
Conditions of carriage
Fees and surcharges
Group bookings
Freight
Before you fly
Fare rulesAir Sale
Air Saver
Air Flex
Events
Home » Plan your trip » Conditions of carriage
Conditions of carriage
Airnorth requires that all customers have the ability to understand and follow company conditions of carriage to ensure the safety of all passengers and crew.
Liability
Passenger conduct
Baggage allowances
Baggage claims
Dangerous goods
Restricted items
Fares and fare rules
Fees and surcharges
Special needs and assistance
Medical needs
Flight schedules
Check in & Web Check in
Security
International travel
Smoking
1. Liability
The liability of Airnorth under all travel contracts is, in all respects, subject to the provisions of the Civil Aviation (Carrier's Liability) Act 1959-70 or as amended from time to time. Liability of Airnorth is limited to the following amounts:
in respect of death or personal injury of the passenger: AUD$500,000.00
in respect of destruction or loss to registered or checked baggage of the passenger: AUD$1,600.00
in respect of destruction or loss to cabin baggage of the passenger: AUD$160.00
such other sums as may be prescribed by applicable legislation for the time being in force.
Limits of liability:
payments accepted by the company in respect of a ticket are subject to the fare rules applicable to the category of ticket purchased
the company will not be liable to the purchaser, the passenger, or to any other person for costs or losses resulting from diversion, substitution, alteration, cancellation or delay, or from loss or delay of baggage
the company will be not liable for consequential or other loss of any kind, arising directly or indirectly from negligence or any act or omission or any other cause in connection with provision or non-provision of carriage or any transport or service and
the company will not be liable for inaccuracy in any information concerning transport, services or their pricing whether referred to in the ticket or any other document.
Return to top
2.Passenger conduct
Airnorth reserves the right to refuse carriage to any person who seeks to travel in violation of any applicable law or tariff or is otherwise in breach of these Terms and conditions of carriage, or who is under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or if it is necessary for the safety or comfort of other passengers or for the protection of property. This extends also to passengers who may have been banned from travelling on any Airnorth flights due to previous incidents relating to the above breaches or violations.
The passenger shall comply with the instructions of the carrier's servants or agents concerning all matters connected with or consequential to the air service, and shall comply with the conditions of this ticket and the terms of any notice exhibited in the aircraft and shall be responsible for any loss or damage occasioned by non-observance of any instructions, conditions or notice.
The passenger shall not enter or remain on the aircraft while their status or mental or physical condition is in the opinion of any servant or agent of the carrier such as to render them incapable of caring for themselves or involving hazard to themselves, other persons or property and the carrier shall not be bound to provide substituted carriage for a person precluded by reason of this clause from completing their journey.
The passenger shall remain seated during taxiing and when required by the carrier during flight. The passenger shall not smoke in or in the vicinity of the aircraft, throw anything from the aircraft or walk in front of the aircraft or in the vicinity of the engines when entering or leaving the aircraft.
Return to top
3. Baggage allowances
For full details see Airnorth's Baggage Allowances.
Return to top
4. Baggage claims
Claims for baggage damaged or lost due to negligence on the part of Airnorth must be reported within 24 hours of the flight arrival at the destination. Claims reported after 24 hours will not be accepted.
All claims must be submitted to Airnorth staff at the destination airport, using specific claim forms provided by Airnorth. The damaged baggage must be sighted by an Airnorth staff with the baggage tag still attached.
Airnorth is not liable for damage to baggage where damage is the result of normal wear and tear (this includes, and is not limited to, scrapes, scratches, damaged handles and wheels). The company is also not liable for damage to straps, handles and other items not part of the baggage structure, overweight items labelled with heavy tags, and baggage if baggage weight exceeds the maximum weight specifications of the manufacturer. Where the manufacturer’s specifications are unavailable the weight limit applied will be 25kgs.
The carrier accepts no liability whatsoever for loss of or damage to any baggage resulting from the inherent defect quality or vice of goods carried or for loss of or damage to registered baggage not collected by the passenger within a period of twelve hours after the arrival of the aircraft at destination.
Except as provided for under the Law, Airnorth is not liable for loss or damage to, or delay in the delivery of the following goods:
money
cameras
computers/laptops
jewellery and precious metals
perishable articles
fragile articles
business documents
wallets and purses containing identification and banking cards
handbags and contents
mobile telephones
household and car keys
strollers
other valuables
two or more items strapped/taped/tied together (items must be checked in individually)
Passengers should ensure that accurate details are provided in the booking process so any changes can be notified. To the extent permitted by law, the airline excludes liability for any costs, expenses, losses or damages incurred by the passenger as a result of failure to meet a schedule.
The airline does not guarantee it will be able to carry you and your baggage in accordance with the date and time of the flights specified. Schedules may change and flights may be delayed or cancelled for a range of reasons including but not limited to bad weather, air traffic control delays, strikes, technical disruptions, network changes and late inbound aircraft.
If the airline cannot commence or complete its contract for carriage by air it will, if required by the passenger, forward them as soon as possible to their destination by other available means. Alternatively, the airline shall refund the fare paid by the passenger for themselves and their luggage less the value of any flown kilometres. Beyond providing such substituted carriage or refund, the carrier shall be under no further liability.
If your baggage has not been located within 14 days, a claim form will be sent to you. It is important that you complete the claim form with full details of your missing baggage and its contents, and return it to us as soon as you can. We will then initiate a second-level search and if your baggage has not been located within 21 days of your travel date, we will begin a claim process.
Return to top
5.Dangerous goods
For full details see Airnorth's Dangerous Goods Guidelines.
6. Restricted items - international flights
In response to various threats - including those posed by liquid explosives - security arrangements have been reinforced. Passengers on international flights to and from Australia are only allowed to carry a small amount of liquids (including aerosols and gels) in their carry-on baggage. The restriction covers items such as drinks, creams, perfumes, sprays, gels, toothpaste and other similar substances.
Liquids are only allowed in carry-on baggage if they are in containers up to 100ml in capacity and these containers are put in a one-litre, re-sealable transparent plastic bag.
Having carry-on liquids organised in the plastic bag before arriving at the security screening point will minimise delays and disruption. The bags can be purchased at most supermarkets.
Containers must not exceed 100ml
Containers must fit comfortably within a re-sealable one-litre transparent plastic bag
Only one bag per passenger
Plastic bag must measure approximately 20cm x 20cm or 15cm x 25cm
Medicines in limited quantities and alcoholic beverages may be carried in checked baggage or cabin baggage- maximum two litres or two kilos.
Exemptions
Passengers may carry on board prescription medicines where the name on the medicine matches the name on the boarding pass. Baby products and non-prescription medicines necessary for the flight are also allowed.
In addition, any person passing through an international screening point may be subject to a frisk search (this selection occurs randomly). All frisk searches are undertaken by a person of the same gender.
For more information on security measures, including the carriage of duty-free, please contact us or go to the Australian Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government website: www.infrastructure.gov.au
Return to top
7. Fares and fare rules
All tickets are issued subject to general conditions of contract and to the terms and conditions of carriage. Specific fare rules vary dependent upon the type of ticket purchased. Please ensure you fully aware of the specific terms and conditions applying to your ticket before purchase.
Discount airfares on Airnorth services are non-refundable once the ticket has been issued.
Further information can be found on the Fare Rules page
Return to top
8. Fees and surcharges
The total price paid for the ticket may include taxes and other surcharges which are levied by third parties such as airport operators or government bodies and collected by Airnorth on their behalf.
In addition the fees and surcharges may be applied on certain Airnorth fares. More information.
9. Special needs and assistance
Airnorth acknowledges that some customers will need special assistance to meet our conditions of carriage and is committed to accommodate those passengers within the limits of our capability and practicality. Examples of special needs passengers include unaccompanied children, flying when pregnant, travelling with pets or with a medical condition. In order to provide the best possible service Airnorth requires advance notice in certain circumstances for further guidance please check our special needs and assistance section.
Further information can be found on the Special Needs page.
Compassionate Fares
Subject to terms and conditions, Airnorth may be able to provide assistance to passengers requiring last minute airfares due to family bereavement or unexpected serious illness.
Contact Airnorth Reservations for further assistance or information.
Return to top
10. Medical Needs
Airnorth provides special assistance to passengers who:
need to travel with a guide dog
need to travel with a hearing or mobility dog
require a wheelchair to reach the aircraft
require two seats for themselves
For your special assistance requirements, please contact Airnorth prior to making a booking.
A passenger with special medical and/or mobility needs is required to travel with Airnorth with an Accompanying Passenger*. If the passenger can travel independently, meaning that they can travel safely without assistance or supervision Airnorth will allow boarding. Please contact Airnorth on 1800 627 474 for further information.
*Accompanying Passenger means a paying passenger who, in our reasonable opinion, can travel independently and is able to and will provide the appropriate assistance, supervision, or both, as is required for the particular customer they are accompanying. As a guide, Airnorth generally will not consider a passenger to be an appropriate Accompanying Passenger for a child unless the passenger is at least 15 years old.
Greater Freedom Fare
A passenger who has special needs must book through Airnorth Reservations on 1800 627 474. If Airnorth requires the passenger to be accompanied in-flight by a safety assistant, a special fare called the "Greater Freedom Fare" may be available for that safety assistant. The Greater Freedom Fare is 10% of the full economy fare and is fully flexible up to the date of travel without additional fees.
If the passenger is remaining longer than three days at the first destination, the safety assistant may return to the uplift point and return to the first destination to accompany the passenger on the return journey. All sectors will be at 10% per person plus taxes and charges when applicable.
Disability Access Facilitation Information Form
Individual customers have different needs and require different types and levels of assistance. To ensure that assistance can be adequately provided, passengers are advised to provide Airnorth with information regarding their requirements prior to travel. This is done through the use of a Disability Access Facilitation Information Form (DAFI) available upon request.
Airnorth respects the privacy of its customers and endeavours to obtain this information once per customer, and to retain it in a special needs profile.
Further information can be found on the Special Needs page.
Return to top
11. Flight schedules
The carrier reserves the right to substitute without notice any other aircraft for that originally scheduled, or to transfer the passenger without notice to the other aircraft at any intermediate stopping place and all the conditions of this ticket shall remain applicable to such substituted carriage.
Connecting flights
Airnorth does not guarantee flight connections with other airlines/multiple flights or cover expenses resulting from missed connections. It is the passenger's responsibility when making bookings to allow time for baggage collection and re-check. Travel insurance is recommended.
Minimum connecting time between Airnorth flights:
Airnorth Domestic to Airnorth domestic - 30 minutes (when holding boarding passes for both flights) otherwise 45 minutes
Airnorth Domestic to Airnorth International - 90 minutes
Airnorth International to Airnorth Domestic - 90 minutes
Passengers connecting from another airline's flight onto an Airnorth service, including codeshare bookings, are required to allow a minimum of 2 hours connecting time.
Passengers connecting from an Airnorth flight onto another airline's service, are required to refer to the individual carrier's check in requirements/minimum connecting times.
Return to top
12. Check-in
In order to ensure on-time departures every passenger should complete check-in formalities at least 60 minutes and no later than 30 minutes before departure for domestic flights and at least 90 minutes and no later than 45 minutes before departure for international flights.
Passengers departing from Melbourne Airport (Terminal 4) should complete check-in formalities at least 90 minutes and no later than 45 minutes before departure.
If passengers have not completed check-in formalities by the minimum times stated travel will not be permitted and depending on your fare conditions, a failure to check-in on time may also result in:
the loss of the fare. You will need to make a new booking and pay for a new ticket if you wish to travel, OR
the payment of a change fee plus any difference between the fare for your new booking and the original fare.
Web Check-in Conditions
You have 15 minutes to complete your Web Check-In
The earliest you can use Web Check-In is 24 hours prior to your flight departure time
Your original booking MUST have been made with Airnorth or through an Agent that has issued Airnorth travel documents in order to use the application
Passengers travelling with baggage to be checked in must go to an Airnorth counter to check in baggage and receive a baggage confirmation
Passengers travelling with cabin baggage only are reminded that this baggage must comply with Airnorth baggage dimensions or they may be required to check in over-size cabin baggage at the Airport. Information on baggage dimensions can be found here.
By using the web check in application you are confirming you have read, understand and will abide by the Airnorth Dangerous Goods Policy
You are reminded that you may be asked to produce photo identification at the boarding gate
Qantas Code Share Passengers
Passengers travelling on Qantas or other carrier travel documents cannot use web check in
Special Need Requirement Passengers/Unaccompanied Minors
Passengers with special need requirements or unaccompanied minors travelling on our services must check in with our staff at the airport and not through web Check-In
Airnorth Routes Excluded
Some Airnorth routes are excluded from web check in for operational reasons. You will be directed to contact our Airport staff in the event you try to check in to one of these excluded flights.
Go to Web Check In
Return to top
13. Security
Domestic flights
If you have an e-ticket or paper ticket and are travelling within Australia, please bring photographic identification such as a driver's licence or passport or social security card.
Electronic tickets
An electronic ticket (e-ticket) is a ticket that is stored electronically rather than being printed on paper. You should carry your e-ticket receipt at all times for both international and domestic flights.
Photographic identification
The following are the only acceptable forms of photographic identification all of which must be valid at the time of travel:
National passport or
Motor vehicle driver's licence issued under a law of the Commonwealth of Australia, or of an Australian State or Territory or
Document that identifies you, issued by:
the Commonwealth of Australia or
an Australian State or Territory or
by an authority of the Commonwealth of Australia, or an Australian State or Territory; or
An aviation security identification card issued by the operator of the aircraft or the operator of an airport in Australia
Return to top
14. International travel
It is the passenger’s responsibility to ensure that all travel documentation including passports and visas fully comply with the requirements of the country to be visited.
Further information on International Travel requirements can be found here.
Return to top
15. Smoking
In accordance with Civil Aviation regulations, smoking is not permitted on all Airnorth flights and in all Australian domestic terminals.
Return to top
Home
| Legal disclaimer and privacy policy | Site map
© Airnorth. All rights reserved | Website by Captovate