https://www.trimpleysailingclub.co.uk/data-privacy-policy-membership/
Trimpley Sailing Club
Family Friendly Sailing In The Severn Valley
Home
Training
Learn to Sail at TSC
Improving Your Skills
What To Bring
Other Opportunities
Racing
Racing At Trimpley
Getting Started With Racing
The Race Calendar
About Us
About Us
The Essentials
The Boats We Sail
Membership
Becoming A Member
WebCollect
Duties
Data Privacy Policy (Membership)
Results
Results 2020
Results 2019
Results 2018
Results 2017
Results 2016
Results 2015
Results 2014
Results 2013
Contact Us
General Enquiries
How To Find Us
Facebook
Twitter
Galleries
About This Policy
1.1 This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about our members and instructors, how we use it and how we keep it secure and your rights in relation to it.
1.2 We may collect, use and store your personal data, as described in this Data Privacy Policy and as described when we collect data from you.
1.3 We reserve the right to amend this Data Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. You are advised to checkour website or our Club notice board regularly for any amendments (but amendments will not be made retrospectively).
1.4 We will always comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when dealing with your personal data. Further details on the GDPR can be found at the website for the Information Commissioner. For the purposes of the GDPR, we will be the “controller” of all personal data we hold about you.
Who We Are
2.1 We are Trimpley Sailing Club. You can email us at: info@trimpleysailingclub.co.uk. Other contact details are on our website.
What Information We Collect and Why
Type of informationPurposesLegal basis of processingMember’s name, address, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses.Managing the Member’s membership of the Club, keeping in touch with the Member (including by newsletter) and managing the duty roster. Performing the Club’s contract with the Member and our legitimate interests in operating the Club. The names and ages of the Member’s dependantsManaging the Member’s and their dependants membership of the Club.Performing the Club’s contract with the Member.Emergency contact detailsContacting next of kin in the event of emergencyProtecting the Member’s vital interests and those of their dependantsDate of birth / age related informationManaging membership categories which are age related.Performing the Club’s contract with the Member.Gender of the Member and their dependantsFor the club to provide adequate facilities for members and for the reporting of diversity data to the RYA. Our legitimate interests in making sure that we can provide sufficient and suitable facilities (including changing rooms and toilets) for each gender and the legitimate interests of the RYA to maintain diversity data as required by Sports Councils. The Member’s name, boat name, number and sail numberManaging race entries and race results, including the publishing of race results at the club, online, with other clubs, class associations, the RYA and providing race results to local and national media, and for allocating moorings and compound spaces. Our legitimate interests in holding races for the benefit of members of the Club, promoting the Club and operating the Club in the members best interests.Photos and videos of Members and their boats where Member is identified.Putting on the Club’s website, social media pages, newsletter and using in press releases.Consent. We will seek the Member’s consent. The Member may withdraw their consent at any time by contacting us by e-mail or letter to tell us that they no longer wish their image to be used.Bank account details of the member or other person making payment to the ClubManaging the Member’s and their dependants’ membership of the Club, the provision of services and events.Performing the Club’s contract with the Member.The Member’s name and e-mail address, whilst a current member and for up to two years after ceasing to be a member of the ClubPassing to the RYA for the RYA to conduct surveys of Members and former members of the Club. See paragraph 5.3 below.For the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating the Club and / or the legitimate interests of the RYA in its capacity as the national body for all forms of boating.Instructor’s name, address, email addresses, phone numbers and relevant qualifications and/or experience.Managing instruction at the Club.Our legitimate interests in ensuring that we can contact those offering instruction and provide details of instructors to members.Name, e-mail address and telephone number of each Club OfficerInformation published on Club’s website, in Club’s newsletter and other publications, in the Club’s marketing materials and made available to the RYA, in each case as a point of contact at the ClubFor the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating and promoting the ClubName, e-mail address and telephone number of each Club committee memberInformation published on Club’s websiteFor the purposes of our legitimate interests in operating and promoting the ClubEmployees and representatives of suppliers to the ClubEntering into and managing arrangements with suppliersEntering into and performing contracts with suppliers
How We Protect Your Personal Data.
4.1 We will not transfer your personal data outside the EU without your consent.
4.2 We have implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect personal data from loss, misuse, or unauthorised alteration or destruction.
4.3 Please note however that where you are transmitting information to us over the internet this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
4.4 For any payments which we take from you online we will use a recognised online secure payment system.
4.5 We will notify you promptly in the event of any breach of your personal data which might expose you to serious risk.
Who else has access to the information you provide us?
5.1 We will never sell your personal data. We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where we are required to do so by law or as set out in the table above or in paragraphs 5.2 and 5.3 below.
5.2 We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (e.g. to print newsletters and send you mailings). We do this for the purpose of our legitimate interests in operating the Club and for performing our contract with you. However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes. It is possible that third parties may themselves engage others (sub-processors) to process your data. Where this is the case third parties will be required to have contractual arrangements with their sub-processor(s) that ensure your information is kept secure and not used for their own purposes.
5.3 We may also pass your personal data to the RYA for the purposes of carrying out surveys when it is in the legitimate interest of the club and the RYA to do so. The RYA may use third parties to carry out the surveys but disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to do so and will have a contract in place that require the third party to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes.
How long do we keep your information?
6.1 We will hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a member of the Club and for as long afterwards as it is in the Clubs’ legitimate interest to do so or for as long as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will review your personal data every year to establish whether we are still entitled to process it. If we decide that we are not entitled to do so, we will stop processing your personal data except that we will retain your personal data in an archived form in order to be able to comply with future legal obligations e.g. compliance with tax requirements and exemptions, and the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
6.2 We securely destroy all financial information once we have used it and no longer need it.
Your Rights Explained
7.1 It is important that you understand what rights you have in respect of the Personal Data and Special Category Personal Data that we hold about you. To let us know that you wish us to exercise any of your rights outlined above please contact our Membership Secretary (membership@trimpleysailingclub.co.uk).
The right to be informed (knowing how we will use your data)
You have the right to be told how we will use your Personal Data – which is set out in this policy.
The right of access (being provided with copies of your data)
You have the right to ask us to provide you with a copy of your Personal Data. We will supply any information you ask for as soon as possible but may take up to 1 month once we are satisfied as to your identity. We will not charge you for this. This is called a data subject access request.
The right to rectification (changing incorrect information we hold).
If you believe our records are inaccurate you have the right to ask for those records concerning you to be updated. Contact details for any requests can be found above.
The right to be forgotten (erasure) (requesting deletion of your Personal Data)
In some cases, you have the right to be forgotten (i.e. to have your Personal Data deleted from our database).
The right to restrict processing (limiting how we use your data)
In certain situations you have the right to ask for processing of your Personal Data to be restricted because there is some disagreement about its accuracy or legitimate usage.
The right to data portability (moving your data in a useable format)
You have the right to request the Personal Data you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party – in certain situations.
The right to object (when we must stop processing your data)
You have the right to object to us processing data purely for our legitimate interests. If you make such a request, we must stop processing your Personal Data unless: we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms; or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The right not to be subject to automated decision making including profiling (making a decision solely by automated means without any human involvement).
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. Trimpley Sailing Club does not undertake automated decision making or profiling.
7.2 You have the right to take any complaints about how we process your personal data to the Information Commissioner:
Information Commissioner’s WebsiteTelephone: 0303 123 1113
Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshire SK9 5AF
7.3 For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, please see the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individuals’ rights under the General Data Protection Regulation.
Search for:
Related Posts
Contact UsBecoming A MemberThe EssentialsContact Us
Facebook
Facebook
TwitterMy Tweets
NavigationArchived: Home
Learn to Sail at TSC
Racing At Trimpley
About Us
Membership
Duties
Contact Us
Recent Posts
More frisky pursuit sailing
A frisky day at TSC-September 27th, 2020
Trophy Winners 2019-20 ( 2 )
Trophy Winners 2019-20 (1)
Sailing Awards 2019-20
Popular Pages
New Duty Roster may 28th To Sep 18th 2016
Learn to Sail at TSC
How To Find Us
About Us
More frisky pursuit sailing
Disclaimer All content Copyright © 2019 Trimpley Sailing Club. All Rights Reserved.
We try to keep things up to date, but things are subject to change and we can’t guarantee that all information on this website is correct.
Committee login