http://www.swoj.com/privacy/
Home
Videos
Games
Music
Contact
Privacy Policy
Collection of your personal data
Swoj.com recognizes that you care about the personal information that is held about you and how that is used.
This privacy policy applies to all personal data, submitted by you, to the Swoj.com web site.
By registering to Swoj.com you need to submit a chosen name and contact information, more specifically an e-mail address. No extremely personal information, such as Social Security or Credit Card numbers are stored by us.
Swoj.com also stores and reads cookies to and from your computer. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our forums and general website features to recognize your browser for when you return to this web site. By using this website, you agree that both the webserver, and any trusted 3rd party we chose, such as advertising networks, may place a tracking cookie on your machine and access it at any time during your session. In general, cookies are safe and are not a security issue when being used from 'trusted' internet sites, such as Swoj.Com . For information on how to manage cookies in your browser, please visit AboutCookies.org
Swoj.com will not sell, transmit or distribute any data held without your prior permission or consent, unless required to do so under relevant legislation.
All other information provided by you goes into a "public profile" and is entirely optional, all information held in that profile is held there at your own risk. This info is edited via your Control Panel in the forums.
You have a legal right for the personal information held at Swoj.com to be updated if it is incorrect or deleted if you choose.
At present Swoj.com does not store any personal information about site visitors, however this policy will be updated once site registration is available.
Swoj.com will take all reasonable effort to ensure that all personal information about you submitted is maintained secure on our server. However, we make no warranty to this.
This site is intended for individuals over the age of 13. Any information collected is intended to be of individuals over the age of 13. According to COPPA, our site does NOT cater to children. "Operators of commercial websites or online services directed to children under 13 that collect personal information from children" require a COPPA agreement and privacy policy. Since we do not cater to this age group, no COPPA exists on Swoj.com
This Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check this page for updates or changes. If you have any questions regarding your privacy, then Contact Us
Cookies
www.swoj.com uses cookies in order to distinguish unique visitors of the website and to ensure that your experience on the website is as smooth as possible. This is achieved using 'session' based cookies and Google Analytics
'Session' based cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and exist only until you close your browser. These help in the techincal delivery of the website and it's content.
Google Analytics collects information about website usage that allows us to understand how our website is used. This information does not allow us to identify you as an individual, while are able to see your IP address, Google Analytics does not collection personal information such as name and email address. You can read more information about Google Analytics on the Google Privacy Policy page.
For more information about Cookie control, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org