http://www.clubtread.org/terms-conditions
Victoria Club Tread -
Menu
Home
Join VCT
Schedule
VCT
Policies
Documents
Members Area
Terms & Conditions
History
Terms and Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Member", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Victoria Club Tread’s terms and conditions. "The Victoria Club Tread", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to the Victoria Club Tread. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Member and ourselves, or either the Member or ourselves. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.Privacy StatementWe are committed to protecting your privacy. Only authorized volunteers, within the Victoria Club Tread, use any information collected from individual members, on a need-to-know basis. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our members. Parliament has created specific offenses for unauthorized actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsibleConfidentialityMember records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Members have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Member Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Members are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Members with written information and copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by the Victoria Club Tread will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.DisclaimerExclusions and Limitations The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Victoria  Club Tread:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Victoria Club Tread’s literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised the Victoria Club Tread of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected. Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within the Victoria Club Tread on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way that is different to that stated above without your explicit permission.CookiesLike most interactive web sites the Victoria Club Tread website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.Links to this website You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.Links from this website We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. The Victoria  Club Tread will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.Copyright Notice Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text and images and the full content of this website. All rights reserved. This web site, including: text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these Materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal, non-profit, and non-commercial use. Users must gain permission from each artist or the Victoria  Club Tread for use of each individual image. Force MajeureNeither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavors to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.WaiverFailure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.GeneralThe laws of Canada govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Canadian courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Victoria Club Tread to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the Victoria Club Tread.Notification of ChangesThe Victoria Club Tread reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basisThese terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Victoria Club Tread, our members and the users of this website. April 14, 2014
Members Login Link
Registered Members LoginMenuMenu
About Us
New Members
Renewing Members
Privacy
CLUB TREAD
Contact Information
President:
Treasurer:
Membership Director:
General Inquiries:
Victoria Club Tread on Meetup.com
Website:
Victoria Club Tread on Facebook
Menu
Administrators