http://www.cavedivers.com.au/privacy
Home
Your Privacy Rights
The Cave Divers Association of Australia (CDAA) respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our members and website visitors. We adhere to the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cwth). This policy sets out how we collect and treat your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, sharing and protection of your personal information. It applies to the CDAA website and all related sites, applications, services and tools regardless of how you access or use them.
We may modify this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy.
Personal information
“Personal information” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you.
CDAA will, from time to time, receive and store personal information you enter onto our website, provided to us directly, or given to us in other forms.
You may provide basic information such as your name, phone number, address and email address to enable us to send information, provide updates and process your product or service order. We may collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, when you provide information about your personal or business affairs, change your content or email preference, respond to surveys and/or promotions, provide financial or credit card information, or communicate with our customer support. Additionally, we may also collect any other information you provide while interacting with us.
When you come to our website (http://www.cavedivers.com.au) we may collect certain information such as browser type, operating system, website visited immediately before coming to our site, etc. This information is used in an aggregated manner to analyse how people use our site, such that we can improve our service. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been aggregated or made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the types of disclosure covered by this Policy.
How we collect information about you
CDAA collects personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you interact with us electronically or in person, when you access our website and when we provide our services to you. We may receive personal information from third parties. If we do, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
In order to help protect you from fraud and misuse of your personal information, we may collect information about your use and interaction with our services. For example, we may evaluate your computer, mobile phone or other access device to identify any malicious software or activity.
How we use cookies
We may from time to time use cookies on our website. Cookies are very small files which a website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the site. Cookies are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Our website may from time to time use cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
How we protect and store personal information
We store and process your personal information on our computers in Australia, the US, Asia, Europe and elsewhere in the world. We protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls.
The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk. We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
How we use the personal information we collect
CDAA may use personal information collected from you to provide you with information, updates and our services. We may also make you aware of new and additional products, services and opportunities available to you. We may use your personal information to improve our products and services and better understand your needs.
CDAA may contact you by a variety of measures including, but not limited to telephone, email, SMS or mail.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalise our services, content, and advertising. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply follow the directions for unsubscribing provided within the communication.
Links to third-party websites
Our site may from time to time have links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that CDAA is not responsible for the privacy practises of other such websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal identifiable information.
How you can access or change your personal information
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cwth). A small administrative fee may be payable for the provision of information. If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you or believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please email us at privacy@cavedivers.com.au.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act.
How you can contact us about privacy questions
If you have any questions or complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to send in details of your complaints to P.O Box 544, Mt. Gambier SA 5291, Australia. We take complaints very seriously and will try to resolve any complaints within 10 working days after receiving written notice. If your complaint is not satisfactorily resolved, you may apply to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) to have the complaint heard and determined. When we write to you about our decision, we will explain how you may make a complaint to the OAIC.