http://www.birdguides.com/information/competition-terms/
Information
Competition Terms
Competition General Terms & Conditions
Published April 2018
Warners Group Publications Plc, The Maltings, West Street, Bourne, Lincs. PE10 9PH – Tel:+44 (0)1778 391000
These Competition Terms and Conditions are our general terms, they apply to every competition featuring on any Warners Group Publications Plc website, in any of our paper magazine brands, at any of our own events or on our brand show stands at other events.
Each competition will also have its own specific terms and conditions around how to enter, what the opening/closing dates are, what the competition winner’s prize will be etc.
You should always read these general terms together with any specific terms. If any specific terms conflict with these general terms, the specific terms will take precedence.
By entering any Warners Group Publications competition(s) you are accepting that you will be legally bound by these general terms and any applicable specific terms.
We may change these general terms at any time so you should check this page regularly for any changes. Changes will apply from the date that they are published on this page.
Only one entry per household is permitted, multiple entries will be disqualified.
Warners Group Publications Plc employees and family members of any company associated with the competition are not eligible to enter.
Persons under 13 years of age may only enter with the written permission of a parent or legal guardian.
The winners will be the first eligible entries, drawn at random, after the closing date.
By entering the competition, you confirm that all information submitted by you is true, current and complete. Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to verify the eligibility of all entrants.
There is no purchase requirement to enter an online prize draw style competition. In order to enter online registration is required as part of the entry process, there is no charge to register with any Warners Group Publications Plc website.
Any personal data relating to entrants will not be disclosed to a third party without the individual’s consent. Please see our Privacy Policy for full details of our commitment to your data security.
The winners will be contacted within 28 days of the draw closing date.
We reserve the right (when reasonably required to do so) to replace the stated prizes with prizes that we consider to be of broadly equivalent value. We offer no cash alternative for non-cash prizes and prize winners must accept prizes in the form offered.
No alternative prize or cash in lieu will be offered and the prize is non-transferable.
Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to disqualify any entrant if it has reasonable grounds to believe the entrant has breached any of the rules.
In the event of any dispute regarding the rules, conduct, results and all other matters relating to a competition, the decision of the judge(s) shall be final and no correspondence or discussion shall be entered into.
Warners Group Publications Plc will not be liable if a prize does not reach a prize-winner for any reason outside of their control or if a prize is damaged during delivery.
Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition in the event of unforeseen circumstances or circumstances outside its reasonable control.
Winners may be requested to take part in promotional activity and Warners Group Publications Plc reserves the right to use the names and addresses of winners in any publicity both in paper and online.
Latest Rarities
View all sightings
10/12/2020
22:24
Eurasian Penduline Tit
Somerset & Bristol
Details
10/12/2020
20:57
Ring-billed Gull
Cornwall
Details
10/12/2020
20:50
Glossy Ibis
Dorset
Details
10/12/2020
19:40
Siberian Chiffchaff
Cornwall
Details
10/12/2020
19:38
Kumlien's Gull
Cornwall
Details
* Bird News Pro and Bird News Ultimate subscribers receive full sighting details.
Submit your sighting
Have you seen something interesting? Click Submit to share your rare bird sightings via our simple form.
Submit
Start Your Free Trial Today!
Latest Issue
On Sale: 26 November 2020
Subscribe
Buy Now
Top
Back
We value your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience of this website by remembering your usage preferences, collecting statistics, and targeting relevant content. If you continue to use this site we’ll assume you’re happy to receive all cookies.
I Accept
Review settings