https://www.astsports.com.au/privacy-policy
Loading
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes in general terms the information we collect, how we collect it, and what we do with it.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Your InformationThe term “personal information” refers to information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, contact details, travel preferences and special needs/disabilities/dietary requirements that you supply us or is supplied to us, and includes any information about other persons on your booking (“personal information”).
How we Collect Personal InformationPersonal information is collected directly from you when you request information from us, when you submit any information to us (for example, by completing a survey), when you contact us (and vice versa) or make a booking. The type of personal information we collect is the information that is needed to assist you with your travel arrangements and bookings. You are responsible for ensuring that other members of your party are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the collection of such personal information by us, and you consent to our use of the personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Our Use of Personal InformationWe use your personal information for the purpose of providing you with the travel goods and services you request, to provide you with travel confirmation and updates; to manage your booking (including processing bills and providing travel notifications), to communicate with you in general, and to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you.
Disclosure of Personal InformationWe may share your personal information with our suppliers in order to fulfil your requests. In addition, we may be required to disclose and process your personal information for customs, immigration, border control and security-related purposes, or any other purposes which they determine appropriate. These requirements may differ depending on your destination and you are advised to check. Even if not mandatory, we may exercise our discretion to assist where appropriate.
We may disclose your personal information to our group companies for business purposes and also to companies who act as “data processors” on our behalf, or to our service providers operating systems or business functions on our behalf These business purposes include administration, providing services (and contacting you where necessary), customer care, service quality, business management and operation, re-organisation/structuring/sale of our business (or group companies), risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, marketing, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection.
Each of the above means that your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in another country where those third parties with whom we share your personal information as described in this Policy are located. Accordingly, the consent you provide under this Policy to the collection and disclosure of personal information by us, applies equally to the third parties for whom we act.
If you do not agree to Our Use of Your Information above, we cannot do business with you or accept your booking.
Marketing MaterialUsing your information, we may from time to time contact you with or make available to you (directly or indirectly) information on offers of goods and services, brochures, new products, forthcoming events or competitions from our holiday divisions and our group companies. We will tailor the information you receive or see; this will enable us to make available to you more personalised and relevant communications.
We may use innovative technologies and work with business partners to achieve this.
We will assume you agree to email when you make an e-booking or provide us with your email in other situations such as in-store, competitions, promotions, prize draws and social media.
You have the right to ask in writing not to receive direct marketing material from us. If available, you can amend your previous preference on our website(s), use our “unsubscribe email”, opt-out of personalised emails or refer to our literature containing instructions. Once properly notified by you, we will take steps to stop using your information in this way.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal InformationSubject to the exceptions set out in the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000, you can access and update your information by contacting us at: info@astsports.com.au, or by calling 1800 026 668 or +61 (0) 2 8354 1555. If we deny access, we will provide you with the reason for such denial. We may recover from you our reasonable costs of supplying you with access to this information.
USE OF TOOLS/"COOKIES" AND LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESIf our contact and dealing with you is via our website(s), we may use cookies.
By using our website(s), you consent to our use of cookies.
Our website(s) may contain links to third party websites or micro-sites not controlled or owned by us. For example, reference sites or ancillary products and services sites or websites owned by our sister companies. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites before using them. Please read their applicable terms and conditions, etc. carefully.
MONITORINGTo ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately, improve our service and for security, we may monitor and/or record: (1) telephone calls; and (3) transactions and activities on our website. All recordings are and shall remain our sole property.
SECURITY STATEMENTWe have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect the personal information we collect.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICYAny changes to this Policy will be posted on our website and a copy will be made available on request.
Privacy Policy