https://www.seafin.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Private Party Cruises
Post Lockdown Day Charters
Private Party Cruises
Stag and Hen Parties
The Hut, Colwell Bay
Wedding Reception venue
Birthday Celebrations
Ashes Scattering
LONGER CHARTERS
Typical Itinerary
Accommodation
Prices & Booking
CORPORATE
Post Lockdown Day Charters
Corporate Charter and Hospitality
Spectator Boat
The Hut, Colwell Bay
Christmas Parties
Calendar of Events
Meetings & Entertainment
Typical Itinerary
Client Retention
Prices & Booking
Availability
Availability
Prices & Booking
About Seafin
History
Gallery
Behind the scenes with Paul
Food & Drink
Jet Skis
StandUp Paddleboards
RIBs
Virtual Tour of Seafin
Destinations
Testimonials
Useful Info
Latest News
Seafin Policy Regarding Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Getting to us
Meet us
Guest information
Customer Service Award
Gift Vouchers
Terms & Conditions
Our Environmental Policy
Contact Us
Please see our amended booking terms for COVID-19
See COVID 19 Terms
Government rules regarding Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Post Lockdown Celebration get togethers
2020 Getaway options
'If you have not experienced this you are missing out'
Testimonials
Family Holidays with a difference
Floating Staycations
Have more questions?
Contact us
Please see our amended booking terms for COVID-19
See COVID 19 Terms
Join us to see the Bramble Bank cricket match!
Missed out on sport?
Floting Beach Hut Days
Seafin for a day!
Have further questions?
Contact us
Seafin Activity Days
Activity Days
Seafin is a prestigious classic motor cruising yacht owned, managed and run by Hamble Point Yacht Charters, one of the longest established, privately owned, yacht charter companies in the UK’s premier sailing area, The Solent.We put the customer at the heart of our operations, and we take protecting your data as seriously as we take providing outstanding group events on Seafin.
In Brief
When you provide us with your data, we will use it to provide you with the service(s) about which you have enquired or booked. We will use your data in a responsible and legitimate way and in a manner which you would reasonably expect.
We will take reasonable steps to secure your data and will not provide your details to other organisations unless we are compelled by law to do so.  You can ask us for details of the information we hold, and you may request we make changes to incorrect or out-of-date information. You can also unsubscribe to any of our marketing emails at any time.
Seafin Privacy Policy
How we collect, store and use your data
Visitors to our Website
When someone visits www.seafin.co.uk a third party service, Google Analytics, uses a cookie to collect information about visitor behaviour. This helps us to understand how our website is being used and can help us identify which parts may need improving. We do not make, nor allow Google Analytics to make, any attempt to identify individuals from this information.
Email Or Website Enquiries
If you send us an email or submit an enquiry form through our website, you will be providing your personal contact details. We will store these details on our secure server and use them to keep you updated about the service you requested, contact you to obtain additional information ahead of a charter and to identify previous purchases in order to determine eligibility for any customer discount.
We cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted over the internet and you accept this when you submit your enquiry.
How We Use Your Personal Information
For Your Wellbeing & Safety
Before you and your guests embark on Seafin, we will ask you to provide additional details about the requirement of your group which includes any dietary requirements and any relevant medical conditions or disabilities which would affect your guests’ ability to participate in the day.  We will only use this data for the purpose of providing suitable catering and making any reasonable modifications to enable guests to participate.
The skipper will ask anyone with any relevant medical conditions which would require particular attention should an incident occur whilst at sea, when medical assistance is further away, to identify themselves to him during the voyage.
For Seafin Marketing
We will ask you if you would like to receive our quarterly email newsletter. If you agree, you will be added to our mailing list. We use a 3rd party data processor, MailChimp, to send our newsletter.
You have the right to change your mind and can withdraw consent at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link within each newsletter, or by contacting us on 02380 457110 or seafin@yacht-charter.co.uk to request removal.  Customers will still receive emails regarding their charter(s) and account.
We may also send an annual postal mailing to the address you provide us with, which includes the latest price list for Seafin. We may provide your name and address to a 3rd party mailing house to fulfil this mailing for us. If you would prefer not to receive such a mailing please contact us on 02380 457110 or seafin@yacht-charter.co.uk to request removal.  Customers may still receive letters regarding their charter(s) and account.
We will not pass or sell your data to anyone else for their marketing, market research or commercial purposes.
Your Rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you by emailing your request to seafin@yacht-charter.co.uk or by writing to us at: Seafin c/o Hamble Point Yacht Charters, Hamble Point Marina, School Lane, Hamble, SO31 4JD
If you believe any of the information we hold to be incorrect or out of date, you may request us to amend or remove it.
You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing emails and can unsubscribe at any time.
Business Transfers
In the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganisation, or acquisition, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
Links to Other Websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact info@yacht-charter.co.uk or by writing to us at: Hamble Point Yacht Charter, Hamble Point Marina, School Lane, Hamble, SO31 4JD
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This privacy notice was last updated on 24th May 2018.
SocialFacebookTwitterTripadvisor
Seafin CharterPrices & BookingAvailabilityCorporate Charter and HospitalityPrivate Party CruisesSpecial Event CruisesLonger Charters or Holidays
Subscribe to our newsletter below:
Name Email*