http://www.mugshots.com/site-policies
Advertise Here
Home » Site Policies
Record Maintenance
Mugshots.com does not charge for removing or updating mugshots/arrest records published within The Mugshots.com Database.
Mugshots/Arrest records are only removed with Expungement, Seal, No Information, Record Restriction, Identity Theft or Death.
Please use the appropriate email address specified below when submitting your request.
Please include your Mugshots.com ID with your request.
EXPUNGEMENT, SEAL, NO INFORMATION, RESTRICTION or IDENTIY THEFT (SEE DEATH BELOW)
If your case has been expunged, sealed, order to be destroyed etc. or an identity theft, you can submit the court documentation (must be signed by a judge and sealed by the court and be legible) to mugshots.com1@gmail.com for consideration. Your record will be removed* free of charge.The Mugshots.com Database fields these requests on a first come first serve basis and does not guarantee the timeliness of the removal*. This process can take up to 10 business days. Non-legible documents will be discarded and no notification will be provided. *Please take your time and submit the documentation in good order and you will be removed from public view free of charge.
FAVORABLE DISPOSITIONS – NOT GUILTY, DISMISSSAL, ACQUITTED, EXONERATED, PARDONED, NOLLE PROSEQUI, ADJUDICATION WITHELD, NO FILE – ETC
If you have had a favorable disposition your case can be updated (*not a removal and court documentation required) free of charge on the Mugshots.com Database. You can submit the court documentation (disposition documentation must be signed by a judge and sealed by the court and be legible) to docverify1@gmail.com for consideration. Your record will be updated* free of charge.The Mugshots.com Database fields these requests on a first come first serve basis and does not guarantee the timeliness of the update. This process can take up to 10 business days. Non-legible documents will be discarded and no notification as to update* will be provided. Please take your time and submit the documentation in good order and your arrest record will be updated* free of charge. *Your disposition will be prominently displayed on all pages relating to your arrest.
NON-FAVORABLE DISPOSITIONS
If you have had a non-favorable disposition your case can be updated (*not a removal and court documentation required) free of charge on the Mugshots.com Database. If you have satisfied all court requirements, fines, finished probation or a time served order etc. You can submit the court documentation (court satisfaction documents must be signed by the court and be legible) to docverify1@gmail.com for consideration. Your record will be updated* free of charge. The Mugshots.com Database fields these requests on a first come first serve basis and does not guarantee the timeliness of the update*. This process can take up to 10 business days. Non-legible documents will be discarded and no notification as to update will be provided. Please take your time and submit the documentation in good order and you will be updated free of charge. *Your case update will be prominently displayed on all pages relating to your arrest.
DEATH
If a family member has died, their case can be removed free of charge from the Mugshots.com Database. You can submit the certified copy of their Death Certificate (It must be signed by the proper authority and legible) to mugshots.com1@gmail.com for consideration. Your family member will be removed free of charge. The Mugshots.com Database fields these requests on a first come first serve basis and does not guarantee the timeliness of the removal. This process can take up to 10 business days. Non-legible documents will be discarded and no notification as to removal will be provided. Please take your time and submit the documentation in good order and your family member will be removed from public view free of charge.
DEATH THREATS ETC
Death threats and otherwise overly abusive emails or contact forms will be collected and sent to law enforcement. Sending these types of emails or contact forms may disqualify you from our Record Maintenance program. You have a first amendment right to speak your mind. We have a first amendment right to publish public records and keep them in the public eye. You do not have the right to threaten our lives or our families lives. Mugshots.com reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for abusive behavior. Please behave.
The above policy takes effect July 1, 2018 all requests prior to this date will not be accepted.
Mugshots.com mission: To inform the public of arrests and hold government accountable.
About Mugshots.com Site Policies
Mugshots.com acknowledges the sensitive, emotional, yet perfectly legal activity of posting mugshots and arrest records gathered through the various agencies that post or make accessible this sensitive public information. The information provided on and obtained from this site does not constitute an official record. This information is provided as a service to the general public. Any user of this information is hereby advised that it is being provided "as is". The information provided may be subject to errors or omissions. Visitors to this site agree that Mugshots.com is not liable for errors or omissions or any of the information provided. Mugshots.com may deny access to a member of the public for failure to comply with our Site Policies.
ALL TERMS ON THIS PAGE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on March 3, 2013
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for mugshots.com (Company), a Licensee and publisher of The Mugshots.com Database (collectively “mugshots.com”) and to any services that display this notice. The Company mission is to serve the public interest by providing private, public and government Users a free, searchable resource for law enforcement information and related resources. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to mugshots.com includes our mobile messaging services, mobile sites and applications.
Mugshots.com may contain links to other Web sites for your convenience and information. Authorized service providers and advertisers on mugshots.com maintain separate privacy policies of their own. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites.
Non Solicitation Policy
Approved agents are authorized to submit licensing applications for permanent unpublishing, permanent publishing and content editing and perform their services based on inbound requests received from the public or law enforcement officials only. Mugshots.com agents are expressly forbiden from soliciting and do not initiate contact with individuals appearing in “The Mugshots.com Database” and abides by a non-solicitation policy established by Licensor. Agents will only respond to inbound inquiries where the Licensor of “The Mugshots.com Database”, or the disseminator of “The Mugshots.com Database” content, communicates with the agent that an individual is requesting services or the individual personally establishes communication via telephone or electronically with an authorized agent.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
The information mugshots.com gathers falls into two categories: 1) Personal information, which includes personal information you supply when you subscribe, order, complete a survey, register for services provided by one of our authorized vendors, enter a contest or provide your e-mail address and 2) Non-personal information collected through technology, which includes tracking information collected as you use mugshots.com.
User Generated Content and Public Activities (Including Comments, Reader Reviews and mugshots.com blogs)
We offer you opportunities to engage in public activities on mugshots.com. "Public activities" are any actions you take on mugshots.com that are designed to be visible to other users, including comments, information links, recommendations, reader reviews, ratings or any other items that you submit. Any information you disclose in your public activities, along with your screen name or ID, or any image or photo, becomes public and may be used by mugshots.com for online and offline promotional or commercial uses in any and all media. If you choose to engage in public activities, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these areas, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums and mugshots.com has no responsibility to publish, take down, remove or edit any of your public activities or any of your submissions that are a result of your public activities. When you share or recommend (with or without adding your own comments) any mugshots.com articles or content to your Facebook profile, that action is governed by the Facebook Privacy Policy. We do not track or store a record of those comments or actions. By choosing to participate in public activities, you are electing to share and display such public activities via mugshots.com. Also, public activities may be included in RSS feeds, APIs and made available to other Web sites via other formats. As a result, your public activities may appear on other Web sites, blogs, or feeds. Keep in mind that we are not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via your public activities, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you, not mugshots.com.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Special Offers
Mugshots collects personal information from you in connection with optional sweepstakes, contests or special offers. If this information is also being collected by a third party other than mugshots.com, we will notify you at the same time. If you do not want any personal information shared, you may always decline to participate in the sweepstakes, contest or special offer.
User Surveys and Market Research
Mugshots.com may collect personal information from you in connection with voluntary surveys. Data may be collected through mugshots.com, on the phone or through the mail. The information you provide in response to optional survey questions may be shared, but only in the aggregate, with advertisers and partners unless we notify you otherwise at the time of collection.
Non-Personal Information Collected Using Technology
Information Collected by Us Using Technology
Device Information. We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device or other device you use to access mugshots.com, such as IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information.
Cookies
In providing mugshots.com, we use "cookies," Web beacons and other similar technologies to recognize you and provide personalization, as well as to help us understand where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there. You will not be able to access certain areas of our Web sites, including mugshots.com, if your computer does not accept cookies from us.
Analytics Technologies
We have hired third parties to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of users of mugshots.com. These third parties track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on mugshots.com. All data collected by third parties on our behalf is owned and used by us.
IP Addresses
Mugshots.com logs Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to our Web sites and mobile applications.Log Files and Your Reading History. We automatically log certain usage information about your use of mugshots.com. This information includes a reading history of the pages you view.
Location Information
Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app. If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the app. If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history, we will store that information on our servers. If you do not enable the location-based service, or if an app does not have that feature, the app will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store, location information. Ads may be displayed within our apps. The ads you see may betargeted to you based on your current GPS location, or may be targeted to you based on your device's IP address or ZIP code.
Information Collected by Third Parties Using Technology
Some of the services and advertisements included in mugshots.com, and within our mobile apps, are delivered or served by third-party companies that may place or recognize cookies, Web beacons or other technology to track certain non-personal information about our Web site users. For example, in the course of serving certain advertisements, some advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser in order to collect certain information about your use of mugshots.com. In many cases, this information could be used to show you ads based on your interests on other Web sites. We do not have access to, nor control over, advertisers' or service providers' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used. You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Web site:
1) If you would like more information about advertisers' use of cookies, and about your option not to accept these cookies,
2) If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites please opt-out.Your access to our Web sites should not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER ABOUT YOU?
Providing the Services You Request
We use the information we gather about you to enable your use of the mugshots.com services, fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out information and enabling you to participate in paid services, polls, contests, and message boards.
Statistical Analysis
We perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of mugshots.com, and their subscribing and purchasing patterns, for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base. We use this information for analysis purposes, including analysis to improve customer relationships.
Customizing Your Experience
We use the information that we collect to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent. We also use this information to customize certain features of mugshots.com to provide you with an enhanced experienced based on the type of device you are using to access mugshots.com, and in certain cases, provide you with requested services.
Relevant Advertising
We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on mugshots.com to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION THAT WE GATHER?
We also share information about our audience in aggregate or deidentified form. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to restrict mugshots.com use of aggregated or de-identified information in any way. In the future, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, we may include your information among the transferred assets.
Service Providers
We may contract with other companies to provide services to you directly, or on our behalf, including unpublishing services, background check information, credit-card and billing processing, shipping, e-mail distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management. We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services. These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for mugshots.com, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes unless such use is explicitly disclosed in their own privacy policy. We reserve the right to disclose your opt-out information to third parties so they can suppress your name from future solicitations, in accordance with applicable laws. We may occasionally release personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena. (For more information, see the "Compliance with legal process" section of this policy.)
WHAT IS OUR E-MAIL POLICY?
Service-Related E-Mail
Mugshots.com reserves the right to send you e-mail relating to your interactions with us. This includes order confirmations, notices of credit-card problems, other transactional emails and notifications about major changes to the mugshots.com site and database and/or to our Privacy Policy. If you have registered for online discussions or other services, you may receive e-mail specific to your participation in those activities.
E-Mails From You
If you send us e-mails, you should be aware that information disclosed in e-mails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others. We suggest that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in e-mails. We will use your e-mail address to respond directly to your questions or comments.
E-Mail This Article Feature
Mugshots.com readers may use this feature to e-mail links to articles (or other content such as slideshows). The e-mail addresses that you supply to this service are saved for your convenience for future articles you may wish to e-mail; these addresses are not used for any other purpose, and will not be shared with any third parties.
IS MY INFORMATION PROTECTED?
Data Security: To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information. Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
OTHER INFORMATION:
Compliance With Legal Process
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of mugshots.com; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
Children's Guidelines
COPPA Compliance: Mugshots.com does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13.
Changes to This Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail.