http://www.wildtexas.com/terms-of-use/
Wild Texas Travel Guide
Parks
View All Texas Parks
Events
Travel Calculator
Wildlife
Birds
Insects
Mammals
Reptiles
Travels
Tips & Tricks
Travelogues
Help
About
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Shop
Search
You are here: Home / Terms of Use for WildTexas.comTerms of Use for WildTexas.com
By visiting WildTexas.com, you are accepting the following Terms of Use and agreeing to our Our Privacy Policy.
Thank you for visiting WildTexas.com (“Wild Texas”), a website owned and operated by Shannon D. Blackburn. Please familiarize yourself with the following Terms of Use and our Privacy Notice. By accessing, using or downloading materials from this website you agree to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions.
Copyright Notice
All content included on WildTexas.com, including but not limited to text, syndicated content (RSS feeds, XML feeds), photographs, graphics, logos, button icons, images, animations, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software—unless otherwise noted— is the property of Shannon D. Blackburn or her content suppliers, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Shannon D. Blackburn and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is owned by or licensed to Shannon D. Blackburn, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The following copyright notice applies to all portions of the WildTexas.com website:
Copyright & 1995-2018 Shannon D. Blackburn. All Rights Reserved.
*In cases where materials provided by third party content providers are used on the WildTexas.com website, the appropriate copyright notices are displayed and similarly apply.
Third Party Content Providers:
Photos posted on WildTexas.com and credited to anyone other than Shannon D. Blackburn remain Copyright their respective photographers, or licensed under the Creative Commons.
QuickTime VR movies Copyright © The Color Palace, The Color Place or Paul Morton Jr., as indicated. All Rights Reserved.
RSS syndicated content from third party sites are copyright their respective publishers and used with permission.
Newsfeeds aggregated and converted to HTML by CaRP, a commercial application WildTexas.com owns a license to use.
Use of Content from WildTexas.com
Shannon D. Blackburn grants you a limited license to access, view, copy, display and print documents and graphics incorporated in the WildTexas.com website, subject to the following: (1) the documents (including RSS feeds and other syndicated content originating from WildTexas.com) may be used solely for personal, informational, non-commercial purposes; and (2) the documents may not be modified or altered in any way. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any derivative use of this site or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. Except as expressly provided herein, this site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Shannon D. Blackburn. In the event the documents are owned by a third party content provider, your request will be forwarded to the appropriate contact. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by Shannon D. Blackburn.
Electronic Communications
When you visit WildTexas.com or contact us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by email or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Comments, Communications & Other Content
Visitors may post comments and other content; send e-cards and other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false email address or impersonate any person or entity. Shannon D. Blackburn reserves the right to remove or edit such content on WildTexas.com, but does not regularly review posted content.
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Shannon D. Blackburn her affiliates and sublicensees a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Shannon D. Blackburn, her affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Shannon D. Blackburn, her affiliates or sublicensees for all claims resulting from content you supply. Shannon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Shannon D. Blackburn takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Links to Third Party Websites
This website contains hypertext links to websites controlled by parties other than Shannon D. Blackburn.
Shannon is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents or use of these websites.
Linking to This Website
One or more hypertext links to the WildTexas.com website may be made from personal or commercial websites, subject to the following: 1) the website containing the link to WildTexas.com does not state or imply any sponsorship of or association with Shannon D. Blackburn or the WildTexas.com website without prior written permission, 2) You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of WildTexas.com and our affiliates without express written consent.
If you choose to use a logo to link to WildTexas.com, you may use this graphic to do so. Please save a copy of the graphic to your local system.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
This site is provided by Shannon D. Blackburn on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Shannon D. Blackburn makes no representations or warranties or any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site of the information, content, materials or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk.
To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Shannon D. Blackburn disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Shannon D. Blackburn does not warrant that this site, its servers or email sent from WildTexas.com are free of viruses or other harmful components. Shannon D. Blackburn will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Applicable Law
By visiting WildTexas.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Texas, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Shannon D. Blackburn or affiliates.
How To Contact Us
Contact Us if you have any questions, comments, or concerns!
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 · Log in
Our website uses cookies to function. For more information or to withdraw your consent to cookies, refer to our cookie policy. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link, or otherwise continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies.OkNoPrivacy Policy
Revoke cookies