http://www.aquarium-lighting-guide.com/privacy-policy.php
Home
Metal Halide
Metal Halide FAQ
ANSI Codes
Fluorescent
Compact Fluorescent
NO Normal Output
VHO Very High Output
T5 HO
LED Lights
Reef Lighting
Reef Aquarium Lighting
Saltwater Lighting
Refugium Lighting
Freshwater
Planted Aquariums
Contact Us
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com Privacy Policy
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
In order to provide you with relevant information, respond to your requests, and increase the benefits you receive from our website, we sometimes request that you provide us with data about yourself.
We have prepared this Privacy Notice to disclose and describe our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
This Notice applies to all Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com websites that display or link to this Privacy Notice.
You should also note that Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com maintains the same privacy practices with respect to data that is collected off-line and this Notice may be relied upon with respect to those methods of data collection and use.
Collection and Use of Personally Identifiable Information
In general, you may visit this website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com collects domain information from your visit to customize and improve your experience on our website.
This website may collect certain information from your visit, including the date and time of your access, the pages you have accessed, the name of the Internet Service Provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address by which you are accessing the Internet, and the Internet address from which you linked to our site, if applicable.
We use this information to better understand how our website is being used so that we can improve its quality and make it more beneficial to our users.
Some portions of this website may request that you give us personally identifiable information, which is information that enables us to identify you, such as your name, email or other address.
Some of the ways in which we may collect information from you are:
Event registrations for seminars, conferences, etc.
Product support registration
Education registration
Subscription to newsletters or other Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com content-related notifications
Product purchases or trials
It is our intent to inform you before we collect personally identifiable information, and tell you what we intend to do with the information.
You will have the option of not providing the information, in which case you may still be able to access other portions of this website, although you may not be able to access certain programs or services.
In certain portions of this website, we also may enable you to "opt out" of certain uses of your information, or elect not to receive future communications or services.
The information we collect about you or your computer will be used to operate our website and to provide customer support, respond to your requests or process any transactions you have authorized.
It may also be used to verify your identity, send you information or contact you in relation to an Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com product or service that you are using or that we believe may be of interest to you.
In certain instances, we may make your information available to third parties with whom we have a relationship by which that third party is providing services on our behalf.
We will only provide those third parties with information that is necessary for them to perform the services and we require that those third parties first agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality of the information provided to them and we prohibit them from using that information for any purpose other than to provide the services on our behalf.
We may also disclose the information to our business partners, for marketing and other purposes which we believe may be beneficial to you.
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com may disclose personally identifiable information that it collects on the website if required to do so by law or when necessary in order to protect the rights of Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com or its employees.
Data Security
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com’s intent is to strictly protect the security of your personal information; honor your choice for its intended use; and carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online.
Business Relationships
This website contains links to other websites.
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Portions of this website use cookies to help ensure the integrity of the registration process and to help provide personalized service and deliver content specific to your interests.
A "cookie" is a small amount of data transferred to your browser and read by the Web server that placed it there.
It works as a sort of identification card, recording your preferences and previously entered information.
By using cookies, the information you previously provided can be retrieved on your next visit to the website so that your navigation time is reduced and your use of the website is simplified.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie.
Web beacons may be used to deliver the cookie and to compile statistics about our website, such as how many people visited a particular page or clicked on certain links.
While your particular use of the site will not be revealed, Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com may share aggregated statistics about the use of the website with third parties.
You can set your browser to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you do so, you may not be able to get the benefit of some of the features of this website or other websites that you visit.
Refund Policy
All sales are final.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy statement or practices, please contact us via our contact form with the words "PRIVACY POLICY" in the subject line.
Aquarium-Lighting-Guide.com may modify or update this privacy statement from time to time at any time without prior notice.
We encourage you to check this policy often so that you can continue to be aware of how we are protecting your personally identifiable information.
Your continued use of the website constitutes your consent to the contents of this privacy notice, as it may be modified from time to time.
Aquarium Lighting Guide
Home
Introduction
Metal Halide Aquarium Lighting
Metal Halide FAQ
Metal Halide ANSI Codes
Fluorescent Aquarium Lighting
Compact Fluorescent
NO Normal Output
VHO Very High Output
T5 HO
LED Aquarium Lighting
Saltwater Aquarium Lighting
Reef Aquarium Lighting
Refugium Lighting
Freshwater Aquarium Lighting
Planted Aquariums
Glossary of Aquarium Lighting Terms
Aquarium Lighting Directory
Manufacturers
Retailers
DIY Projects
Wiring Diagrams
Submit A Link