https://www.nicksanders.com/privacy-policy
Moto Challenge Privacy Policy
What data do Moto Challenge Ltd need and why is it needed?
Unless otherwise agreed with you, we will only collect basic personal data about you. This personal information will be your name (first & last as a minimum), home address, email address and phone number(s). We need to know this basic personal data in order to make contact with you to ensure we provide you with the services you have engaged us to provide, and to assert our right to be recompensed in return for these services as per the agreement Moto Challenge Ltd have with you. We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee the services we have agreed to provide you.
What will Moto Challenge Ltd do with this data?
All the personal data we collect and hold about you will be processed by Moto Challenge Ltd in the UK. This information will be used to fulfil any order made and to communicate with you about our activities, news and future events. No third parties will have access to your personal data unless there is a legal obligation for us to provide it. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is processed and stored securely.
How long will Moto Challenge Ltd keep this data?
We will need to keep your personal data files for up to 7 years in order to meet any HMRC requirements. However, you have the right to withdraw your consent to email contact from us at any time. The simplest way to withdraw consent is via the unsubscribe bottom that can be found at the bottom of all of our email communications.
Your Consent
Consent is given when a user subscribes to our mailing list. Without your consent to store your data Moto Challenge Ltd will not be able to make contact with you. You have the right to withdraw your consent to email contact from us at any time. The simplest way to withdraw your consent is via the unsubscribe link that can be found at the bottom of all of our email communications.
For further information, please consult the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website: www.ico.org.uk
If you have any queries please email nick@nicksanders.com