http://www.couragecamps.org/privacy/
The owner of this site takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies
Like almost all websites, this site uses cookies placed in the visitor’s browser to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Cookies enable you to interact with websites, e.g. by submitting comments and other forms, or see ads relating to your interests on sites like Facebook.
Third parties, e.g. Google, may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to this site in order to count visitor numbers or display advertisements and other relevant information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage.
Controlling Cookies
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it will interfere with your use of most sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Not disabling cookies means that you consent to their use. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Personally Identifiable Information
You can visit our site anonymously but you may choose to give us personally identifiable information such as your email address, name, site or blog address etc when you register on our site, leave a comment, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. This information may be used in the following ways:
• To respond to your questions and provide customer service and support
• To process transactions
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
• To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To send periodic marketing newsletter emails if you have requested these and confirmed your request (“double opt-in”). If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include an automatic unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
Important Note: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other individual or company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested, except in the case of trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act): we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent unless required to do so by law enforcement agencies.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all subscribers to marketing emails may make any changes to their information at any time by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe or change subscriber options’ link provided at the bottom of each email.
General Data Protection Regulation
We aim to comply with the EU’s GDPR. In line with this we will delete any personal information held about an individual on receipt of a valid request from that individual.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about information held and about this privacy policy can be directed to us via our contact form for further clarification.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Weight Loss Breakfast Ideas
Anti Wrinkle Products – A Helpful Guide
Low Carb Noodles for Weight Loss
Fast Weight Loss With The South Beach Diet
Best Weight Loss Tips For Fast And Lasting Results
Recent CommentsJenna Hunter on Best Weight Loss Tips For Fast And Lasting ResultsRon Booker on Best Weight Loss Tips For Fast And Lasting ResultsSkylar Williams on Best Weight Loss Tips For Fast And Lasting ResultsYogi on Best Weight Loss Tips For Fast And Lasting ResultsMani on Weight Loss Breakfast Ideas
Iconic One Theme | Powered by Wordpress