http://www.bathscouts.org/privacy
Home
About Us
Mission Statement
Groups
News
Sections
Beavers
Cubs
Scouts
Explorers
Network
Active Support
Join the adventure!
I want my child to join Scouting in the UK
I’m aged 6-25 and want to join Scouting in the UK
I’m an adult and I want to help Scouting in the UK
Adult Volunteer Vacancies
Students
Campsite & HQ
Bath District HQ
Cleeve Hill Campsite
24th WSJ 2019
Shop
Contact Us
Members
Privacy
Latest News
A new royal figurehead for the Scouts!
You can’t keep a good Scout down – even in lockdown!
Gold Standard At Scouts
Southdown Safari Scouts
Scouts Enjoy Bushcraft Award Camp
Visit us online
@BathScouts
facebook.com/BathScouts
@BathScouts
Home > Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Statement
General
Bath Scout Council (Bath Scouts), also operating as Bath District Scouts, respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites.
The contents of this Privacy Statement refers only to those sites controlled directly by Bath Scouts. Not all websites within the www.bathscouts.org.uk are directly controlled by Bath Scouts. If you’re unsure whether a page is controlled by Bath Scouts, please contact webmaster@bathscouts.org.uk
Personal Data
Bath Scouts will not collect personally-identifiable information about you (e.g. your name, address, telephone number or email address (personal data)) through our web site unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. Personal data that you provide to us will only be used by us or a third party on our behalf to contact you in relation to matters relating to Scouting. We will not give any personal data to any other third party not connected with Scouts.
Children
Parents should be aware that Bath Scout’s Privacy Policy will govern our use of personal data, but that information which is voluntarily given by children – or others – in email exchange or the like may be used by other parties to generate unsolicited mail. We encourage all parents to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their personal data while using the Internet.
Additional Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may automatically (i.e. not via registration) collect technical information when you connect to our site that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site.
Information Placed Automatically on Your Computer – Cookies
When you view one of our websites, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “Cookie” or similar file and can help us in many ways. For example, Cookies allow us to tailor a website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Links
Our websites provide links to a wide range of internet sites, some of which will be connected with Scouting and some not. The above Privacy Statement refers to websites within the www.bathscouts.org.uk domain and directly controlled by Bath Scouts. You will need to refer to the Privacy Statements for other websites over which Bath Scouts has no control.
Share this page
Print this page
Email a friend
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
About us
Mission statement
News (RSS)
Member sign-in
Home
Contact us
Accessibility
Site Map
Privacy
© Bath District Scouts, all rights reserved | Charity number: 800699
| Webmastered by Ethan Rose - Contact the Webmaster |