http://www.sailmiami.com/privacy_policy.htm
Sail Miami's Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy
is important to Sail Miami. We hope the following statement will help you
understand how Sail Miami collects, uses and safeguards the personal information
you provide to us on our site.
When
you browse Sail Miami we keep track of the following:
Pages that are visited
by our readers to determine their popularity and effectiveness.
Emails entered on our
various interactive features including: crew listings, classified ads,
fishing reports, anchorage reviews, and restaurant reviews. From time to
time Sail Miami will add new features and request an email address, among
other information. We do not use cookies for collecting consumer
information.
The information we collect
is for our internal statistics only. Sail Miami has not used any of the emails
we collected on our site to market any of our other features. We may, however,
in the future, use emails for Customer Service purposes, in order to obtain
feedback from our readers on the usefulness of the services they have used.
We do not disclose
information to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
We also use information
entered on our site, such as telephone numbers or addresses to track our
advertising efforts throughout the country. For example, if we advertise in
Charleston, SC for our free crew listings, we then track the entries that follow
our advertising efforts to determine if many people are responding in that area.
If you do not want Sail
Miami to use your information for the above described purposes, then you may opt
to not include that information in your submissions to our features.
If you have further
questions about our privacy policy you may email them to
editor "at" sailmiami.com. We would be glad to explain them further to you.
In the future, as Sail
Miami grows, changes will be made to this privacy policy. In order to stay
updated of the changes, please refer back to this page.