http://www.cichlids.com/privacy
cichlids.comhomeHomephotoPicturesvideo_labelTanksPrivacy Policy cichlids.com is founded on the principle of helping people enjoy their hobby and discover other cichlids enthusiasts. We know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. By visiting the cichlids.com website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this policy.
This Privacy Policy covers cichlids.com's treatment of personal information that cichlids.com gathers when you are on the cichlids.com website and when you use cichlids.com services. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that cichlids.com does not own or control, or to individuals that cichlids.com does not employ or manage. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY CICHLIDS.COM We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We collect the following types of information from our cichlids.com users: INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO USWe receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. Registration: In order for you to use cichlids.com services you must complete a registration form. As part of this registration form, we require certain personal information. User Profile: To allow you to express yourself beyond just the information collected during registration, we enable you to provide additional information, such as your first and last names, email address, social media account names, your birthday, a bio, favorite URLs, and instant messaging IDs. In addition, you may choose to include photos of yourself in your profile. As indicated below, in the section titled "Sharing Your Information", you can control how your information is displayed and used. AUTOMATIC INFORMATIONWe receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. cichlids.com and its authorized agents automatically receive and record certain "traffic data" on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, cichlids.com cookie information, and the page you requested. cichlids.com uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends and administer the website. This does not involve collecting any of your personal information. In addition to the "traffic data", cichlids.com and its authorized agents may collect information about the device you're using to access cichlids.com, its operating system, unique device identifier, device settings such as language and crash data. Which data is specifically collected depends on the type of device and/or system running on that device. This data is again used to help us diagnose problems with the site and/or mobile apps and analyze usage trends. This does not involve collecting any of your personal information. cichlids.com may collect and use information regarding the geographic location of your devices. If the location data contains your personal information, then cichlids.com will treat this location data in accordance with this Policy. cichlids.com may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed. This includes User Profile pages. cichlids.com may collect and count the pages that you have viewed and/or interacted with. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While cichlids.com will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available. E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS cichlids.com is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the "Sharing Your Information" section below. cichlids.com may send out e-mails with cichlids.com-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification e-mails from cichlids.com, which inform you of actions (e.g. friend requests) that have been performed on the site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please visit the Email Preferences section of your User Profile and/or follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us. COOKIES Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. cichlids.com cookies may contain personal information, and we do combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
cichlids.com utilizes third-party services like Google Analytics to help analyze how our site is used. These services, including Google Analytics, also use cookies to collect information about visitors to our site (including IP addresses) in an anonymous form that does not include personal information.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use some of cichlids.com's coolest features. Some of our business partners, like our advertisers, may use cookies on our website. We have no access to, or control over, these cookies. ANALYTICS cichlids.com uses services like Google Analytics and/or Amplitude to help analyze and understand how our site and mobile applications are used, so that we can make cichlids.com products more interesting to you. These tools capture data about how individual users are using our site and mobile applications. This includes event logs, device type and device configuration settings such as language, crash data and other data but never personal information. These third-party services treat the analytics data in accordance with this privacy policy and cichlids.com does not disclose your personal information to any third parties through our use of these services. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION Because cichlids.com enables people to discover and share information with one another, information about the people who use cichlids.com is an integral part of the cichlids.com experience. Rest assured that we will not rent or sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below: cichlids.com Personnel: cichlids.com personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of cichlids.com business. Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if cichlids.com, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred. Protection of cichlids.com and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of cichlids.com, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. User Profile information: Information collected during registration and subsequent visits, such as your full name and location, may be displayed to other cichlids.com users in your User Profile. The User Profile is the area on cichlids.com where we allow you to tell other cichlids.com users about yourself. You may control what personal information is displayed in your User Profile by visiting the Settings section of your User Profile. Followers' Activity: Much like other online social networks, cichlids.com allows non-followers to browse your followers’ activity. Syndication: cichlids.com allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the cichlids.com website. Service Providers: cichlids.com may share user information as well as information from tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers and location data, with third-parties that help cichlids.com provide services to you (“Service Providers”). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary for cichlids.com to provide our services. cichlids.com requires Services Providers to protect your data in a manner consistent with this Policy and to limit the use of such information to the performance of services for cichlids.com. cichlids.com may also remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with Service Providers, including combining your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you. With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information. KEEPING INFORMATION SECUREYour cichlids.com account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer. Only employees who need personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to it. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices. WAYS TO CONTROL DISPLAY AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATIONAs stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, but then you may be unable to use certain features on our website. By visiting your User Profile, you can correct, amend, add or delete personal information on our website. If you do not wish to receive e-mail from us or other cichlids.com users, please visit the Settings of your User Profile and/or follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us. As explained earlier, the "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. Please note, however, that if your browser does not accept cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of some of our attractive features. CHILDREN UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE You must be 14 years and older to register to use the cichlids.com website. As a result, cichlids.com does not specifically collect information about children. If we learn that cichlids.com has collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We recommend that minors between the ages of 14 and 18 ask and receive their parents' permission before using cichlids.com or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY cichlids.com may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the cichlids.com website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed. CONDITIONS OF USE If you decide to visit the cichlids.com website or use any of our official mobile applications, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of German law.
mood