http://www.thegouldianfinch.com/privacy_policy.html
Gouldian FinchFront Page
Aviary
Breeding
Gouldian Equipment
Diet
Health
Mutations
Videos
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookies
A cookie is a data file that certain web sites write to your computer’s hard drive when you visit such sites.
A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to maintain a personalized look and feel on the pages you have visited.
Thegouldianfinch.com uses cookies solely for Google Adsense program purposes. * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use this data on an anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with personal data of any user.
Most web site browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, or to refuse all cookies.
However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our web site, you may not be able to use certain features of the site.
Browser Level Information
www.thegouldianfinch.com web servers automatically collect information about a site user’s IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this information from the user’s browser (information provided by every user’s browser).
This information is collected in a database and used–in an aggregated, anonymous manner–in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our web site. This information is automatically logged by most web sites.
Definitions
IP address: Every computer connected to the Internet has a numeric address called an IP address.”
This may or may not correspond uniquely to a particular computer”. In some cases, IP addresses can be resolved to domain names, which may indicate a site visitor’s Internet service provider, employer, university, etc.
As part of its database analysis www.thegouldianfinch.com resolves IP addresses to domain names.
Browser type: A users browser is a software program running on a computer that allows users to access documents on the World Wide Web. Browsers can be either text or graphic. They read HTML coded pages that reside on a server and interpret the coding into what the user sees as Web pages. Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer are examples of Web browsers. Browser type typically discloses hardware platform, operating system, and browser software and version.
Referrer: The referrer is the URL of the Internet resource or page that causes a browser to request a page or image from www.thegoudianfinch.com servers.
Gouldian Finch Search
Featured
Why You Need A Hospital Cage
The hospital cage is a very … [Read More...]
When breeding gouldian finches in captivity, breeding is … [Read More...]
The gouldian finch requires a clean supply of drinking water … [Read More...]
The candling torch is used to inspect bird eggs in the early … [Read More...]
Gouldian Conservation
gouldian conservation
Avatars by Sterling Adventures
© Copyright 2012 All Rights Reserved
·
Gouldian Finch Home · Privacy Policy · Terms Of Service · Contact Us
· About