http://www.roundtheworldflights.com/legal.aspx
legal1
roundtheworldflights.com
Skip top navigation
Home
Flight Builder
Deals
Deals
Travelling
via Australia
via
New Zealand
via Latin America
via The Pacific
via Africa
via Asia
via North America
Flight Type
Offers under 999
Gap Year RTWs
Luxury RTWs
Build your own Trip
Click to start
Inspiration
Ready Steady Go
Destinations
Australia
New Zealand
North America
Pacific
Asia
Latin America
Middle East
Planning
How to plan
Preparation
Budget
Must see
Visa info
RTW Health & Safety
FAQs
Booking
How to pay
Getting visas
Opening Hours
Contact us
Concierge Service
Group Discount
Travel
insurance
Plan your adventure
Click
to start
My Trip
Hotels
We sell hotels, holidays and tours too
Tailor-made Brochures
Australia brochure
New Zealand brochure
Pacific brochure
Luxury brochure
Asia brochure
North America brochure
Latin America brochure
Africa brochure
Holidays, Hotels & Tours
Holidays
Hotels
Trans Siberian Express
Africa Tours
Asia Tours
Insurance
Contact
Planner
0
Items
Skip to content
Travel Extras
Booking Terms
Conditions
Your responsibilities
Bookings online
Payment
Your contact
Financial protection
Privacy Policy
Complaints
Liability
Travel Insurance
Contact us
Booking Terms, Conditions & Privacy
These Booking Conditions apply to bookings you make with our consultants either in-store, by phone or by email. Please read these Booking Conditions carefully. You must not make any booking unless you understand and agree with these Booking Conditions.
Booking Terms
1. Definitions
'Global Village' means The Global Village Travel Centre Limited, a company registered
in England with number 3398685 and having its registered office address at 32-33 Upper Street, London, United Kingdom N1 0PN.'You' means any person accessing the
Website and the term 'Your' shall be construed accordingly. this 'Website' means
this site, having as its homepage the URL www.roundtheworldflights.com , all other
web pages and sites provided by Global Village and the contents, information, material
and services of, in or on any of them.
We guarantee that our prices will not change after a holiday confirmation has been issued except for errors and omissions or to allow for change due to currency fluctuation, transportation costs or governmental action (including fuel prices, scheduled airfares, taxes etc).
For currency fluctuation, we promise to absorb the first 2% (excluding insurance and amendment charges) before passing on any surcharge. If you are required to pay a surcharge of more than 10% of the holiday price, we will offer you the option of cancelling your booking and receiving a full refund of all monies paid (except for insurance premiums and amendment charges). If you choose this course of action you must do so in writing within 14 days of the issue date printed on the holiday confirmation.
2. Binding Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute a legally binding agreement between You and
Global Village and govern Your use of this Website.
3. Information
This Website is operated by Global Village, which also uses the trading name roundtheworldflights.com.
Information on this Website is for information only and is provided 'as is' without
warranty or representation of any kind (whether express or implied) whether as to
completeness, accuracy, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or
otherwise.
No part of this Website, nor the information on it, constitutes an offer capable
of becoming a contract by acceptance. Global Village shall not be bound by any timetabling,
price or other information on this Website. Any tickets, products or services purchased
by You shall be subject to the Terms and Conditions of Booking.
4. Your Obligations
You are responsible for procuring the necessary equipment and the payment of telephone
and all other charges necessary to access the Website. You accept responsibility
for any content you transfer through or post on the Website and You agree not to
use nor allow any third party to use directly or indirectly this Website:
* for any illegal purpose and in accordance with all relevant laws;
* to transmit or post any chain letters or any material for the purposes of publicity,
promotion and/or advertising;
* to upload, transmit or distribute by any means computer viruses, worms, macro
viruses, or similar programs;
* to transmit or post any material which is defamatory, offensive, or of an obscene
or menacing character, or in such a way as to cause annoyance, inconvenience or
needless anxiety;
* such that the whole or part of the Website is interrupted, damaged, rendered less
efficient or such that the effectiveness or functionality of this Website is in any way impaired;
* in any manner which constitutes a violation of the rights of any person, firm
or company (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights and rights
of confidentiality);
* to attempt any unauthorised access to any part or component of this Website or
any third party web site to which you can connect via this Website (or other directly
or otherwise connected network);
* in such a manner that is inconsistent with these terms and conditions or an abuse
of this Website in each case as determined in Global Village's reasonable opinion;
* in any jurisdiction that does not give full effect to these terms and conditions.
You agree that in the event that you have any right, claim or action against any
user arising out of the use of this Website then you will pursue such right, claim
or action independently of, and without recourse to Global Village. You shall be
responsible for keeping Your own copies of all content published by you in connection
with this Website. Global Village is not responsible for any file recovery or for
files or data lost by You.
5. Warranty and Indemnity
You warrant that Your use of this Website is lawful in the jurisdiction in which
You are present at the time of such use and in any other applicable jurisdiction.
You further agree to indemnify Global Village, and any subsidiary or holding company
(as defined in section 53 Companies Act 1989) of Global Village and their respective
officers, directors and employees, immediately on demand, against any and all claims,
liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any
breach of these terms and conditions by You or any other liabilities whatsoever
arising out of Your use of this Website.
6. Global Village Rights
Global Village reserves the right:
* in its sole discretion and without notice, to stop or limit access to any features
of the Website if Your usage of that feature is deemed excessive or against the
interests of other users of the Website or if it is in breach of these terms and
conditions;
* to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Website with or without
notice to You;
* in its sole discretion and without notice, to remove or edit or otherwise deal
with any postings, data, emails or contributions to bulletin boards made by You
on or via the Website;
* to change these terms and conditions from time to time. Any such changes will
be displayed on this Website and will take effect 7 days after notification. Your
continuing use of this Website thereafter will constitute acceptance of such changes.
You should ensure that you review the terms and conditions regularly as You are
solely responsible for ensuring that You are aware of any changes which have been
made to them.
Subject to which all bookings are accepted:
Unless otherwise stated, the routing on your air ticket cannot be changed, once the balance has been paid. Please note that the times of air, road and rail departures are estimates only. These times may be affected by operational difficulties such as weather conditions. Flight times may be subject to change and the latest available times will appear on your final itinerary. Please note that direct flights can have a scheduled stop en route and all flights (indirect and direct) can be operated by another carrier (code-share). Most airlines reserve the right to alter their schedule, destination airport and/or type of aircraft. Such changes will not entitle you to compensation nor to cancel or change your travel arrangements without paying additional charges. Please also note carriers have conditions of carriage which will apply to you and which limit or exclude liability. The company will not make alternative travel arrangements if there is a delay at the outbound or inbound points of departure. Most airlines however do make provisions in certain circumstances. As part of this contract you must reconfirm all your flight reservations directly with the relevant airline at least 72 hours prior to departure. This allows the airline to inform you of any schedule changes to your itinerary. You may also be asked to provide contact details that they can use in the event of further delays or cancellation.
Your contract:
Your contract is with the supplier of your flight, accommodation or tour. The name of the supplier is noted on your booking confirmation. The company is acting as an agent on behalf of these suppliers. Their terms and conditions will be provided to you on booking. A contract will exist as soon as payment confirmation is issued by the contract principal, either the company or a supplier. If you do not receive your contract within a reasonable amount of time, and for whatever reason, it is your responsibility to contact the company so a copy can be reissued. This contract is made on the terms of these booking conditions, which are governed by English Law. You may however, choose the law and jurisdiction of Scotland or Northern Ireland if you wish to do so. When making a booking you guarantee that you have the authority to accept and do accept on behalf of your party the terms of these booking conditions and the booking conditions of any supplier (contract principal) where we are acting as agent. In the unlikely event that there are changes made to your travel arrangements, the company will attempt to inform you before your departure date. Please note that we are not obliged to do this, nor are we obliged to provide compensation if travel arrangements are changed. If your booking is cancelled we will do our utmost to ensure you receive a full and prompt refund. Please note that certain tours require a minimum number of bookings to operate. In the unlikely event that a tour is cancelled due to low bookings you will be told as soon as is practical. If the tour booking was made as part of other travel arrangements and you have already departed on your trip, then the company will endeavour that alternative arrangements are made for you.
7. Links
Global Village may provide links to other web sites or resources. You acknowledge
and agree that Global Village is not responsible for the availability of such external
sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any
content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites
or resources. You agree that Global Village will not be responsible or liable, directly
or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused, or alleged to be caused, by or in
connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available
on such external sites or resources. You may not link this Website to any other
website without the prior written permission of Global Village.
8. Intellectual Property
All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in this Website
belong or are licensed to, and shall remain vested in, Global Village. You acknowledge
that you are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by Global
Village and may not copy, reproduce, transmit, distribute or create derivative works
of such material without express authorisation.
This Website is for your personal use only and you agree not to (and agree not to
assist or facilitate any third party to) distribute or commercially exploit such
material and content. If you become aware of any such distribution or commercial
exploitation, You will let us know immediately.
9. Limitation of Liability
Global Village does not endorse or oppose any opinion or analysis expressed on this
Website, nor is it responsible for information therein. You should also be aware
that Global Village does not examine the use to which You or other users put the
Website or the nature and content of the information You or they are posting, sending
or uploading. You agree that, except for death and personal injury arising from
the negligence of Global Village, neither Global Village not its directors, officers
or employees shall have any liability to You whatsoever whether in contract, tort,
negligence, pre-contract or other representations or otherwise arising out of or
in connection with this contract or Global Village's default thereunder. You agree
that we shall not be liable in contract, tort, negligence, statutory duty or otherwise,
for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with your
use of this Website and any information provided to You therein, including, without
limitation, damage for loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption,
loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss (even where we have been
advised of the possibility of such loss or damage).
10. Privacy Statement
The Privacy Statement which appears on the website forms part of these terms and
conditions. By accessing this site you agree that Global Village may act in accordance
with the Privacy Statement.
11. No Waiver
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach
of any provision.
12. Severability
In the event that any of these terms and conditions, or any part of them, is deemed
by any Court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid,
the offending term or condition or relevant part thereof shall be modified so as
to render it enforceable and valid in accordance with the intention of the original
text to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The validity and enforceability
of the remaining terms and conditions shall not be effected.
13. Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to their subject matter and exclude any representations and warranties previously
given or made other than any negligent or fraudulent misrepresentation.
14. Choice Of Law
These terms and conditions shall be governed by English law and the parties hereby
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Your responsibilities
The Global Village Travel
Centre Ltd and roundtheworldflights.com (hereinafter called the company)
will endeavour to ensure that all customers are satisfied with their travel arrangements.
However please note the following conditions apply to all bookings. It is important
that you read these conditions carefully.
PLEASE NOTE THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO:
* Reconfirm all flights 72 hours prior to departure
* Check-in at least 3 hours prior to departure
* Be aware that cancellations or amended bookings may be subject to additional charges.
* Ensure that you have adequate travel insurance.
* Ensure that you have the necessary visas for the countries you are visiting.
* Ensure that you hold a valid 10 year passport.
* Ensure that you have received medical advice and any necessary vaccinations.
* Visit www.fco.gov.uk/knowbeforeyougo for up-to-date travel advice.
Subject to which all bookings are accepted
Routings / Timings / Reconfirmation
Unless otherwise stated, the routing on your air ticket
cannot be changed, once the balance has been paid.
Please note that the times of air, road and rail departures
are estimates only.
These times may be affected by operational difficulties
such as weather conditions.
Flight times may be subject to change and the latest
available times will appear on your final itinerary.
Please note that direct flights can have a scheduled
stop en route and all flights (indirect and direct) can be operated by another carrier
(code-share).
Most airlines reserve the right to alter their schedule,
destination airport and/or type of aircraft.
Such changes will not entitle you to compensation nor
to cancel or change your travel arrangements without paying additional charges.
Please also note carriers have conditions of carriage
which will apply to you and which limit or exclude liability.
The company will not make alternative travel arrangements
if there is a delay at the outbound or inbound points of departure.
Most airlines however do make provisions in certain
circumstances.
You must reconfirm all flight reservations directly
with the relevant airline at least 72 hours prior to departure. Although a lot of
airlines do not insist on a 72 hour reconfirmation we see it as best practice. If
your schedule change occurs and it is earlier - how are you going to know? So please
check with the airline (Check at an airport if you've got a spare 10 minutes after
you check in). This allows the airline to inform you of any schedule changes to
your itinerary, and you may also be asked to provide contact details that they can
use in the event of further delays or cancellation.
Online reservations made via our
websites
1. Full Payment will be deducted from Your Credit/Debit Card at the time of making
your on-line reservation. This will be debited for all named persons contained in
the reservation.
2. In making an on-line reservation or any service contained within our website
it is assumed that you have checked for Visa requirements for both your destination
and Transit points, checked for Medical requirements and are aware of the need for
Travel Insurance to cover against Medical illness abroad and cancellation due to
medical reasons, for all persons contained within the reservation.
3. In most cases Air fares cannot be changed and a date change will be treated as
a cancellation and may result in 100% cancellation charges being applied. There
may be certain services such as Car Hire that may permit a date change or cancellation
at a charge, this will depend on the conditions of the service provider and the
type of service being booked. Before making a reservation, make sure you are fully
conversant with the cancellation and amendment charges that will be applied should
you need to change or cancel your reservation. For further information please contact
our office.
4. Prices shown are guaranteed once a reservation reference has been given and your
Credit/Debit Card transaction has been completed. It is sometimes a requirement
of certain Banks, for us to obtain further information from the Cardholder such
as identification. Should this situation occur you will be contacted by one of our
Internet reservation team. In the event of your Credit/Debit card being unable to
be processed, you will be contacted and offered an alternative way to pay for your
reservation.
5. Airline schedules are subject to change and withdrawal without notice and we
take no responsibility for this occurrence, where this occurs, you will be subject
to the conditions of the carrier in relation to altering your reservation or requesting
a refund.
6.Travel documents are despatched 10-14 days prior to departure by First Class Mail.
We will gladly keep your documents in our office for collection. We can forward
your Tickets by Business Post (Secured Mail) at a charge of £5.00.
7. We take no responsibility for reservations that have not been completed without
receiving a booking reference. If you are unsure at any time in the reservation
process as to whether your transaction has been completed, you should telephone
our Internet reservation team, to check that the transaction is complete and obtain
the booking reference number.
8. It is a condition that you reconfirm all onward and return flights, no later
than 72 hours prior to departure; this will avoid cancellation of booked seats and
will update you on schedule changes.
These are our general conditions of sale and others may apply, including the Airline
with whom you are travelling. Please contact our office for these or any further
information you require.
Payment
A non-refundable and non-transferable deposit is payable
at the time of booking. The balance of your booking must be paid 1-0 days after no later than 10
weeks before your departure and a lot of circumstances sooner.
This date will be shown on your booking confirmation.
Please note we do not send reminders.
If the balance is not paid by this date your travel
arrangements may be cancelled and you may forfeit your deposit.
Whilst your deposit secures your reservation it does
not always guarantee the final cost of your travel arrangements (Taxes, fuel surcharges
and airfare frequently go up)..
Prices are subject to change and a fare is guaranteed
only when your travel documents are issued. It is therefore to your advantage to
finalise payment as soon as possible.
Tickets & vouchers cannot be issued until full payment
has been received.
Payment can be taken by bank transfer* (our favourite), cash, cheque, credit card (Visa,
Mastercard), debit card (Visa Debit), or American Express.
Payment by a debit card (Maestro,
Visa
Debit) will not be subject to any charge.
Payments by American Express charge cards are subject to a 3% surcharge.
If your travel documents are paid for by a third party
using their credit/debit card we will require written authorisation by the cardholder
with a signature and a copy of the card.
Personal cheques require 15 working days to clear. If
our bank returns any cheque to us unpaid, a £15 charge will be levied.
Bank transfers are our favourite method of payment. They attract no bank fees within the UK (and a minimal amount within Europe), can be done digitally or on the phone with your bank and take 2 to 3 working days to come through. We are fans. Also they keep our costs down which we can then transfer to you, our lovely customers.
Your contract
Your contract is with the supplier of your flight, accommodation or tour. The name
of the supplier is noted on your booking confirmation. The company is acting as
an agent on behalf of these suppliers. Their terms and conditions will be provided
to you on booking. A contract will exist as soon as payment confirmation is issued
by the contract principal, either the company or a supplier. If you do not receive
your contract within a reasonable amount of time, and for whatever reason, it is
your responsibility to contact the company so a copy can be reissued. This contract
is made on the terms of these booking conditions, which are governed by English
Law. You may however, choose the law and jurisdiction of Scotland or Northern Ireland
if you wish to do so.
When making a booking you guarantee that you have the
authority to accept and do accept on behalf of your party the terms of these booking
conditions and the booking conditions of any supplier (contract principal) where
we are acting as agent.
In the unlikely event that there are changes made to
your travel arrangements, the company will attempt to inform you before your departure
date. Please note that we are not obliged to do this, nor are we obliged to provide
compensation if travel arrangements are changed. If your booking is cancelled we
will do our utmost to ensure you receive a full and prompt refund.
Please note that certain tours require a minimum number
of bookings to operate. In the unlikely event that a tour is cancelled due to low
bookings you will be told as soon as is practical. If the tour booking was made
as part of other travel arrangements and you have already departed on your trip,
then the company will endeavour that alternative arrangements are made for you.
Airlines have many different fare categories for each cabin class i.e. Economy, Premium Economy, Business and First.
Occasionally, airlines change their fare categories without warning or notice.
When this happens, our database may reflect the incorrect cabin class for your ticket, inadvertently showing your flight as upgraded/downgraded.
Please note that this doesn’t entitle you to the travel in that class, and your flights will be confirmed in the booking class that was agreed and paid for. If you have any doubts please ask your consultant or visit the airline website to view your travel itinerary.
Changing / Cancelling your booking
If you wish to alter your booking arrangements, after payment confirmation has been issued we will endeavour to assist in making these changes to your booking. The company may charge a minimum £50 amendment fee. You should note that it is not always possible to make such amendments. In addition to any company charge, the customer will be liable for any additional costs incurred by the company or levied by a supplier. Please note that airlines do not allow passenger name changes. To change a passenger name on a booking may require full cancellation of the original booking and the repurchasing of another ticket.
Requests to cancel a booking must be made in writing to the company and signed by the passenger (and purchaser if different). Please note that full cancellation conditions will apply and the company cannot guarantee a refund. The applicable cancellation fees are shown on the confirmation invoice. The company reserves the right to apply additional administration fees to any refunds due. Most airlines will neither refund partially used tickets or tickets cancelled within 72 hours of departure. Refunds will take approx 12 weeks to process.
Frequent flyer schemes
Frequent flyer schemes are becoming increasingly sophisticated, or confusing depending
on your viewpoint. For example, you may buy a ticket and obtain 100% of the mileage
allowance, but a different ticket may give you zero miles and nil value for what
is in essence the same route, with the same airline. As a result we do not participate
or enter into any frequent flyer or mileage membership schemes. The airlines frequently
change their schemes depending on card type, mileage level, and have different rules
depending on the members country of residence. We take the view that these schemes
are between the airline and passengers directly. Should you want to check your mileage
entitlement; especially when purchasing discounted tickets, (which are the tickets
that Global Village mainly sell), your consultant will be pleased to provide you
with the airline contact details. Whilst we are pleased to add your membership number
to your booking, the company is not liable to any customer for any loss or additional
expenses due to these schemes.
Airfare taxes, fees and fuel surcharges
These are payable on departure from (and sometimes on arrival at) most airports. Taxes that have been paid in advance will be marked on your invoice. The company does not collect all airfare taxes, some of which are to be paid locally. Arrival and departure taxes are government-imposed taxes and can change without notice. The company has no control over this aspect of your travel arrangements. Additional costs, such as fuel surcharges, can be levied by a supplier at any point up to a ticket/voucher being issued.
Dispatch of travel documents
We strongly recommend that travel documents are either collected from the company head office or sent to your home or work address by registered post (at an additional cost of £5 + £1 per additional ticket). We will also post travel documents by normal post but the company cannot accept responsibility for the cost of re-issuing documents mislaid or lost by Royal Mail. Please be aware that these costs can be substantial.
Travel essentials
Please check the health requirements for your destination with your medical advisor and arrange any vaccinations and medical certificates prior to your departure. Some countries have legal medical requirements for visitors. Please note that you need a valid passport for all international travel. Passports should be valid for at least 6 months beyond the date of your intended return and hold sufficient pages for any visas, entry and exit stamps. It is your responsibility to ensure that you satisfy all applicable requirements in respect of passport, visa and health matters. The company cannot be held liable if you fail to ensure this, and if as a result, we suffer any loss or expense because of such a failure on your part, you will be obliged to reimburse the company for their loss. Visa and health requirements frequently change and it is advisable to recheck all requirements, close to your departure.
Liability
The company accepts all bookings, and arrangements made, subject to the conditions imposed by our suppliers. All tickets, vouchers and coupons are issued by the company in its capacity as an agent upon the express conditions that the company is not liable to any customers for loss, damage, delay, injury, cancellation or additional expense suffered by the customer whatsoever, or any cause beyond the company's control shall be occasioned to the company or any of its officials and representatives.
If you have a complaint
Whilst we make every effort to ensure that your holiday runs smoothly, there may be occasions when things do not go as planned.
(a)
If you have a problem during your travels, you must inform the relevant supplier locally (e.g. hotelier, airline or tour operator) in order that they can try to put things right.
(b)
If your complaint or problem has not been resolved to your complete satisfaction, please either call or send us an email so that we are given the opportunity to assist.
(c)
If you fail to follow either of these procedures, your right to compensation may be affected, as we will have been deprived of the opportunity to rectify the problem.
(d)
If you still have cause for complaint on your return to the UK you should write to us within 28 days giving your booking reference number and outlining in full the reason for your complaint or dissatisfaction.
Customer Relations
roundtheworldflights.com
Third Floor,
32-33 Upper Street,
Islington, London,
United Kingdom N1 0PN
(e)
We can also offer you an arbitration scheme for the resolution of disputes arising out of or in connection with this contract. Further information Trading Standards Service, Public Protection Division, Islington Council, 222 Upper Street, London N1 1XR.
Please note fees may apply for this service.
Ticket refunds
Most tickets from roundtheworldflights.com are refundable, but cancellation fees
will apply. This will be advised to you by your travel consultant and also in writing
on your Booking Confirmation.  Please note that once you have started travel,
your ticket is non-refundable for any reason, including medical reasons.  Roundtheworldflights.com
cannot waive airlines cancellation penalties and strongly advise you purchase travel
insurance that includes cancellation protection.
If you have to cancel your trip, for whatever reason, please make sure that your
reservation is cancelled. This can be done by contacting your consultant in writing
- most passengers do so by email (consultants emails are
here) and cc in customerservice@roundtheworldflights.com but you can post it if its more convenient, then please send your tickets (or e
ticket booking confirmation) with a covering letter by Recorded Delivery to:
Customer Services
roundtheworldflights.com
32-33 Upper Street, Islington,
London, United Kingdom N1 0PN
Refunds do take a while - 12 months is not unusual but on average 3 - 6 months is
usually what they take (it really does depend on the airline).
Please give your booking number and all other relevant information, this will assist
us in quickly addressing your concerns. If you fail to do this, the company will
not have had the opportunity to investigate and rectify your complaint and this
may affect your rights under this contract.
Financial protection
The company has an Air Travels Organiser’s License (ATOL - 6283)
granted by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA), we also act as a retail agent for
other ATOL holders. In the unlikely event of insolvency, the CAA will ensure that
you are not stranded abroad and will arrange to refund any money you have paid to
us for an advance booking. For further information please visit the ATOL website
at www.atol.org.uk. The ATOL receipt
confirms that your money is protected by an Air Travel Organiser's Licence granted
by the CAA. Please note if scheduled airline flights are booked we will include
Schedule Airline Failure Insurance (SAFI) to your booking. The company is also a
member of the International Air Travel Association (IATA). Travel
insurance is strongly recommended at all times, and in some situations, is compulsory.
The company will not accept responsibility for any persons who fail to take out
adequate travel insurance.
Your Financial Protection
When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from us you
will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where
you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things
go wrong.
We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with the
services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases,
where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an
alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a
suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those
circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you
agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that
alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be
possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to
make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).
If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide
the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or
otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may
make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You
agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those
Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the
non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or
your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may
be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed
under the ATOL scheme.
Force Majeure
The company cannot accept responsibility or pay any compensation for any loss, delay,
cancellation or alteration of travel arrangements caused by
circumstances that amount to 'Force Majeure'. This may include war, threat of war,
riots/civil strife, industrial disputes, fire, adverse weather conditions, natural
disaster, terrorist activity and all other events beyond the company's control.
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by roundtheworldflights.com a fully owned
website of The Global Village Travel Centre, 32-33 Upper Street, London, United Kingdom N1 0PN
We are  committed to protecting your personal data. The following
Privacy Policy outlines the type of information that is collected by
Global Village and www.roundtheworldflights.com and the purposes
that we may
use this information for.
Our General Policy
We don't like other sites collecting loads of unnecessary data on ourselves, so
we apply the same criteria to you our passengers. So we'll only ping you an email
once a week IF we've got some good offers or some decent deals have come out. We'll try and make them interesting too. You can also opt out of that too.
We will also never share your data with anyone else. We dislike spam too. And to
our knowledge we don't collect cookies and we've honestly never used them (wouldn't
know where to start quite frankly). Also if you think there's anything we could
do to be less intrusive then please tell us.
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By using our web site you signify that you agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy
as posted on this Web page.
Your Personal Information
As used in this Privacy Policy, 'Personal Information' means personally identifiable
information such as your name, postal address, telephone number and e-mail address.
When you provide us with Personal Information, you are authorising us to use that
information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. This includes your
right to limit our use of the Personal Information as described in this Policy.
Use of your information
When you supply personal information to us through this website we will use it for
the express purpose for which it was collected; to create a booking, to answer your
questions or to send you further details on a requested tour or itinerary. We may
also use this information to send
you further emails or promotional material through the post with information (we
sent 14 in a year in 2011) on current product and offers unless you have ticked the
relevant box to indicate that you do not wish to receive such information. You can
also opt out from those emails.
Cookies
You may have heard of 'cookies' which are small text files that our site may send
to your hard drive whilst you are on our site. Quite simply we don't collect them.
Secure Information
We take all reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. All
personally identifiable information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorised
access or misuse.
Social Media Integrations
Our websites and mobile applications may use social media features and widgets (such as “Like” and “Share” buttons/widgets) (“SM Features”). These are provided and operated by third party companies (e.g. Facebook) and either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website or mobile application. SM Features may collect information such as the page you are visiting on our website/mobile application, your IP address, and may set cookies to enable the SM Feature to function properly.
If you are logged into your account with the third party company, then the third party may be able to link information about your visit to and use of our website or mobile application to your social media account with them. Similarly, your interactions with the SM Features may be recorded by the third party. In addition, the third party company may send us information in line with their policies, such as your name, profile picture, gender, friend lists and any other information you have chosen to make available, and we may share information with the third party company for the purposes of serving targeted marketing to you via the third party social media platform. You can manage the sharing of information and opt out from targeted marketing via your privacy settings for the third party social media platform.
Your interactions with these SM Features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party company providing them. For more information about the data practices of these third party companies, and to find out more about what personal information is collected about you and how the third party uses such personal information, please refer to their privacy policy directly.
Privacy is important to you and us
For enquiries concerning Data Protection at the company, please write to the Commercial Director using our Islington address here
About the data we collect from customers
Your personal data and that of your party is important to us. We will always treat it with the respect it deserves and will never pass it to any third parties, except those that need this information in the course of providing the holiday services that you have booked.
Transactional Data
Specifically, to support travel booking arrangements we process the following data:
Cardholder name
Postal address
Credit/debit card details (including card number, cardholder name, expiry date and start date and issues number where required plus the 3 digit security code
The email address of the paying customer to confirm the booking arrangement to
The phone number of the paying customer.
The company will keep the remaining information for 2 years from the fulfilment of the services we provide to you to both comply with our legal tax obligations and as a legitimate interest of the company to retain a record of the transaction for contractual purposes.
The company ensures Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance by adhering to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). This safeguards the security of card transactions and protect cardholder data.
Travel services data
To support the specific holiday services that we book for you, we also require some or all of the following information from each traveller within the travel party:
Names
Postal addresses
Full passport details
Dates of birth
Nationalities
Special dietary requirements
Mobile telephone numbers
Email addresses
Gender
Generally, this collection occurs when you deal with us either in person, by telephone, letter or email or when you visit any of our websites or connect with us via social media.
Where data processing is subject to the Special Data category under UK Data Protection legislation, e.g. information relating to children under the age of 13, health or religion, then the explicit consent of the data subject or their legal guardian, if under the age of 13, will be required by the company to allow us to process that information.
Note that if you do not give consent or later withdraw your consent, this may affect our ability to provide services to you or negatively impact the services we can offer to you.
Where you make a booking on behalf of other people, the group travel organiser accepts full responsibility for informing all individuals within the group about this Privacy Notice.
The Company’s legal basis for processing this data is that it is necessary for both the performance of a contract and a legitimate business interest.
This data is retained for 2 years after the fulfilment of the services to support any subsequent reviews of the services provided under contract with our customers in accordance with section 5 of the Limitation Act 1980.
Email marketing
The company also process customer names and email addresses to make our customers aware of similar holiday products and services.
The company's legal basis for processing this data is that it is considered a legitimate business interest as the customer has purchased a similar service or product previously and that they have not opted-out of receiving the marketing communications using the simple unsubscribe feature on all of our marketing communications.
We are committed to safeguarding and protecting customer personal data and has therefore implemented and will maintain appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security to protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. We regularly review security technologies and will strive to protect our customers' data as fully as we protect our own confidential data.
All payment data taken by the company is processed in accordance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS). The PCI DSS is a set of security standards that ALL companies that accept, store, process or transmit credit and debit card information must conform with. Our payment systems are regularly tested to ensure continuing compliance with PCI DSS.
We will destroy or de-identify personal data once we no longer require it for business purposes or as required by law.
Long story short - it is very easy to opt out
Who we share customer data with
Third-party suppliers
Customer data is frequently shared with third party suppliers including, without limitation, to airlines, tour companies, travel agencies, mailing houses, couriers and payment processors but only where necessary to support the fulfilment of the travel services that you have booked through the company, i.e. to support the performance of the contract we have with you.
To the extent permitted by current data protection laws in the United Kingdom and countries within the European Economic Area we will not be liable for how overseas recipients handle, store and process your personal data.
Advance passenger information
Under UK law (The Immigration Act 1971, the Immigration and Police (Passenger, Crew and Service Information) Order 2008 and the Security and Travel Bans Authority to Carry Scheme 2012) we are legally required to collect Advance Passenger Information (API) for passengers prior to travel for many destinations and share that information with carriers (e.g. airlines) that are supporting our customers journeys. This information is required to aid aviation safety and security.
The company's legal basis for processing this data is to support our legal obligations under UK law.
Advance Passenger Information is no different in content from data collected for travel services above, so by default it would be retained for 7 years. The carrier’s duty to share this information will be in accordance with local legislation, e.g. in the UK, carriers are required to share Advanced Passenger Information with the UK government border systems programme.
Your rights relating to the personal data we collect
We fully recognise your right to:
Update, modify, delete or obtain a copy of the personal data that we hold on you;
Restrict or stop us from using any of the personal data which we hold on you, including by withdrawing any consent you have previously given to the processing of such information;
Where any personal data has been processed on the basis of your consent, or as necessary to perform a contract to which you are a party, request a copy of such personal data in a suitable format.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, you can request this by emailing or writing to us at the addresses provided in the Who We Are and How To Contact Us About Data Protection sections above. You will receive acknowledgement of your request, and we will advise you of the timeframe within which you will receive your information pack.
We endeavour to respond to such requests within a month or less, although we reserve the right to extend this period for complex requests.
We reserve the right to deny you access for any reason permitted under applicable laws. Such exemptions may include national security, corporate finance and confidential references. If we deny access or correction, we will provide you with written reasons for such denial unless it is unreasonable to do so and, where required by local data protection laws, will note your request and the denial of same in our records.
Please note that, if you request that we restrict or stop using personal data we hold on you, or withdraw a consent you have previously given to the processing of such information, this may affect our ability to provide services to you or negatively impact the services we can offer to you. For example, most holiday or travel bookings must be made under the traveller's full name and must include contact details and appropriate identification (e.g. passport details). We cannot make bookings for you without that information.
You must always provide accurate information, and you agree to update it whenever necessary.
You also agree that, in the absence of any update, we can assume that the information submitted to us is correct unless we subsequently become aware that it is not correct.
You can at any time tell us not to send you marketing communications by email by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us.
In any of the situations listed above, we may request that you prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of identification in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorised disclosure of personal data.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data but we reserve the right to charge you a reasonable administrative fee for any manifestly unfounded or excessive requests concerning your access to your personal data, and for any additional copies of the personal data you request from us.
Why do I need travel insurance?
Well if you break your leg in Cambodia on a scooter and you have to be flown home
then that can cost £150K plus - 10 times as much in the States - so unless
you've got very very rich parents (we're talking Sunday Times Rich list Top 100)
then get a decent travel insurance - not one from a chemist or local butchers -
use a specialist that offers a policy that provides high medical expenses, repatriation
and good legal cover at the very least. You don't have to buy it through us but
you'd be a village idiot not to get insurance from somewhere. If you are cost conscious
or don't plan on taking much of value with you, we have negotiated rates that include
and exclude cover for baggage and money from 1 month up to 12 months. We believe
that the rates and cover that we offer are among the best you will find. See details here
Further Information
Please email experts@roundtheworldflights.com or call us on +44 (0)207 704 5700 if you have any comments or questions about this
Privacy Policy, would like to correct your personal information or remove yourself
from our postal or electronic mailing list.
Airlines
What the airlines are like
Preparation
Timeline
Budget
Daily Spend
Cheaper places
Visas
RTW visas
Insurance
Exclusive Insurance
Destination Blogs
Worldwide Blogs
Australia Blogs
New Zealand Blogs
Pacific Blogs
North America Blogs
Latin America Blogs
Asia Blogs
Africa Blogs
Hotels, ebrochures & tours
Hotels
Australia NZ & Pacific tailor-made brochure
USA & Canada tailor-made brochure
Asia tailor-made brochure
Latin America tailor-made brochure
Africa tailor-made brochure
Africa Overland group tours
Trans-Sib
Express private tours
Asia tour brochure
South America tour brochure
ATOL & IATA bonded
My trip
View my itinerary
roundtheworldflights.com
Contact us
No surcharges on UK Debit Cards!
About us
Our RTW team
Booking Conditions
Customer Relations
Telephone 020 7704 5700
Opening hours
International :
+44 (0) 207 704 5700
Email : sales@roundtheworldflights.com
Round the world tickets
©roundtheworldflights.com 2020
Legal | Open 9am weekdays | Since 1997