https://www.wysetc.org/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Privacy and cookie policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy in compliance with the GDPR and fair transparent use of data.
This policy (together with our terms and conditions of use and any other documents referred it refers to) sets out the basis by which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data, and how we’ll treat it.
The Company
WYSE Travel Confederation including it’s wholly owned subsidiary WYSE Services BV, are referred to as WYSE Travel Confederation within this document.
Applicable law
WYSE Travel Confederation will process the personal information provided by the User as defined in Dutch law as article 10 & 13 of the Dutch Constitution and the Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens.
What is personal data?
Personal data is the information that identifies you, such as your name, address, email or postal address that is held by WYSE Travel Confederation or an online third-party provider contracted by WYSE Travel Confederation such as Marcom ACE.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our websites (“our sites”). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our sites, subscribing to our service or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you don’t have to respond to them
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and fulfillment of your orders
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access
Information that you request us to forward to a WYSE Travel Confederation Member(s) including but not limited to addresses for brochure requests.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is aggregate data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and doesn’t identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that’s transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, allowing us to customise our site according to your individual interest
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our site
The table below explains the types of cookies we use and why.
Cookie type purpose:
Performance cookies; Google Analytics – These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Registration/Members login cookies – These cookies are used to track which visitors are signed in to the Members only area of the website so that these visitors do not have to enter their password for every Members only or admin page they visit.
Functionality cookies – These cookies are used to remember the choices visitors have made including for example, remembering that a visitor has previously entered information in an online form.
Targeting/advertising cookies – These cookies are usually set by a third party in order to ensure a visitor gets shown a random, varied list of travel offers on each page they visit.
By using the site you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.
You can refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to do this. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you’ve adjusted your browser setting to refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log in to our site.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers or Members. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We’ll take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet isn’t completely secure. Although we’ll do our best to protect your personal data, we can’t guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we’ve received your information, we’ll use our reasonable endeavours to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We may use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you’ve consented to be contacted for such purposes
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so
To notify you about changes to our service
To notify you of offers and services from our members that match interests or requirements you’ve registered with us.
If you’re an existing customer, we’ll only contact you by electronic means (email) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you’re a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you’ve consented to this.
If you don’t want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form by which we collect your data.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
As explicitly instructed by you, for example when forwarding information or brochure requests to WYSE Travel Confederation
If WYSE Travel Confederation or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held about its customers will be one of the transferred assets
If we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of WYSE Travel Confederation, our members, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We’ll inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at communications@wysetc.org.
If you do not wish to receive information about WYSE Travel Confederation’s activities, products and/or services or offers of other relevant third parties, please update your personal data or by email at communications@wysetc.org. You have the right to know what data WYSE Travel Confederation holds about you, and will be provided on request to communications@wysetc.org in a .txt or pdf format. You have the right to rectify incorrect information that WYSE Travel Confederation holds about you, which you can request at communications@wysetc.org.  You have the “right to be forgotten” and your data will be deleted upon request to communications@wysetc.org.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access personal information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Links to other websites
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our members, partner networks, advertisers and affiliates, plus other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
This privacy policy applies to WYSE Travel Confederation’s other related sites used to process membership, event bookings and WYSE Travel Confederation products and services.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Contact
For any questions, comments and requests please contact us.
Amsterdam, 14 May 2018
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more