http://www.junqua-aircraft.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy:
Amber Reed ("Amber")
operates junqua-aircraft.com and may operate other websites. It
is Amber's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Amber collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Amber's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Amber's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Amber may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Amber also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on junqua-aircraft.com
blogs/sites. Amber only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Amber's websites choose to interact
with Amber in ways that require Amber to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Amber gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at junqua-aircraft.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Amber are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Amber collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Amber. Amber does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Amber may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Amber may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Amber does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Amber discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Amber's behalf or to provide services available
at Amber's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Amber's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Amber will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Amber discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Amber believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Amber, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Amber website and have supplied your email address, Amber
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Amber and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Amber takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Amber uses cookies to
help Amber identify and track visitors, their usage of Amber
website, and their website access preferences. Amber visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Amber's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Amber's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Amber, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Amber goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Amber may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Amber and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Amber may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Amber's sole
discretion. Amber encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a junqua-aircraft.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent
What to Know Before Purchasing a Condo
Significant Benefits and Uses of Peppermint Oil
Benefits of using breast enlargement creams
Essential Oils Serving Various Health Benefits
Simple Steps For Increasing Libido In Women
Follow Us On Social Media
Follow Us!
TagsArousal
benefits
breast enlargement creams
condo
condo living
condominium
condos
Health
Libido
menthol
Nature
oil
Oils
peppermint oil
Sex drive
Categories
Aromatherapy
Beauty
Condos
Oils
Women Issues
Pages
About
Acid Reflux
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service