http://www.monsterfishkeepers.com/forums/help/terms/
Menu
Forums
New posts
Trending
Search forums
What's new
New posts
Latest activity
AC Forums
Tank Calculator
Log in
Register
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Terms and rules
Help
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
Medals
There is no charge for joining this Forum! This User Agreement describes the terms and conditions on which Monster Fish Keepers, owner of Monster Fish Keepers offers you to be a participant in the Monster Fish Keepers forums & gallery.
Please read carefully the following Term and Conditions. By participating in our website as a member you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by the said Terms and Conditions and to faithfully comply with the same. However. if you have any questions about this Agreement,
please contact us at
webmaster@monsterfishkeepers.com.
If you agree to the terms, please check the 'I have read, and agree to abide by the Monster Fish Keepers rules.' checkbox and press the 'Register' button below. If you would like to cancel the registration, click here to return to the forums index.
1. Registration
Information required upon registration for each participant on Monster Fish Keepers must be accurate and complete. You must update such information as needed in order to ensure that the information remains to be accurate and complete.
2. Use of Member ID and Password
Monster Fish Keepers assumes that all activities made using your Member ID and password are authorized by you.
3. Posting of Messages
Upon registration on Monster Fish Keepers, Monster Fish Keepers allows you to post a message (including without limitation text, data, photos, graphics, music, sounds and videos) in the Monster Fish Keepers forums in a number of forms, such as your opinion about any of the topics in the Monster Fish Keepers forums and comments to other people's messages. (the "Messages").
4. User Conduct
You agree not to provide any Messages, Avatars, Titles, Signatures to the Monster Fish Keepers forums that: (a) infringes any third-party intellectual property or publicity/privacy rights, (b) is knowingly false, and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violation of any law or regulation, (c) contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information, and (d) promotes piracy.
As each forum is specifically tailored to address certain topics, you are responsible for initiating new threads in the correct forum. You should stay on-topic at all times. The appropriate content for each forum is described in detail on the Monster Fish Keepers forums homepage.
You agree not to post the same message in multiple forums without permission from the Monster Fish Keepers Administrator. All such requests for permission should be directed through the Administrative forum.
"Impersonation," or assuming the character of another member by copying his username and manner of writing, is not allowed.
"Multiple User Names," or assuming the character of more than one member by using more than one username and manner of writing, is not allowed.
"Flaming," or lashing out at other participants or displaying repeated dissatisfaction of Monster Fish Keepers Administration and corrective actions, is strictly forbidden. Proper etiquette is required for participation in Monster Fish Keepers.
"Spamming," or sending unsolicited electronic junk mail or junk newsgroup postings, in any form, is strictly forbidden.
"Trolling," or posting insulting or deliberately divisive threads/replies for the purpose of (1) harvesting retaliatory insults and flames, or (2) throwing off the balance of the forum, is also disallowed.
You agree not to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or “flood,” cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges.
You agree not to use the Monster Fish Keepers forums to either advertise or promote commercial endeavors, which includes direct posts, as well as, active links to other sites on the Internet, without permission from the Monster Fish Keepers Administrator. All such requests for permission should be directed through the Administrative forum. You may, however, include URLs or active links to commercial sites, reasonable in number, only for the sole purpose of expanding on comments or providing additional information as part of regular forum interactions.
You agree that you will not incorporate any word in your name, Message ID or custom user title or Avatar, that is defamatory, obscene or profane, or which violates any trademark, service mark, or other proprietary/intellectual property rights of any third party, including, without limitation, that of Monster Fish Keepers.
5. Content Filtering
Monster Fish Keepers reserves the right to edit, delete, or prune any and all Messages which, in its sole opinion, violates any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, or is viewed in our judgment as inappropriate at the time of submittal or at anytime thereafter.
Monster Fish Keepers may elect, at its sole discretion, to monitor some, all, or no areas of Monster Fish Keepers for adherence to these terms and conditions or Monster Fish Keepers policies and guidelines. Moderators of Monster Fish Keepers control individual forums. Questions about a particular forum should be directed to the respective forum moderator.
Any user who feels that a message is objectionable may request Monster Fish Keepers to delete said Message by PM to an Admin or email through
webmaster@monsterfishkeepers.com. Upon receipt of such a request, Monster Fish Keepers will determine, in its sole opinion, if such deletion is necessary. If deemed necessary, Monster Fish Keepers will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable period.
Monster Fish Keepers does not endorse or recommend any of the opinions or ideas contributed by its users. However, Monster Fish Keepers permits others to make judgments about your Messages.
Monster Fish Keepers is not responsible for any and all Messages expressed in the Monster Fish Keepers forums. Monster Fish Keepers does not attempt to control or validate any comments or recommendations provided by the participants and is not responsible for any inaccuracies in the Messages. Therefore, you bear the risk associated with, the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of the Messages.
Information contained in the Monster Fish Keepers forums, including but not limited to those relating to law or medicine or other fields, is not intended to substitute for the advice or opinion of your own lawyer or physician or professional adviser. You agree not to rely solely on any of the advise or opinion expressed. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall Monster Fish Keepers be liable for any reliance on any such information, nor shall Monster Fish Keepers be liable for any direct, incidental, special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the information in Monster Fish Keepers.
Monster Fish Keepers does not endorse or recommend any posts which encourage the shipping of invasive species (plant or animal) and prohibits the use or said use of illegal activates.
Monster Fish Keepers will not allow any posts which incorporate politics or religion in any form in the forums. This includes but is not limited to words and/or insinuations in avatars, posts, and/or signatures. Monster Fish Keepers will make every effort to remove any such avatars, posts, and/or signatures which does such with editing and/or deleting as deemed necessary.
Monster Fish Keepers will not allow nudity in any form in the forums. This includes but is not limited to avatars, words and/or insinuations in avatars, posts, and/or signatures. Monster Fish Keepers will make every effort to remove any such avatars, posts, and/or signatures which does such with editing and/or deleting as deemed necessary.
6. User Privacy
Monster Fish Keepers collects information during the registration process to operate the site ("Registration Information"). It collects non-personally identifiable information (often referred to as demographic information) such as: country, region or city, zip or postal code, gender, birth date and occupation. You may update your Registration Information any time by clicking the "Settings" link found on the horizontal black bar on the upper part of any Monster Fish Keepers page.
Your Registration Information is used only for demographic statistics. Monster Fish Keepers keeps all of your Personal Information private and does not share it with any third parties. Monster Fish Keepers will not disclose your Personal Information unless acting under a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Monster Fish Keepers; (3) enforce the User Agreement; or (4) act to protect the interests of its members or others.
A special registration form during contests/promos may be used for the purpose of gathering demographic information from the contest/promo participants. This information can be shared with the contest/promo sponsors depending on Monster Fish Keepers's agreement with them.
Monster Fish Keepers will not send you any unsolicited information, including e-mail, unless you choose otherwise. Monster Fish Keepers may also send periodic newsletters and/or member letters to announce important service changes, new features, and technical issue updates.
If at any time you believe that Monster Fish Keepers has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at
webmaster@monsterfishkeepers.com and we will use all reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem. If you have questions about this policy, please e-mail us at
webmaster@monsterfishkeepers.com .
7. Parental Supervision
At the time of registration, it is required that users check whether they are under 13 or 13 and older at time of registration truthfully. Monster Fish Keepers will not be held accountable for users who answer this question untruthfully. Monster Fish Keepers encourages parents to monitor their children who are under 13 years of age. While content is moderated to filter objectionable posts, some topics may still not be suitable for children.
8. Limitation of Use
Monster Fish Keepers reserves the right to limit the use of Monster Fish Keepers forums to any individual or group at any time.
9. No Warranty
Monster Fish Keepers disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, completeness, legality, reliability, or operability or availability of information or material in the Monster Fish Keepers forums.
Monster Fish Keepers disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, failure to store, misdelivery, or untimely delivery of Messages.
Monster Fish Keepers disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from downloading or accessing any information or material through Monster Fish Keepers.
The Monster Fish Keepers web site and services are provided "as is," and Monster Fish Keepers and its co-brand partners expressly disclaim all warranties or conditions of any kind (whether express, implied or statutory), including without limitation the implied warranties of title, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, Monster Fish Keepers does not promise or warrant to you that any aspect of the web site and system will work properly or will be available continuously.
10. No Liability
In no event shall Monster Fish Keepers be liable to any party for any loss or damage, including but not limited to lost revenues or profits or special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages (howsoever arising, including negligence) arising out of or in connection with the Monster Fish Keepers website, its services or this Agreement.
11. Access Limits
Without the prior written consent of Monster Fish Keepers, you may not (a) use any automated means to access the site or collect any information from the Monster Fish Keepers website (including without limitation robots, spiders or scripts), or (b) frame the site, place pop-up windows over its pages, or otherwise affect the display of its pages.
12. Services, Fees and Charges
Monster Fish Keepers reserves the right to modify the services offered by Monster Fish Keepers from time to time, with or without notice, including the right to terminate such services. Monster Fish Keepers reserves the right to charge any fees for use or participation in the Monster Fish Keepers forums. At present, however, Monster Fish Keepers does not charge any fees for participation in the Monster Fish Keepers.
13. Amendments
Monster Fish Keepers reserves the right to amend any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement at any time. Such amended terms and conditions shall be effective when posted at the Monster Fish Keepers website.
14. Termination
Monster Fish Keepers reserves the right to terminate your use of Monster Fish Keepers at anytime, with or without notice. Following termination, at its sole option, Monster Fish Keepers may remove some or all of your Messages from the Monster Fish Keepers website or leave it available for public review, without need of notice or approval from you.
15. Governing Law and Venue
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the venue shall be the proper courts of United States of America.
If you have any questions or complaints concerning our policies or terms of use, please contact us at
webmaster@monsterfishkeepers.com
Help
Top
Bottom