http://www.playle.com/privacy.php
playle.com
Advanced
Checkout
Menu
Auctions
All Items
Postcards
Paper
Antiques/Collectibles
Stamps
Postal History
Photographs
Dealer Directory
Stores
Discount Sales
All Items
Postcards
Paper
Antiques/Collectibles
Stamps
Postal History
Photographs
Dealer Directory
Buyers
Checkout & Pay
How to Bid
Watch List
Bid/Buy List
Saved Searches
Sellers
Invoicing
Create Sale
Seller Fees
FAQ
Add Listing
Multi-Lister
Batch Upload
Settings
Tools
Account
Vacation Hold
Registration
Register
Request Activation
New Password
Update
Disclaimer
Privacy
Help
FAQ
Contacts
About Us
Testimonials
Complaints
New Password
Deltiology
Real Photo ID
Blog
PC Clubs
Detroit Publ
Postage Dates
Checklists
Curt Teich
Tuck Data
Blog
Custom Search
Buy and Sell Vintage Postcards, Postage Stamps, Postal History, Antiques and Collectibles!
IMPORTANT NOTICE: The Playle.com Postcard Sales and Auction site will be closing soon. Sales will cease on December 22, 2020, and the site will close on December 31, 2020. The deltiology information areas of the site will remain open. If you have any questions, please email us at support@playle.com. Thank you for your support over these many years.
Playle's Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site, products and services.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you register on our Web site, you provide us personal information you knowingly choose to disclose. Playle's is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, rent, or share this information with others.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
We use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making other products and services available to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services, special offers, or auctions we think you will find valuable. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Once you have registered, if you do not wish to receive these site announcements and periodical offers, you can Click Here to be removed from Playle's Email List. You will also be offered the opportunity to be removed in the emails you receive.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. Email you send to us may not be secure. For that reason, we ask that you do not send charge card numbers or other sensitive information to us through unsecured email.
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase products or services from us using a credit or debit card, you will need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number & exp. date
Telephone number
This information is used ONLY for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders.
If we have trouble processing your order, the information is used to contact you.
How Do We Secure Your Online Payments?
Playle's takes every precaution to protect users' information both online and offline.  We encrypt data sent across networks, via SSL and SSH.  Our Web Site is protected with encryption software SSL, which we have licensed from Comodo.  While on our pages, the lock icon on Web browsers becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open.  All information you input is encrypted before it is sent, scrambled en route, and decoded once it reaches us.  If anyone could somehow intercept the communication, they would only be able to see it in an encrypted (garbled) form.  Playle's does NOT store your credit or debit card number anywhere on our Web Site or Server. Before entering confidential credit card information, you are transferred directly to PayPal's secure site.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
If you need to change/update your information in our registration database, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc., you can do this online by using our Registration Change Form.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Third-Party Ads on Our Our Web Site?
We use third-party advertising companies, such as Google, to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site, nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding Playle's Privacy Policy, Email: david@playle.com
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
© Copyright 1997-2018 by Playle's Auctions. This Site Powered by PLAYLE'S SOFTWARE   Webmaster David Playle