http://www.thetollroads.com/help/service-centers
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy.
TCA is committed to protecting your privacy and keeping you informed. Click here to read our Privacy Policy (PDF) and learn how your information is collected, used, stored, shared and protected.
Skip to main content
Home
Help
Service Centers
Service Centers
Our website, app and automated phone service are available to help manage your account, pay a toll, resolve a violation and much more 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
CUSTOMER SERVICE CALL CENTER
(949) 727-4800
Hours: M-F, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., Sat, 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Our customer service team is complying with efforts to help slow the spread of COVID-19, as a result, callers may experience longer than expected wait times. For shortest wait times, please consider calling on Tuesday, Wednesday or Saturday. We apologize for the inconvenience and thank you for your patience.
CUSTOMER SERVICE WALK-IN CENTER
Amid ongoing concerns about coronavirus (COVID-19) and following the governor’s guidance to avoid or slow the spread of the disease, The Toll Roads’ Customer Service Walk-In Center in Irvine is closed indefinitely.
For the most up-to-date information, visit: https://thetollroads.com/covid-19
In this section
Ways to Pay TollsRental VehiclesFor VisitorsMilitary ProgramService CentersContact UsFAQsTutorials
Back to Top
×
The Toll Roads Rewards Program
With The Toll Roads Rewards Program, accountholders who drive The Toll Roads at least once during the month will receive a special promotion from a local retail partner as a token of our appreciation. The program is free for accountholders and easy to join.  Log in to your account now!
Drive this month for rewards from:Pedego Electric Bikes
Close
Tell Me More
Update
Our Response to COVID-19
As a government agency, the health and safety of the public are important to us and we are committed to complying with efforts to slow the spread of COVID-19.
While our Walk-In Center remains closed, our call center, website and app are available to manage an account, open a new account, pay a toll, resolve a violation and much more.
For the latest on our response to COVID-19, visit TheTollRoads.com/COVID-19.
For free educational resources to pass time during quarantine, visit TheTollRoads.com/Educational-Resources.
Close
×