http://www.prices4antiques.com/privacy.html
Prices for Antiques
Home
Login
Login Form
User Name
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password?
Create an account
Subscribe
Forthcoming Auctions
Database Search
Contact Us
Site Feedback
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
p4A.com, ltd. respects the privacy rights of our subscribers. That's why auctioneers, antiques appraisers and serious collectors are comfortable in subscribing. We've structured
the prices4antiques.com database so that you can use it without revealing any personal information beyond what you originally disclose when you sign up.
When you first subscribe ...
... we'll ask for only basic information, This includes name, address, email address and type of subscription. We use this to provide better customer service. In the future, we may ask subscribers to voluntarily provide information on their personal or professional preferences so that we can continually improve our service. We retain credit card information only as long as it takes us to process subscriptions and other services. We use encryption when collecting or transferring your credit card data.
Your e-mail address is important ...
... because it helps us communicate important services, website improvements, updates, industry announcements and other information collectors find valuable. Occasionally, we may contact you for research purposes. Of course, you will always have the option of not participating or of avoiding such further unsolicited contact.
We're not into sharing ...
... any information you provide us with any parties, agencies, or firms
unless required by law to do so. p4A.com, ltd. will not sell, rent, or share any information applicable to you. Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) will not be given or sold to any other organization.
As things change over time ...
... we want to maintain accurate subscriber account information. By accessing your account through the prices4antiques.com website, you can correct or update your account information. Your unique password assures complete privacy and the security of your account and enables you to make changes to your account information any time you wish.
Some things are beyond our control ...
... such as third party Internet sites and services accessible through prices4antiques.com. These entities may have privacy and data collection policies that differ from us. While we make every reasonable effort to protect your information, we cannot accept any responsibility or liability for the policies or actions of these independent parties. The responsibility to maintain the secrecy of your password or any account information is solely yours.
Send your comments or questions about our Privacy Policies to
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Top
Skip to content
Copyright © 2000 - 2020 p4A Antiques Research Services, LLC.
v3.1.15 (2017-05-01) AWS
Review our on-line privacy statement or Contact Us
Not Logged In (Visitor)