http://www.lexus.co.uk/legal
Skip to main content
On this page we (Toyota (GB) PLC) set out the terms that govern the use of this website. By accessing this web site you are deemed to have accepted the latest version of these terms. If you are unwilling to accept these terms (which are non-negotiable) please do not use this website. Lexus UK is a trading name of Toyota (GB) Plc. Toyota (GB) PLC is registered in England as company number 916634 and its registered office is:
Great Burgh, Burgh Heath. Epsom, Surrey, KT18 5UX, England. Its VAT registration number is GB679 9771 44..
We may change the terms that govern the use of this website at any time without notice by updating this webpage. It is your responsibility to check this webpage if you want to see the latest version of these terms.
PURPOSE AND TARGET AUDIENCE OF WEBSITE
This website is for your personal use only and is not to be used for any commercial purpose, whether directly or indirectly, without our prior written consent.
This website is directed solely to the following territories for which we have national marketing and sales responsibilities so far as the supply of Lexus vehicles, parts and/or accessories is concerned (“the Relevant Territories”): England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands.
We have no objection to people outside the Relevant Territories visiting the website provided that they abide by these terms and they recognise that we can only fulfil requests for information and services that are made from within one of the Relevant Territories. It is for people outside the Relevant Territories to ensure that they comply with any local laws when accessing this website.
If you want information about the availability of Lexus products and services outside the Relevant Territories then you should contact the Lexus Division of the Toyota national marketing and sales company for the territory concerned. If this company is situated within Europe you may find their contact details on www.Lexus.eu. Alternatively you should contact your nearest official Lexus retail centre.
OWNERSHIP OF WEBSITE
This website and its sub-domains are owned by our holding Company, Toyota Motor Europe NV/SA, whose address is Rue de Bourget 60, Bourgetland 60, 1140 Brussels, Belgium. We manage those parts of the site that are addressed to people within the Relevant Territories. This includes Lexus Blog.
WEBSITE AVAILABILITY
The price information contained in or provided through this Lexus site is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell Lexus products. Prices are recommended retail prices, and actual prices from an authorized Lexus dealer may differ. The purchase of any Lexus product shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the individual sales contract.
We reserve the right to deny or restrict access to this website to any one who we believe is or may be –
(1) engaged in unlawful, malicious or offensive conduct; or
(2) otherwise contravening these terms.
We may suspend or terminate access to this website at any time without notice.
AVAILABILITY AND PRICING OF ADVERTISED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
All products and services advertised on this website may be withdrawn or altered at any time without notice. Please check with your official Lexus retail centre the availability and specification of Lexus products and services before placing any order for them.
All prices shown on this website are recommended retail prices and may differ from the price quoted by an official Lexus retail centre for the same product or service.
USE OF WEBSITE
All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (both registered and unregistered) pertaining to this website belong to us, our holding company and/or third parties. You have no right or licence to use any trade mark, design right or copyright owned or controlled by us, our holding company or any third party except as expressly provided in these terms.
You may only view, electronically copy and print the text, images and other content displayed on this website for your own information. The reproduction, modification, or other re-use of any content on this website for any other purpose, in particular any commercial purpose, without our prior written consent is prohibited.
DISCLAIMERS
Some of the product images contained on this website may relate to vehicles with different specifications to those that are available in the Relevant Territories. Please ask your official Lexus retail centre to confirm the availability and specification of any vehicle that you are interested in if you have any questions in this regard.
The provision of information on this website about Lexus products and services does not constitute an offer by us to sell or supply such products or services to you directly through this website.
While we take care to ensure the information presented on this website is accurate and up to date, you should be aware that it may include errors or omissions. You should not therefore rely exclusively on this information when making any associated purchase decision. Instead you should consult your official Lexus retail centre or your official Lexus service outlet.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the information presented on this website is provided without any warranty, whether express or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for any particular purpose, non infringement, completeness or accuracy.
From time to time this website may contain links to and from other websites. Unless we own such websites neither we nor our holding company accept any responsibility for such websites. Please see our Privacy Policy in this regard.
You should be aware that we permit Lexus Financial Services to advertise certain products and to provide certain services on this website. Please see the next section and our Privacy Policy in this regard.
We shall not be liable for any loss or damage that is alleged to be associated with the use of this website or any website accessed from this site including, but not limited to, any economic, consequential, indirect or special loss.
If any of these terms is found to be unenforceable through the Courts then it shall be severed and the remaining terms shall continue to apply.
Nothing in these terms shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
STATUS DISCLOSURE
This site is managed by Toyota (GB) PLC so far as the Relevant Territories are concerned. Our registered address is Great Burgh, Burgh Heath, Epsom, Surrey, KT18 5UX and our VAT registration number is GB679977144.
Toyota (GB) PLC is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is an introducer appointed representative of Toyota Insurance Management Limited and Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC, both of which are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, in respect of insurance mediation activities only.
Lexus Financial Services is a trading name of Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC. Registered office: Great Burgh, Burgh Heath, Epsom, Surrey, KT18 5UZ. Registered in England and Wales with Company number 02299861. VAT Registration Number 991265983. Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Toyota (GB) PLC is neither a parent nor a subsidiary of either Toyota Insurance Management Limited or Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC.
Toyota Insurance Management Limited and Toyota Financial Services (UK) PLC are not subsidiaries of each other or Toyota (GB) PLC.
APPLICABLE LAW
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Unless we otherwise agree in writing any dispute regarding the interpretation of the terms that cannot be resolved informally shall be referred to and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
STATEMENT OF TOYOTA (GB) PLC’S POLICY REGARDING BRIBERY, CORRUPTION AND ANTI-COMPETITIVE PRACTICES
Toyota (GB) PLC and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the TGB Group”) are committed to conducting business openly, fairly and honestly. The TGB Group therefore maintains a zero-tolerance policy towards bribery, corruption and anti-competitive practices. This policy applies to all TGB Group personnel plus certain contractors on each occasion they have contact with an individual, firm or organisation outside the TGB Group (collectively referred to as “External Persons”) for Toyota business purposes. External Persons include without limitation: prospective and existing suppliers; prospective and existing customers; prospective and existing network centres and service outlets; public bodies with whom the TGB Group has a non-commercial relationship; charities; and competitors.
It should be noted that TGB Group personnel are required to report internally amongst other things:
(a) Any financial interest that they have or an associate of theirs has in an External Person. An associate is defined as including a spouse, a partner and any blood or step relative of the person making the declaration or their spouse or partner.
(b) The offer and receipt of all forms of business related gift and hospitality with limited exceptions.
(c) The rejection of the offer of any business related gift and hospitality, whether inward or outward.
(d) Any form of improper behaviour by an External Person or a work colleague.
The offer and receipt of certain types of gifts and hospitality are prohibited to TGB Group personnel, for example personal payments that do not form part of legitimate business hospitality and all forms of gifts and hospitality that are offered during the process of bidding or tendering for contracts. Certain other forms of gift and hospitality are discouraged, for example gifts worth more than £25 and gifts and hospitality to family members. Any External Person that acts improperly may find their relationship with the TGB Group curtailed either at an individual or corporate level. Further action may be taken depending on the seriousness of the situation.
CORRESPONDENCE
Any correspondence regarding this notice should be addressed to: Toyota (GB) PLC – Lexus Division, PO Box 814, Portsmouth, PO6 9AY.
ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Lexus Customer Charter
At Lexus we are committed to providing a high level of customer satisfaction and quality products. Both Lexus Division UK and our Lexus Centre network abide by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute approved Motor Industry Codes of Practice for vehicle sales, service and repair. However, we recognise that we may not always be able to offer dispute resolutions which suit all parties involved.
The first point of contact should be the Lexus Centre you purchased your vehicle from when querying an issue with your vehicle or the service you receive. If this cannot be resolved this can then be escalated to the Centre Manager, or Managing Director of that particular group.
Should this option not provide a suitable resolution, the next option is to contact The Motor Ombudsman. The Motor Ombudsman is a provider of Alternative Dispute Resolution, offering an impartial service to resolve a compliant. They can be contacted at www.themotorombudsman.org or on 08439109000.
Our New Car Sales Commitment:
All vehicles featured in our warranty, pricing and marketing publications will be advertised honestly. The most up to date information regarding your new vehicle purchase can be obtained from your Lexus Centre.
We advise that necessary precautions are taken in order to check that the specification, appearance and dimensions of your potential purchase match your requirements. A test drive of the vehicle is highly recommended and we suggest that any specification queries are taken up with your Lexus Centre before purchase.
Our Used Car Sales Commitment:
If you are buying a used car you should check the vehicle history, check that the vehicle has all the features you need and thoroughly inspect the vehicle to ensure that you are happy with the condition.
In the event of an issue arising through the purchase of a used car, the contract of sale is through the Lexus Centre and not Lexus Division UK, therefore any issues should be taken up with the Centre Manager or, alternatively if you feel that your dispute is not resolved you can contact The Motor Ombudsman.
Other Relevant Web Links:
Advertising Standards Authority www.asa.org.uk
Citizens Advice Bureau www.citizensadvice.org.uk
Trading Standards www.tradingstandards.uk
© 2019 Toyota (GB) PLC (Lexus Division)
We use website cookies
Cookies are used to give you the best experience on our site, to deliver 3rd party services and tools, to help us understand and improve how the site works, and for advertising. We recommend that you keep all these cookies but if you don't agree you can easily change them by clicking the cookie settings option below. Full details are in our cookie policy
YES, I AGREE
NO, TAKE ME TO COOKIE SETTINGS
QUICK ACTIONS
CONFIGURE YOUR CAR
FIND A CENTRE
BOOK A TEST DRIVE
CONTACT
US
FEEDBACK & HELP
CLOSE
CLOSE