http://www.aztecdpc.org/our-mission/website-policies/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
Aztec Doberman Pinscher Club
of San Diego
The Club
Our Purpose
History
Board Members
Committees
Member Benefits
Join the Club
Getting Involved & Donating
F.A.Q.
Website Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Rescue
Currently Available
Past Rescues
Tribute and Memorial
Recently Adopted
Rescue Gallery
Aztec Calendar
All Events
AKC Events
Aztec Gatherings
Annual Awards
Specialty Show
War Dogs to Recovery
Health
Doberman Health
DNA
Food
Plants
Dobie Talk
Contact Us
Search for:
COOKIE POLICYLast updated October 24, 2019
This Cookie Policy explains how Aztec Doberman Pinshcer Club of San Diego (“Company“, “we“, “us“, and “our“) uses cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit our websites at http://www.aztecdpc.org/, (“Websites“). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.  In
some cases we may use cookies to collect personal information, or that
becomes personal information if we combine it with other information.     What are cookies?Cookies
are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device
when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in
order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well
as to provide reporting information. Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Aztec Doberman Pinshcer Club of San Diego)
are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the
website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies
enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or
through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and
analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize
your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when
it visits certain other websites. Why do we use cookies?We use first and third
party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for
technical reasons in order for our Websites to operate, and we refer to
these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies also
enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the
experience on our Online Properties. Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below. The specific types of first and third
party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform
are described below (please note that the specific cookies served may
vary depending on the specific Online Properties you visit): How can I control cookies?You
have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can
exercise your cookie rights by setting your preferences in the Cookie
Consent Manager. The Cookie Consent Manager allows you to select which
categories of cookies you accept or reject. Essential cookies cannot be
rejected as they are strictly necessary to provide you with services.  The
Cookie Consent Manager can be found in the notification banner and on
our website. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our
website though your access to some functionality and areas of our
website may be restricted. You may also set or amend your web browser
controls to accept or refuse cookies. As the means by which you can
refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from
browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more
information. In
addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of
targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information,
please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com. The
specific types of first and third party cookies served through our
Websites and the purposes they perform are described in the table below
(please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the
specific Online Properties you visit):     Essential website cookies:   These
cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available
through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to
secure areas.
Name:__tlbcpvPurpose:Used to record the cookie consent preferences of visitorsProvider:.termly.ioService:Termly
View Service Privacy Policy  Country:United StatesType:http_cookieExpires in:20 years
Name:__tltpl_#Purpose:Used to record the policies that visitors consent toProvider:.termly.ioService:Termly
View Service Privacy Policy  Country:United StatesType:http_cookieExpires in:20 years
Name:__tluidPurpose:Assigns a random ID number to each visitor so that their policy consent and cookie consent preferences can be saved.Provider:.termly.ioService:Termly
View Service Privacy Policy  Country:United StatesType:http_cookieExpires in:20 years
Name:PHPSESSID#Purpose:Used by PHP to identify a current user’s session. Its activity expires when a session is ended.Provider:www.aztecdpc.orgService:PHP
View Service Privacy Policy  Country:United StatesType:server_cookieExpires in:session
Analytics and customization cookies:
These
cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to
help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective our
marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Websites for you.
Name:NIDPurpose:Set by Google to set a unique user ID to remember user preferences. Persistent cookie that stays for 182 daysProvider:.google.comService:Google
View Service Privacy Policy  Country:United StatesType:server_cookieExpires in:6 months 3 days
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?Cookies are not the only way to
recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar
technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called
“tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”). These are tiny graphics files that
contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has
visited our Websites or opened an e-mail including them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the
traffic patterns of users from one page within a website to another, to
deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have
come to the website from an online advertisement displayed on a
third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the
success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these
technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so
declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Do you use Flash cookies or Local Shared Objects?Websites
may also use so-called “Flash Cookies” (also known as Local Shared
Objects or “LSOs”) to, among other things, collect and store information
about your use of our services, fraud prevention and for other site
operations.If
you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust
the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using
the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel . You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel   and following
the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for
example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to “information”
on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on
your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and
later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the
operator of the page you are on at the time). Please
note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of
Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash
applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in
connection with our services or online content.     Do you serve targeted advertising?Third
parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to serve
advertising through our Websites. These companies may use information
about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
relevant advertisements about goods and services that you may be
interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure
the effectiveness of advertisements. This can be accomplished by them
using cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to
this and other sites in order to provide relevant advertisements about
goods and services of potential interest to you. The information
collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify
your name, contact details or other details that directly identify you
unless you choose to provide these.    How often will you update this Cookie Policy?We may update this
Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example,
changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or
regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy
regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related
technologies.  The date at the top of this Cookie Policy indicates when it was last updated.  Where can I get further information?If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at web@aztecdpc.org or by post to:  Aztec Doberman Pinshcer Club of San Diego PO Box 711103  Santee, CA 92072 United States
Phone: (619) 354-0967
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events.
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Follow Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Facebook
Log In
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org