http://www.goldcoastskydivers.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Toggle Navigation
Home
About
About Frequently Asked Questions
Meet Our Instructors
Blog
Pricing
Reviews
Reservations
Gallery
Gallery Tandem Skydiving Videos
Contact
Contact Travel Time & Directions
Connect
Privacy Policy
At Gold Coast Skydivers, your privacy matters to us. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and any personal information you provide to us or we collect.
This privacy policy should be understood as our Terms of Use, and describes our privacy practices. We will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website and how it is collected.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to prevent the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We collect information in the following ways:
Active collection: information you directly provide to us (such as in forms, email list sign up, or any other form you fill out).
Passive collection (third party services): information which is automatically collected while you browse our site. This information is collected and stored by third parties, such as Google Analytics. The information we passively collect includes general data, such as: browser type, device screen size, device type, your browser’s language settings, and geographic location (city, country only).
We use information in the following ways:
Information you provided to us, such as in web forms or emails, is used to contact you or provide a response to an inquiry you submitted. We may also utilize this information to create a customer/client file where we will securely store information necessary for creation of an ongoing business relationship. Information we passively collected is stored separately from information you actively provided to us. We use this passively collected information to tell us how to better improve our website for visitors; this information is never tied to personally identifiable information you may provide to us in forms, emails, or other directly shared information.
We do not share any information with third parties, unless it is absolutely essential to completing a business transaction or providing a service. We do not sell your information. You reserve the right to further inquire as to any third party services we may share your information with.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by websites for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on the website. We use cookies to collect non-personal information. We do this to provide you with a better browsing experience, identify your browser preferences, diagnose technical problems, analyze trends and to improve our website. We may also use cookies to record login details on your device or computer. This helps to determine whether a particular device previously visited our website so that the login details would not have to be re-entered each time you visit our website.
You may block our use of cookies by changing your browser settings to reject all cookies. You can then clear your browser cookies to delete any cookies which may have already been established. We will respect your browser settings, and no longer utilize cookies while you browse our site.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and stored on protected and secure servers. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment and utilize a number of security measures to ensure your privacy and safety.
However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by email and you do so at your own risk.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your Personal Information, we take reasonable steps to require that they comply with this Privacy Policy and otherwise protect your Personal Information.
Updates
We may revise this privacy policy at any time. The most current version of our privacy policy will always be available here. By continuing to access and use our website, you agree to be bound by the most current privacy policy (including any posted revisions).
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Gold Coast Skydivers
650 Poydras St. #1400
New Orleans, LA 70130
1-800-796-7117
http://www.goldcoastskydivers.com
Best skydive ever!
Leann and the group at Gold Coast are top notch. This has become an annual event for our family and we wouldn't do it anywhere else. Tandem jump instructors are first class and make your jump truly memorable and a great experience. Really a fantastic experience.
Genbook Verified Customer , Jun 10, 2018
READY... JUMP!
LET'S FLY!