https://www.chateaustjean.com/en/wine-club-terms.html
Verify you are of legal drinking age.
Remember me
We use cookies to personalize content, tailor and measure ads, and provide a better browsing experience. Read our Cookie Policy to learn more or go to
Cookie Preferences page to manage your settings. We have recently updated our Privacy Policy. Review the latest version here.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Preferences
Save Preferences
Essential (Req.)
Performance
Functionality
Advertising
Elevate Your Gifting | DETAILS
Ship To
header.location.region.text
Log In
Are you sure you want to remove this item?
Cancel
Remove
You will be logged-out on changing the country.
Do you wish to continue?
Your cart will be emptied on changing the country.
Do you wish to continue?
Cancel
Yes
Wine Club Terms & Conditions
Chateau St. Jean will ship your club wine selections directly to your home or office. No bills, no fuss, we simply charge the credit card provided on your application at the time of shipping. Please note that it is your obligation to notify Chateau St. Jean of any account changes 15 days before the beginning of a shipment month. Membership is ongoing and may be cancelled with a 15 day notice after receiving your second club shipment. Chateau St. Jean requests a two shipment minimum commitment to the wine club.
Due to legal restrictions, we are only permitted to ship wine to select states. Please note that verification of age and signature is required at the time of delivery. Carriers make three attempts to deliver, after which the wine is returned to Chateau St. Jean. No wine will be delivered to a visibly intoxicated person, and any person unable to produce age verification forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. In such circumstances, the order may be held in storage at a local depot until appropriate identification is produced, or it may be shipped back to the winery. If a wine shipment is shipped back to the winery, the customer is responsible for freight charges.
Wines are subject to change due to availability. Members are responsible for all taxes, shipping or handling fees, including shipments that are refused, returned or shipped to an old address. Should your club shipment be returned for any reason, the fee to re-ship would be the full rate charged by the common carrier to Chateau St. Jean. If there has been some sort of error with delivery, we will be happy to work with you to resolve it.
privacy policy.
We will always provide you with an opportunity to unsubscribe.
SERVICE
Contact Us
Shipping FAQ
Wine Club FAQ
Account FAQ
LEGAL
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Wine Club Terms
Cookie Consent Preferences
INFORMATION
Careers
Trade
OTHER
My Account
Order History
CHATEAU ST. JEAN
Open Thurs-Mon 10:00am - 5:00pmWe will be closed on Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's Day.8555 Sonoma HighwayKenwood, CA 95452cs_chateaustjean@chateaustjean.com
Connect with us
Where is your shipment going?
We are able to ship wines to the following states:
AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, KS, MA, MD, ME, MN, MO, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NM, NV, NY, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WA, WV, WI
Ship to
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Confirm
Close
If you don't see your state listed
If you do not see your state listed, we are sorry but we are unable to deliver wine to your state at this time due to legal restrictions. If you have any further questions you can email us at cs_chateaustjean@chateaustjean.com or call 707-257-5784. Thank you!
Sign Up & Save!
Join our mailing list to receive 20% off your first online order.
Email Address
SIGN UP
By providing us with your details, you are consenting to receive marketing information from CSJ. We will deal with your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We will always provide you with an opportunity to unsubscribe.
No Thanks