http://www.akitarescue.org.uk/about/akita-rescue-welfare-trust-uk-privacy-data-protection-policy.html
Akita Rescue & Welfare UK - ARW - Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK Privacy & Data Protection Policy
in Home
Privacy Policy
Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK takes your privacy seriously and we are committed to protecting your personal information. This policy sets out how Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK uses the information that you provide us with in order to help further our work in rescuing and rehoming Akitas.
We are registered with the Information Commissions Office (www.ico.org.uk or call 0303 123 1113) (Registration Number ZA107342).
By Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK (the data controller) we mean, The Charity, Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK (registered charity number 1112054). Known informally as ARW
Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK may update this policy from time to time. This policy is effective from 24/05/2018.
ARW will store and share your data only in relation to the services that we provide. This involves sharing the data that you have provided to ARW with our national volunteer network in order to either home check you based on your application, if you are applying to adopt, or to assess an Akita that you are asking for assistance with. If you would rather ARW did not share your data for this purpose, please email info@akitarescue.org.uk and ask to have your application withdrawn and permanently deleted.
Who are ARW and what are our aims.
ARW is a completely non profit Charitable Trust run entirely by a national network of volunteers. The main aim and activity is to adopt out assessed Akitas in need to suitable, home checked adopters.
ARW provide a framework for Akita owners and adopters to share experiences and advise on breed traits, behaviours and health issues. ARW always advice that owners seek professional advice on health issues from a vet and on serious behavioural issues from a qualified behaviourist.
ARW is a non-profit organisation with no wage being taken by anyone and only minimal expenses being claimed where absolutely necessary.
We assist in the re-homing of dogs from all UK rescue organisations such as the RSPCA, the Dogs Trust, Battersea Dogs' Home and many of the County Councils' dog pounds, as well as advising them on breed traits and guidance to assess the akita temperament.
We will not sell your data to any third parties but we may sometimes share your information. Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK) do not share, sell or swap your information with other organisations to use for their own marketing.
Summary & Notes
We work nationwide all over the UK
We are a registered charity, governed by the regulations of the Charities Commission of England & Wales, and are fully accountable and open to all the people who work with us
There are many coordinators to work with you
We have a national telephone help line which costs no more than a local rate phone call
We are in contact with all the main breeders
We can set up home visits for owners
We carry out frequent dog assessments
We can manage the re-homing of rescue dogs
We offer education and advice to current and prospective owners
We are fully independent of any other body
We rely on sponsorship and donations to enable us to carry on our work
Your information
What we collect
Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust UK collects information from the public in a number of ways.
For example, we ask for contact and other information when members of the public are looking to adopt a dog, via our “Application to Adopt an Akita” form or if they are looking to relinquish their Akita via our “Re-home Your Akita” form. The information collected includes name, address, contact details and preferences about the type of Akita you wish to rehome, and lifestyle questions to determine if you are a match. You can view our adoption form here and our re-homing form here. We will only use your name, contact details, date of birth and whether you were looking to rehome an Akita for marketing purposes if you agree for us to do so. We will not use any other information from this form for information about news, fund-raising and events. The Admin team will stay in contact using the details collected to help you to find a Akita, or to keep in touch in regards to animal wellbeing and welfare as agreed as part of the rehoming process.
We also collect information if you attend one of our fundraising events (such as online auctions). We will collect information relevant to the specific course or event.
If you are a supporter or member of Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK), we will ask for information that enables us to administer your donation. This will normally include your name, contact information, such as address, email or telephone number, payment information and Gift Aid status.
Other details that we may ask for and keep on record are:
Event history – A record of events you have been invited to, attended or hosted. E.g. If you took part in a fundraising pack walk or had a stall at a show.
Communications history – To keep a record of communications between Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK) and you. E.g. This might be a record of a thank you letter send for a donation or record of a letter you may have sent to us. It could also be a copy of your “Application to Adopt” or “Re-home Your Akita” form
Donation history – A record of the donations you have given and the method that you gave them (and if you have signed a Gift Aid declaration)
Membership – If you are a member of Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK)’s Akita Angel Scheme
Relationship – Who you have a relationship with, e.g. if a husband and wife are both on our database, we want to make sure we communicate with them as they choose. We may also store information if you are a volunteer, staff or any other specific group or if you work with us on a professional basis, the name of the company that you work for and your job title.
Animal relationship – Information about an Akita that you have adopted from us, fostered, relinquished or had microchipped with us. If you have told us about other pets, we may also have this on record.
Source information – Where your contact information has come from. E.g. if you adopted an Akita or if you took part in a fundraising event.
If you believe any of the information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
From time to time we may contact you to ensure that the information you have provided us with remains accurate and up to date.
Like all organisations, we may comply with requests for the disclosure of personal information where this is required or permitted by law. This could include requests from law enforcement or tax agencies. In these circumstances, the request must be submitted in writing and in accordance with the relevant legal requirements.
Volunteers
Volunteers are essential to the work that ARW undertake. All members of ARW work for the charity on a completely voluntary basis. This is a completely non-profit making organisation with no wage being taken by anyone and only minimal expenses being claimed where absolutely necessary. We process the information provided by volunteers in order to recruit volunteers and foster carers, aid with their training as well as communicating with them so they are kept informed of all the work that ARW do and how they can get involved.
We may collect sensitive data about a volunteer to ensure they are matched with the most appropriate animal (if they are fostering an Akita) and meet any access, health, or dietary needs they have and t monitor equality and diversity.
Contacting You
Akita Rescue and Welfare Trust (UK) do not currently email supporters en masse. Email communication is done on a personal basis in response to queries or rehoming/adoption applications. If this changes in the future we will inform you how to change your consent preferences. If you no longer require to be kept updated on a situation you may request we remove you from our contact list (e.g. dog no longer needs rehoming).
Changing your consent preferences
We will undertake a review of consent after 5 years, but you can update your consent preferences at any time.
You can update by email at info@akitarescue.org.uk. You can request specific preferences not listed on our online form by contacting us via phone, email or post.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to the address above.
Marketing
Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK) do not send out marketing information by email, phone, SMS text or mail. If this changes in the future we will inform you how to change your consent preferences.
Tracking Data & Online Security
Emails
We do not currently track emails sent out so subscribing/unsubscribing is not an option. If this changes in the future we will inform you how to change your consent preferences.
Cookies and Web Privacy
We at Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK) are committed to respecting and protecting your online privacy.
This includes your need and right to know what we do with the personal information you share with us, including how the information is collected, processed, and for what purposes.
Our website (www.akitarescue.org.uk) refers to the whole of our website. By accessing this website you are consenting to the way information is collected and used, as described within this Privacy Policy. In return, Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK) gives our commitment that we will use the personal data you provide only in ways that are compatible with the following Privacy Policy.
The Collection of information
Every time you visit our website, your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. Your IP address reveals no information other than the number assigned to you. We do not use this technology to get any personal data against your knowledge or free will (for example automatically recording e-mail addresses of visitors). Nor do we use it for any purpose other than to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in the case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site and our website. A cookie is a small file which may be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual by remembering small information about your preferences.
If you want to know more about cookies, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org.uk for detailed information and guidance.
Overall, cookies help us to provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
We use the following cookies on our website: Cookie acceptance When you visit this site for the first time a message about cookies appears at the bottom of the screen. If you select ‘continue’ an acceptance cookie (cookie_accept) will be stored on your machine, otherwise the message will always appear. Once the cookie is set the message will disappear. Case study number The Case Study section of this website loads a small number of items initially and allows for more case studies to be shown by clicking a link. A cookie is set (init_case_study_limit) that simply stores the number of case studies that you have set to be visible so that you do not have to click this link to show them again in the future.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics provides anonymous statistics on website usage. Cookies are used to track the source of a visitor, their session on the website (to associate multiple page views to one visit) and whether they are a new or returning visitor. You can read more about Google Analytics here https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by Twitter and Facebook. In order to implement these buttons and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Payment Processing
All of our payment processing is secure and is handled by different companies.
Paypal
Payments and donations for bookings are handled by Paypal. Paypal will use the data they receive for payment processing only. View PayPal’s user agreement to find out how they deal with privacy and security.
JustGiving
Donations and sponsorship pages in support of Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK) are handled by JustGiving. View JustGiving’s terms and conditions and their privacy policy to find out how they deal with privacy and security.
If you agree to share your data with Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK), we will receive the details you have given to JustGiving. We will store details of those who are or have fundraised for Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK), and those who have supported them if they have agreed via JustGiving to share this information. This information is for financial records. We will only contact the fundraiser (host of the JustGiving page) directly regarding their event for support and thanks (and if they wish to receive future communications) not those that have sponsored them.
JustGiving claim Gift Aid on our behalf, so Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK)will not have a Gift Aid declaration on file for you if you have only given Gift Aid permission through this channel (and not directly with us).
If you have not agreed to share your details with Akita Rescue & Welfare Trust (UK), we will only receive the amount and message left, but no contact details.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Further information and questions
For any questions or clarification of anything detailed in the Privacy Policy, please email: info@akitarescue.org.uk