http://www.saa.org.nz/membership/privacy-statement/
JoinSAA
MemberLog-in
Menu
Home
Aircraft Building
Techniques
Frequently Asked Questions
Mentors
Tools
Shop
About SAANZ
History of the SAANZ
Chapters
Links
Sport Flying Magazine
Articles
Profile & Advertising
Subscriptions
Contact Us
Membership
Benefits
New Membership Application
Overseas Membership Application
Members Activities
Privacy Statement
SAANZ Events
HomeMembership
Privacy Statement
Benefits
New Membership Application
Overseas Membership Application
Members Activities
Privacy Statement
SAANZ Privacy Statement Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our members. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use and share information gathered about you on our website and the membership database.Information Collection and UseSport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated collects personal information when you register as a member of the association. We respect each member's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use membership information only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.Information collected for membership consists of:Name
Address,
Telephone/fax number(s),
Occupation (optional)
Email address.
Chapter membership (where applicable)
If you already own aircraft we also record:the type and status of aircraft
registration number
whether a maintenance program has been issued
The information is held on the domain name (website) saa.org.nz and in office records maintained by the administrator. The website comprises three main areas:The public area of www.saa.org.nz which is the official website of the Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated
The Members' Area of www.saa.org.nz which is accessible only by members and requires a password to enter
The membership database area of the website that is used to manage the memberships of the Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated
The following information relates to the security of the membership databaseThe database is for the sole purposes of managing the membership of the Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated. The database allows members to update their own contact information. The database is under the control of the person appointed by the council as the administrator.The information collected is also included in the Membership List, Airstrip Directory & Public Airfield Amenities booklet published annually by Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated for the use of members. You are given the option to NOT to have your information published in this booklet both at the time of joining, and at your annual membership renewal.The information we collect is:Used to notify members about events, changes and other information about the association and this web site.Never shared with other organizations for commercial or other purposes. Disclosure of information to third partiesSport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated will NOT disclose any personal information except in the following cases:When required by law that such action is necessary.
To protect and defend the rights of property of Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated
The following information relates to the website saa.org.nzLink to Other SitesAs a means of providing useful resources to our users, Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated provides links to other web sites. We are careful to choose web sites that we believe are useful and meet our high standards. However, because web sites can change so quickly, we do not guarantee the standards of any website links we provide nor do we imply endorsement. Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated does not share any of the individual personal information that you provide with the sites to which Sport Aircraft Association NZ Incorporated links, although we may share traffic data with such web sites such as how many people visit our site.Notification of ChangesIf the council makes any changes the Association's privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Statement.Access to your website account informationYou can access and change the contact information that you provided during membership registration. Simply log in with your user name and password. After logging in you can access your personal information by going to the "Members' Area" and clicking on "Personal Settings". For more help click on "How To For Members". If you have forgotten your password, enter your user name (email address) and click on "log in". You will be taken to a link to reset your password.Queries, comments or suggestionsEmail the administrator or access the Contact Us page if you need to get in touch with the Association. Please include your full name in all communications so that we can assist you with your inquiry or request.
Administrator
Adrienne Carter
PO Box 4Waipapa 0246
Phone: 021 507 009
© 2013 - 2020 SAANZ