http://www.bargeconnection.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home >>>
Privacy Policy
Our relationship with you is very important to us. We are sensitive to protecting the private information that you provide to us. We also want you to have the opportunity to receive interesting and useful information about The Barge Connection and about related products and services. Here are details on how we use the information you provide us:
Website Use and Navigation InformationEach time a user visits our website, certain use and navigation information is collected by our servers. This information is aggregate and anonymous. It gives us information such as the number, frequency and duration of visits to each web page which we use to improve the content and navigation features of our website. A third-party cookie may also be placed on your computer which will collect information about your visit to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Usage of such cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information. We may make changes to this policy periodically, which we will post here.
Voluntary Surveys We periodically survey our guests and catalog requesters for their vacation interests and related travel patterns. We encourage you to complete these surveys because: a) they provide us with information that helps us improve the types of trips we offer; and b) they help us direct specific Barge Connection messages to you that you may find most interesting. Your participation in these surveys is always voluntary.
Name, address, contact, survey and billing information
Barge Connection does not share its mailing list with other companies
Barge Connection does not share telephone numbers or e-mail addresses with other companies or organizations.
Barge Connection does not share your billing information with any other companies or organizations except to process your credit card for your Barge Connection trip payment.
RESTRICTIONS ON USAGE OF CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE:
The contents of this web page as well as all linked barge pages (including photography and text)  may not be reproduced for print, website, or any other public use without written permission from The Barge Connection for permission before any use of this copyrighted material. The contents of this web page are Copyright ©2011 by The Barge Connection, All rights reserved.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us.