http://www.usdan.com/legal
Skip to main content
Home /
Legal
Legal Information
Terms & Conditions
Your use of this website is subject to these terms and by using the website you show your agreement to such terms. If you do not accept our terms, please do not use the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Certain (hypertext) links will lead you to websites that are not under the control of Usdan. When you activate any of these links, you will leave the Usdan website and Usdan has no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of the material on any such other website. By allowing links with third party websites, Usdan does not intend to solicit business or offer any security to any person in any country, directly or indirectly.
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
The user of this site assumes all responsibility and risk for the use of this server and the internet generally. Usdan disclaims all warranties, representations or endorsements, express or implied, with regard to the content, including but not limited to the documentation and related graphics, accessed from, or via, this server or the internet, including, but not limited to, all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Usdan does not assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content on the server or other material accessible from the server. -
NO WARRANTIES
Any material on this server may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Usdan has the right to make changes and updates to any content contained within this server without prior notice. The content provided on this server is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied.
DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
Reference herein to any products, services, processes, hypertext links to third parties or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply its endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by Usdan.
Policies
Usdan cares about your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
This site contains third party links. Usdan is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Sites.
Our request camp information link asks visitors for contact information (such as their email address) and demographic information (such as age, gender). We use this data to market our services. By submitting this information you are opting in to receive communication back from Usdan about camp related products and services.
Choice/Opt Out
We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners. If you would like to be removed from our database at any point:
You can send e-mail to questions@usdan.org
You can send us an email via the Contact Us page.
You can send mail to the following postal address: 185 Colonial Springs Road, Wheatley Heights, NY 11798
You can send a fax to: 212-772-6079
You can call the following telephone number: 631-643-7900
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of the site you can contact us in the following ways:
You can send e-mail to questions@usdan.org
You can send us an email via the Contact Us page.
You can send mail to the following postal address: 185 Colonial Springs Road, Wheatley Heights, NY 11798
You can send a fax to: 212-772-6079
You can call the following telephone number: 631-643-7900
Whistleblower Policy
Usdan requires its directors, officers, employees and volunteers to observe the highest standards of business and personal ethics in the conduct of their duties and responsibilities. As employees and representatives of Usdan, we must practice honesty and integrity in fulfilling our responsibilities and must comply with all applicable laws, regulations and policies of Usdan. In this spirit, Usdan encourages its directors, officers, employees and volunteers to identify any instances in which these standards may be compromised.
This Whistleblower Policy (the “Policy”) has been established to provide a means for directors, officers, employees and volunteers of Usdan to raise good faith concerns about behavior by or within Usdan that is or appears to be illegal, fraudulent, dishonest, unethical or in violation of any adopted policy of Usdan (a “Suspected Violation”). A “Whistleblower” is the director, officer, employee or volunteer reporting such Suspected Violation pursuant to this Policy. A copy of this Policy shall be distributed to all directors, officers and employees of Usdan, and to all volunteers who provide substantial services to Usdan.
Examples of Suspected Violations that should be reported under this Policy include, but are not limited to, violations of federal, state or local law or regulations; fraudulent financial reporting or actions that may lead to such fraudulent reporting; providing false information to or withholding material information from Usdan’s auditors; destroying, altering, concealing or falsifying a document, or attempting to do so, with the intent to impair the document’s availability for use in an official proceeding; or planning, facilitating or concealing any of the above. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list but rather a guide to the types of improper behavior covered by this Policy. In addition to actions which have been taken by others that the Whistleblower believes in good faith to be subject to reporting, actions which have not been taken, and which the Whistleblower believes are required to be taken to be in compliance with laws or corporate policies adopted by Usdan, are also within the scope of this Policy.
REPORTING RESPONSIBILITY
All directors, officers, employees and volunteers are covered under this Policy and it is the responsibility of all directors, officers, employees and volunteers to comply with this Policy and to report Suspected Violations in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Policy. The individuals involved in such Suspected Violations may be directors, officers, employees, volunteers, auditors, vendors or other third parties.
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
The Executive Director (the “Compliance Officer”) is responsible for investigating and, as discussed below under Handling of Reported Violations, overseeing the resolution of all reported complaints concerning Suspected Violations.
PROCEDURE FOR REPORTING SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS
Any person may report a Suspected Violation, either in written or oral form. The complaint submitted by the Whistleblower should include whatever documentation is available to support a reasonable basis for the allegation(s) and to assist in investigating the complaint.
Complaints of Suspected Violations may be made anonymously. Anonymous complaints should be detailed to the greatest extent possible because follow up questions will not be possible, making the investigation and resolution of such complaints difficult. A Whistleblower should direct all reports, either in written or oral form, to the Compliance Officer.
If the Compliance Officer is the subject of the Suspected Violation or a Whistleblower is not comfortable reporting a complaint concerning a Suspected Violation to the Compliance Officer or is unsatisfied with the response, the Whistleblower is encouraged to instead speak with his or her supervisor or anyone in management with whom he or she is comfortable. In such case, the manager to whom such Suspected Violation is reported shall in turn report such Suspected Violation to the Compliance Officer, unless the Compliance Officer is the subject of the complaint, in which case the manager shall submit the report to the President of the Board. If the Compliance Officer is the subject of the complaint, the Board shall designate someone (such as a Board member) to act in the place of the Compliance Officer and all references to the Compliance Officer in this Policy with respect to such complaint shall be applicable to such designee. Such report shall include a statement as to whether such Suspected Violation was reported first to the Compliance Officer; if it was not, the report shall indicate why the Suspected Violation was not reported to the Compliance Officer.
Although the Whistleblower is not expected to prove the truth of the allegation(s) asserted in the complaint, she or he must demonstrate reasonable grounds for concern. No investigation will be made of unspecified wrongdoing or broad allegations. The Whistleblower is not responsible for investigating the activity or for determining fault or corrective measures.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Any investigation will be conducted in a manner that conceals and protects the Whistleblower’s identity to the greatest extent practicable given legal requirements, consistent with the need to conduct a fair and adequate investigation and take necessary corrective action.
PROCEDURE FOR HANDLING OF REPORTED VIOLATIONS
Unless the complaint is submitted anonymously or there are overriding legal or public interest concerns, the Whistleblower will be provided with an acknowledgement of receipt of his or her complaint within ten business days.
All complaints will be promptly investigated by or under the direction of the Compliance Officer, and appropriate corrective action will be taken if warranted by the investigation. The Compliance Officer may resolve any complaint without consulting others, discuss such complaint with the Board of Directors before taking action or refer the matter to a Committee of the Board of Directors for action, depending on the Compliance Officer’s determination of the seriousness or severity of the complaint. The Compliance Officer shall provide to the Board (or an Audit Committee if one exists) on at least a quarterly basis a written report identifying all complaints reported under this Policy during the preceding quarter or indicating that no such complaints were reported. The Compliance Officer is required to report to the full Board of Directors at least annually regarding such complaints. Records of all complaints shall be maintained in accordance with Usdan’s document retention policy.
Following investigation, Usdan will take appropriate remedial and disciplinary action as it deems justified by the circumstances, including, but not limited to, terminating employment, board membership or volunteer status, seeking restitution, removal from office, or criminal prosecution.
ACTING IN GOOD FAITH
Anyone filing a complaint concerning a Suspected Violation must act in good faith and have reasonable grounds for believing the information disclosed may indicate a Suspected Violation. Any allegations that prove not to be substantiated and which prove to have been made maliciously or knowing them to be false will be viewed as a serious disciplinary offense.
NO RETALIATION
No director, officer, employee or volunteer of Usdan who in good faith reports any Suspected Violation (whether reported to Usdan, its agents or its auditors or to any law enforcement officials, government or regulatory agency), or who cooperates with an investigation of a complaint (whether conducted by Usdan, its agents or its auditors or by any law enforcement officials, government or regulatory agency), shall suffer intimidation, harassment, discrimination, or other retaliation or, in the case of an employee, adverse employment consequences. Any person who retaliates against someone who has reported a Suspected Violation in good faith is subject to appropriate discipline and corrective action, up to and including termination of employment in the case of an employee. A Whistleblower’s right to protection under this Policy does not provide him or her with immunity for participating or being complicit in the Suspected Violation that is the subject of the complaint or ensuing investigations.
Any questions, concerns or suggestions regarding this Policy also should be addressed directly to the Compliance Officer.