http://www.cbrd.co.uk/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy notice
Privacy notice
Every website needs a privacy notice nowadays. Since we started using cookies, so do we. Here's ours.
What everything on this page means in simple terms
This website will place one or two small files ("cookies") on your computer so that it can track your visit and allow us to better understand how people move around the site and what they find useful.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you take the trouble to e-mail it in. This website is run by a single person who has enough on his hands writing blog posts and answering e-mails. He barely has time to post on the site's Twitter account. He isn't interested in your personal information.
Who is collecting your data?
Hello! This website (accessible at www.roads.org.uk and www.cbrd.co.uk) is run by one person, Chris Marshall, who you can read about on another page. The website is run as a hobby and for the benefit of its visitors. It does not ask for or collect personal information about its visitors. However, it does collect, and allow one other organisation to collect, small amounts of specific data to help us understand how the website is used and what people find useful.
What types of data are collected?
If you wish to post a comment below an article or blog post you will be asked for your name and e-mail address. These are optional. Your name is used to identify you when your comment is posted on the website; your e-mail address allows us to reach you if there is a problem or a follow-up query regarding your message and helps us associate comments with e-mail correspondence.
Website cookies
This website uses cookies (small files placed on your computer and retrieved on subsequent visits) to collect information. The use of cookies includes tracking visitors' movement around the site (see below) and suppressing the warning about cookies on the front page after the user has acknowledged it for the first time.
Google Analytics
We use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site, and how people find their way from one area to another. This process does not involve identification of website visitors. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Third parties
Other than the data collected by Google Analytics, your data is never shared with anyone else.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend or delete the personal information we hold about you, if there is any. Get in touch through the contact page if you wish to do this.
Changes to this privacy notice
This policy was last reviewed on 4 July 2018 and will be reviewed again in the event that our use of your data changes.
What's new
Imperfectly Odd: Hardwick RoundaboutHardwick Roundabout in Kings Lynn finally got its flyover in 2003, but it wasn't what the locals had expected. Is it the UK's most misunderstood junction?
Churchill awayLiverpool's Churchill Way flyovers were demolished earlier this year. Bryn Buck explores what's left when an elevated road suddenly goes away.
Think inside the boxYellow box junctions keep crossroads clear and traffic on the move. Not everyone understands the rules, though - do you?
Search
Search
Search
Share this page
Have you seen...
Linnyshaw Moss
The UK's widest motorway is not where you might expect to find it — in fact, it's on the unassuming M61 near Manchester. This gallery offers an overhead view of one of the UK's most unique and spacious interchanges.