https://www.ahaonline.co.uk/privacy.html
Home
News
Join the AHA
Facebook
The Club |
History
Committee
Membership
Events / Education
Code of Ethics
Members Challenge
Merchandise
Magazine - Think Afghan
Privacy |
The Breed |
Breed Standard
Owning an Afghan
Colours
Grooming
Health and Welfare
Activities |
Agility
Canicross
Lure Coursing
Racing
Rescue
Showing
Shows |
AHA 2020 Shows
AHA 2019 Shows
AHA 2018 Shows
AHA 2017 Shows
AHA Roll of Honour
AHA 2016 Shows
Stewarding
Judging
AHA Shows Archive
AHA Historic Archives |
Contact Us |
Links |
GDPR Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
1.1. The Afghan Hound Association is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy.
1.2. This Privacy Notice sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from or about you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
1.3. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation [the GDPR], the data controller is The Afghan Hound Association.
1.4. We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. Please check back regularly to see any updates or changes to this Notice.
2. Data Protection Contact
2.1. The contact details for our Secretary for any data protection queries are as follows:
2.1.1. Claire Parker - secretary@ahaonline.co.uk
2.1.2. +44 (0) 77 9566 6100
3. Data Protection Principles
We will comply with data protection law. This says that the personal information we hold about you must be:
1. Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
2. Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
3. Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
4. Accurate and kept up to date.
5. Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
6. Kept securely.
4. Particulars of processing
4.1. We process personal data about members, judges, ring stewards and competitors/exhibitors to our events. The categories of person about whom we process personal data are described in more detail in the Annex to this Privacy Notice.
5. Your rights as a data subject
5.1. The General Data Protection Regulation provides the following rights (subject to some exemptions):
5.1.1. The right to request access to the personal data that we hold about you;
5.1.2. The right to request rectification of the personal data that we hold about you;
5.1.3. The right to request erasure of the personal data that we hold about you;
5.1.4. The right to request restriction of processing about you;
5.1.5. The right to object to processing; and
5.1.6. The right to data portability.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Secretary at the details above.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) full contact details for which can be found at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
6. How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
1. Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you.
2. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
3. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
We may also use your personal information in the following situations, which are likely to be rare:
1. Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else's interests).
2. Where it is needed in the public interest [or for official purposes].
6.1 We will generally process your personal data for contractual necessity in providing membership services and events. We may also use personal information for additional relevant and related purposes where you might reasonably expect us to do so, where the benefits of doing so are not outweighed by your own interests or fundamental rights or freedoms. This may include:
6.1.1. To maintain our records and other administrative purposes, including updating your details and preferences:
6.1.2. To assist with queries, complaints and dispute resolution;
6.1.3. For communications related to membership and invitations to participate in canine market research or canine health studies:
6.1.4. To assist with upholding our club constitution and taking action in cases where there may be a breach of the Club rules or Codes of Ethics.
7. Recipients of Data
7.1. We may use service providers to help us provide you with our services. Personal data may be transferred to such service provider, who act for or on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data was originally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed.
7.2. These data processors agree to implement reasonable contractual and technical protections, to keep your data confidential, not sell your personal data to third parties and to not disclose your personal data to third parties except as may be required by law, as permitted by us or as stated in this Privacy Policy.
7.3. In appropriate circumstances we may disclose data to authorised bodies as required by law.
8. Contact details
8.1. Please contact the Secretary above if you have any questions or concerns about personal data and privacy matters.
Feel free to review our Data Retention Policy.
In addition, review the Annex that sets out the Afghan Hound Associations processing of personal data relating to members (including committee members), judges and exhibitors/competitors at our events.
2020-04-01
Postponed AGM
With regret and following all the advice of the KC and Boris, the AHA have now postponed their AGM due to be held on 18 April, cancelled the event planned for the same day including the Points of Dog assessment, and cancelled their Championship Show due to be held on 2nd of May.
2020-03-28
ONLINE CHARITY EVENT - Saturday 30th May 2020
Supporting HOUNDS FOR HEROES.
Easy to enter - pick a class - only one per dog. Send a picture - any picture, your most charming photo of your dog. This is light-hearted fun to raise money for HOUNDS FOR HEROES
2019-07-03
Racing 7th July
The new generator has been installed at the track and we're all good to go this coming Sunday 7 July. Look forward to seeing everyone, safe journeys.
Maria
2019-05-14
AHA Back To Back Open Shows
The AHA Will holding its Back to Back Open Shows on Saturday 20/7/19 at Chieveley
2019-04-11
Racing dates for 2019
All Sundays: 12.05.19, 23.06.19, 07.07.19, 25.08.19, 08.09.19, 20.10.19. For more info see the racing page
2019-03-12
AGM & KC Conformation & Movement Seminar
April 20th
after the AGM
: Come along to our KC Conformation and Movement Seminar, speaker Prof. Steve Dean, followed by a brand new “Eyes Wide Open” activity. Come and enjoy a good day – learn and have fun. Book now ! For full details click here.
Top
Home
| Privacy
| Data Retention
| Acknowledgements
| Contact Us
Website development by Byte Web Design Studio