http://www.sheppyscider.com/legal-pages/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
At Sheppy’s, we value your privacy and your right to control your data. This privacy policy details how (and why) we use the information that you chose to share with us while navigating our website.
Cookies
While browsing www.sheppyscider.com and our subdomains, you will have the option to choose to accept cookies. We use this information to ensure that our website is working correctly and is fully optimised to give our customers the best browsing experience possible.
Marketing
Unless there is something we need to tell you about an order you have placed with us, we will not contact you unless you have expressly given us permission to contact you with our marketing messages, which will cover news, competitions and special offers. Of course, if you change your mind, you can unsubscribe from receiving messages from us at any time by clicking here.
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect some limited personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing info@sheppyscider.com.
Contact Forms
By submitting a contact form enquiry you are agreeing to us retaining some information, including:
Your name, which allows us to know who has submitted the query
Your email address, which allows us to reply to you
Your mobile telephone number, in case we need to call you to discuss your query instead
The contents of your contact form, including any further personal information you may choose to share with us
We will retain this data for as long as it takes us to resolve the query, or for up to 3 years if relevant for our quality assurance and customer service purposes.
Google Analytics & Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is automatically downloaded and stored on your device by some websites you visit. The browser you use accesses the cookie when you visit the website that generated it originally, with the goal of giving you a better, personalised shopping experience and helping you navigate more easily; it will allow you to do things like log-in automatically and can remember your preferences.
You can disable cookies in your browser, through the individual Help function. By continuing to use sheppyscider.com with cookies enabled, you consent to Sheppy’s Cider using cookies to deliver you the best browsing experience we can. We review these results using Google Analytics.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
The following cookies are essential for this website to function:
PHPSESSIDThis is an essential temporary cookie used to store data about your visit and any choices you make or data you enter. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
The following cookies are used on this site subject to your consent:
cc_analyticsThis is an optional permanent cookie used to store your permanent approval preference for Google Analytics. This cookie expires after 1 year.
Google Analytics cookies ( _utma, _utmb, _utmv, _utmz)These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visit.
Read the Google Analytics privacy policy
Data Protection
If you would like to view, amend or delete any information you believe we hold about you then please contact us on 01823 461233 or email info@sheppyscider.com
Visitor Centre
Enquiries & Tour Bookings
01823 461 233
events@sheppyscider.com
Opening Times & Directions
Apple Bay Bar & Restaurant
Enquiries & Table Reservations
01823 461 233
restaurant@sheppyscider.com
General Enquiries
We're here to help
01823 461 233
info@sheppyscider.com
Three Bridges,
Bradford-on-Tone,
Taunton,
Somerset.
TA4 1ER
Trade Enquiries
Find out more
01823 461 233
sales@sheppyscider.com