https://www.edmontonskydive.com/terms-and-conditions/
BookNow
Book Now
Existing Booking
Purchase Gift Card
TrySkydiving
Tandem Skydive
Video & Pictures
Gift Certificates
Groups
Pricing
SkydiveSchool
Solo License
Contact Us& Directions
LicensedJumpers
DZ Information
OurStory
Our Story
FAQ
Top Rated
Edmonton Skydive
Edmonton Skydive
Menu
BookNow!
loading...
Terms and Conditions
Edmonton Skydive is a division of Alberta Skydive Central Ltd.
www.albertaskydivecentral.com
Created: March 1, 2019
Updated: April 1, 2019
1.0 Terminology
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions: “Customer”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.”, refers to it’s parent company, Edmonton Skydive Centre 2017 Ltd. (herein ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.) and its associates. “Site” or “website” refers to www.albertaskydivecentral.com. “Booking time” refers to the date and time of your scheduled skydive booking/reservation.
2.0 Conditions of Use
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. provides its services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or use this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
3.0 Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information, which may include your phone number, email address, name, and credit card number is governed by our Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices.
4.0 Skydiving Participation Conditions
Completing a booking and paying a deposit or full payment on this site does not provide you with express consent or the right to partake in skydive activities at ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.. At our ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. location, you must be at least 18 years of age. You may be asked to provide valid government issued photo identification at the skydive facility to verify your identity and age.
In order to participate in skydiving activities, you must be in reasonable physical condition, with men weighing no more than 235 LB and women weighing no more 200 LB (some exceptions apply for those taller than six feet). Notwithstanding these physical condition and weight limitations all customers may be evaluated by an instructor for height/weight proportion and may be refused for safety reasons depending on the outcome of the instructor’s evaluation.
You must disclose all previous and current injuries, medical conditions and medications (including over the counter drugs) prescribed and taken. If your doctor has specifically restricted or recommended that you do not participate in adventure activities, you must disclose that to ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD..
You must not consume any alcohol or drugs within a minimum of eight hours prior to your skydive. ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. operates a zero alcohol and drug tolerance policy.
Notwithstanding the above, even if all above conditions are met, ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. reserves the right to refuse service to any unruly or difficult customers for any reason in respect to general safety concerns.
5.0 Online Registration and Payment Processing
If you reserve or book a jump using this site, you will be required to pay a deposit of $50 per person. As such, you will be required to provide personal and financial details. Our site provides SSL for online payment processing.
6.0 Payment & Payment Methods
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. accepts cash, Visa, MasterCard and Interac Debit. A $50 deposit per person is required to secure a booking. Full payment must be made before anyone will be allowed to participate in any skydiving activity. Any deposit or payment paid will be deducted from the total balance owing. Payment on this site is made via a secure third-party payment processor that handles all aspects of the payment process. Any payment specific issues or disputes should be resolved directly with the payment processor.
7.0 Pricing
All prices listed on this site are in Canadian funds, unless otherwise noted, and are subject to change by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. without any notice to you. Applicable taxes, shipping and handling charges will be added, if and when applicable. ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. may change pricing options as well as change any promotional offer(s) at any time without prior notice. Promotions are in effect only for the time periods as specified on the site.
8.0 Refunds Policy
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. only offers refunds if bookings are canceled at least 72 hours prior to the booking time. Refunds will not be issued otherwise.
A change of time and/or date is permissible without penalty or loss of deposit or payment, whichever is applicable, provided the change is made 72 hours or more prior to the booking time. Deposits and/or any payment made will be credited to your account. These payments and/or credits do not expire and may be transferred to other parties.
Once you board the airplane, you will not be eligible for a refund for the skydive or any video/picture services in the event you decide not to jump.
9.0 Cancellation Policy
Minimum 72 hours notice, prior to the booking time, is required for cancellation in order to get a refund on any payment made. If cancelation or rescheduling is not confirmed at least 72 hours before booking time, you will forfeit your deposit and/or payment.
10.0 Product Descriptions
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
11.0 Gifts Certificates/Cards
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. does not accept third party gift certificates/cards.
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. only accepts ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. and Edmonton Skydive gift certificates/cards. Other than Edmonton Skydive, ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. does not accept gift certificates/cards from any other skydiving facility.
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. gift certificates are non refundable, never expire, can be transferred to another person at any time and are also redeemable at our sister company, Edmonton Skydive.
12.0 Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, video/audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD., with copyright authorship for this collection by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD., and protected by international copyright laws.
13.0 Trademarks
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.. All other trademarks not owned by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. or its subsidiaries.
14.0 Licenses And Site Access
ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD..
You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD.. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. so long as the link does not portray ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD., its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
15.0 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided by ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. on an “as is” and “as available” basis. ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. You expressly agree that your use of this site is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. does not warrant that this site, its servers, or email sent from ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. are free from viruses or other harmful components. ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
16.0 Applicable Law
By visiting www.albertaskydivecentral.com, you agree that the laws of Alberta, Canada, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and ALBERTA SKYDIVE CENTRAL LTD. or its associates.
17.0 Questio
ns and Comments
Questions and comments regarding our Terms and Conditions can be directed to jump@albertaskydivecentral.com.
Free first jump pro tips! Sign up for our newsletter:
Thanks for signing up!
Directions
Contact Us
780-884-5867
Book
Existing Booking
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Back to Top
Back to Top
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
mail
Share, Chat, Ask, Learn
Skydiving Websiteby Rook Services Inc.
© Copyright 2019 Edmonton Skydive LTD.
WordPress Image Lightbox
Special Occasion Jumps
Whether it’s a surprise birthday party, the first stop on a bachelor party, celebrating a promotion or new stage in life, mark that day with the most memorable adventure possible. Double down on the special occasion with an extremely special introduction to human flight.
Between our two Alberta skydive centers we have more facilities, infrastructure and airplanes to make an incredible group skydive event. you put together a large-scale group skydive center, come to us with your plan and we’ll give you a whole bunch of ideas to make it even better.
×
Charity Events
We’ve helped organized some of the most successful fundraising charity events in Alberta. Talk about putting the fun in fundraising. We’ve worked with Adeara Recovery, Edmonton Dream Center, Alberta Schizophrenia Society and Kids Cancer Care Foundation of Alberta, helping to raise almost $1M over the past ten years.
We have a very successful charity event model. If you’re interested in setting up a charity event please contact us.
×
Special Rates
We offer group rates for groups of jumpers starting at just three. Time to squad up, squash any of their objections for skydiving and suit up for adventure.
For groups of three or more, we do offer a $10 discount per person.
×
Organize Your Skydive Group
While we would never suggest waiting until your all of your friends are keen to go skydiving (the reality is that some of them just won’t), it is a little more special if you have some of your favourite people to experience this adventure.
Our friends, family or coworkers help to accentuate the build up, the excitement, the nervousness, the post jump buzz, basically all of the moments between the moments. While your skydive itself will be a very personal experience, having a group of your friends to experience all of the other elements makes those moments a little more fun. Convince your parents, call in that BFF favour or grab the cool guy from work, even if its only one other person to share the experience you’ll be glad you did.
If you have a large group might want to consider checking out our sister operation at Innisfail, Alberta, south of Edmonton. It’s our mega skydiving center that houses larger, faster aircraft that fly to higher jump altitudes, a bigger staff and larger facilities for that larger group.
×
Step 4: Ride to Altitude
Enjoy a scenic 20 minute ride of the prairies while we climb to 10,000 feet. During the ascent, your instructor will also review your jump and perform multiple safety checks.
×
Step 3: Gear Up
An Edmonton Skydive staff member will fit you with a tandem skydive harness, jump pants (if required/desired) and goggles. The harness is adjusted for your safety and comfort. It has four attachment points. The harness is stress tested to withstand 15,000 pounds of tensile force.
×
Step 2: Training
Tandem skydiving is very easy and requires very little training. First you’ll watch a short training video giving you an overview of your jump. Then we’ll introduce you to your tandem instructor. Your instructor will provide supplementary training by reviewing techniques in the video and practice training on the ground. This includes aircraft seating, climbing out and exit, freefall body position and landing procedures.
×
Step 1: Registration
You’ll arrive at Edmonton Skydive and check in at our front desk. You’ll register, complete paperwork, and review and select video and/or pictures packages.
×
Special Rates
Very large groups help us operate more efficiently, and because of that, we’re happy to pass along those small savings to you if you make our day awesome and let us throw you out of perfectly good airplanes! For groups 10 or larger, please contact us directly to discuss numbers, dates, special requirements and corporate rates. And don’t forget, we already do the highest skydives in Canada at industry standard rates so you’ll already be doing more than 50% more freefall than anywhere else in Alberta!
×
Promotional Assistance
We love the big groups and we’re here to help make them even bigger! If you want to make your event huge, tap into some of our resources and expertise we have available for you. Our booking system has built-in tools that easily allow you to share and promote your event on all of the most popular social media channels or via email. Our marketing department can assist in creating promotion materials such as flyers, T-shirts or specialized and targeted newsletters for big groups. And even though skydiving video or picture packages must be purchased individually, we’ll make sure we grab a bunch of fun group photos on the ground.
×
Post Jump
After your very first skydive, there’s sure to be an excessive amount of adrenaline, high fives, hugs and feel good vibes! When you’re ready, you’ll make your way back into the gear area where hop one of our staff members will help you de-gear. No doubt you’re super stoked and wondering how deep this rabbit hole goes. Be sure to ask about our second jump options, or if you know this is your new jam, then sign up for the Solo License program.
While our staff are prepping your amazing video and pictures, drop into our bar for a post jump beverage, text that special someone and tell them you’re still alive (or surprise Mom I went skydiving) and get on Instagram and Facebook and tell everyone about it! Stick around, watch some experienced skydivers land their parachutes and we’ll hang out after the jumping is done!
×
Parachuting
While freefall might entice most people to try skydiving, a surprising amount of first time jumpers enjoy the parachute ride even more than the freefall. This is one of the many hidden beauties of skydiving: it’s actually two sports in one!
After the instructor has deployed the main parachute, you’ll gradually decelerate from 200km/h to about 30km/h in about 10 seconds. As the parachute fully opens, it gets much calmer and quieter (you’ll be able to talk with your instructor now). Your body orientation has shifted from horizontal and vertical and weightiness has returned (you’ll feel suspension in your leg straps and at the shoulders). Sensory overload fades completely away, your neurological system chills out but leaves the good blissful drugs in your system. All of that combined with the zen chillness of the parachute ride, clouds and/or sunset, make if a completely different sensory experience.
After the instructor does some housekeeping (wind assessments, practice landing and navigating location), you typically have another 4000 feet of vertical descent to play and fly back to the landing area. In most cases, your instructor will hand over the controls and let you fly the parachute during a safe altitude and area. Please understand that sometimes the wind, traffic conditions or drop location are not ideal for a first time flight so we might not be able to let fly. Safety always is priority. New jumpers are often surprised at how responsive and controllable the parachutes fly. They dive, bank, roll and turn similar to an aircraft. Those g-forces are felt when we rotate and spiral.
If you’ve been flying the parachute, your tandem instructor will take over around 2000 feet and begin the landing pattern. As the pair turn in on a final approach, your instructor tell you to lift up your legs for landing, leading to a soft slide onto the ground on your butt. You’re back but you’ll never be the same!
×