http://www.midhertsdivers.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Home
Articles
Calendar
About
Contact
Learn to Dive
Log In
Privacy Policy
What are we doing with you data.
Privacy Policy
This website is brought to you by Mid Herts Sub Aqua (“Mid Herts”), an unincorporated association. All members of Mid Herts take the privacy of our website users very seriously and will use their best endeavours to safeguard the privacy of their members’ data.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the Chairman from time to time of Mid Herts is the ‘data controller’ (i.e. the person who is responsible for, and controls the processing of, your personal data).
This policy describes how Mid Herts may obtain and process your information. It may be varied from time to time by the committee of Mid Herts. A current policy will appear on our website at all times.
Personal data we may collect about you
As a club we will obtain personal data about you such as your name, address, contact details, emergency contact details, training records and diver grade. We will also in the course of club activities obtain images, video and other such data.
For example, we will obtain your personal data when you join the club, register on the web, send us feedback, post material to the site, contact us for any reason. We may also obtain sensitive personal data about you if you volunteer it during the completion of a form.
We may monitor your use of this website through the use of cookies and similar tracking devices. For example, we may monitor how many times you visit, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user’s internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually. Please see further the section on ‘Use of cookies’ below.
How we use your personal data
By being a member of Mid Herts, and by providing such information, you will be consenting to Mid Herts processing it for the purpose of the dive club. Such purposes may include collating financial records, training, publicity, advertising and marketing.
Sharing your data
Unless we specifically ask you we will not share with or disclose to other organisations your personal data.
Keeping your data secure
We will take reasonable precautions to ensure that he personal data we store is kept securely and within the control of Mid Herts. To so so we will use use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by password and username which are unique to you
we store your personal data on secure servers
the transfer of personal information, including payment details, are encrypted using SSL technology
Whilst we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data which are transferred from you or to you via the internet.
You have a responsibility to take steps to ensure that your own data is secure. That will include keeping passwords used on Mid Herts web site secure and not using passwords that can be easily guessed by third parties.
Electronic Mail
Mid Herts will endeavour to use e-mail addresses supplied to it conscientiously and with due fregard for the wishes of the owner of the address. We will from time to time send ‘group’ emails to the addresses we hold and will from time to time permit members of Mid Herts to send such emails via our website. We will seek to limit such communications to those necessary for the purposes of the club, including training, dive management, advertising, publicity and marketing. We will not knowingly pass your email address to any third party.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access our website. We use cookies on this website to:
recognise you whenever you visit this website (this speeds up your access to the site as you do not have to log on each time)
obtain information about your preferences, online movements and use of the internet
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our content, services and to help us better understand our visitor/members requirements and interests
make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
The information we obtain from our use of cookies will not usually contain your personal data. Although we may obtain information about your computer or other electronic device such as your IP address, your browser and/or other internet log information, this will not usually identify you personally. In certain circumstances we may collect personal information about you – but only where you voluntarily provide it (eg by completing an online form).
In most cases we will need your consent in order to use cookies on this website. The exception is where the cookie is essential in order for us to provide you with a service you have requested (eg to enable you to put items in your shopping basket and use our check-out process).
Consent
There is a notice on our home page which describes how we use cookies and which also provides a link to our Privacy Policy. If you use this website after this notification has been displayed to you we will assume that you consent to our use of cookies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Your rights
You have the right to request access to personal data which we may process about you. If you wish to exercise this right you should:
put your request in writing
include proof of your identity and address (eg a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill)
specify the personal data you want access to, including any account or reference numbers where applicable.
You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. If you wish to exercise this right you should:
put your request in writing
provide us with enough information to identify you (eg account number, username, registration details)
specify the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.
You also have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes If you wish to exercise this right you should:
put your request in writing (an email sent to (address) with a header that says ‘Unsubscribe’ is acceptable)
provide us with enough information to identify you (eg account number, username, registration details)
if your objection is not to direct marketing in general, but to direct marketing by a particular channel (eg email or telephone) please specify the channel you are objecting to
Our contact details
We welcome your feedback and questions. If you wish to contact us, please send an email to webmaster@midhertsdivers.com.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version which will apply each time you access this website.
Website
Privacy Policy
Feedback
About Us
About the Club
Contact Us
© 2020 Mid Herts Divers