http://www.crystalfanaticsclub.com/privacy.php
Non Member Home -
Member Home
WELCOME to
the Crystal Fanatics Club™
Take the Member Poll!
PRIVACY STATEMENT
The Crystal Fanatics Club™ ("CFC") operates the web site
accessible from the URL www.crystalfanaticsclub.com
(the "Web Site").
CFC is committed to protecting your privacy and utilizing technology that gives you the
most powerful, safe, online experience possible anywhere.
CFC does NOT gather, nor release information that you provide to the Web Site without your
express written permission.
The following discloses CFC's information gathering and dissemination practices for the
Web Site:
System Data:
CFC uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the
Web Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to
gather broad demographic information.
The Web Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. The Web Site also uses
cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you
don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Web Site.
Registration Data:
The Web Site's registration form may require users to give us contact information (like
their name and email address), unique identifiers (like your handle/log in name), and
demographic information (like your  zip code, age, etc.). The Web Site uses contact
information from the registration form to send the member information about CFC and
promotional material. The member's contact information is also used to contact you, when
necessary. Members may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below.
Links:
This site contains links to other sites. www.crystalfanaticsclub.com is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Order Forms:
The Web Site uses an order form for members to request information, products, and
services. The Web Site collects member's contact information (like their email address),
unique identifiers (like their handle/log-in name), and financial information (like their
account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send
orders, for information about CFC, and, occasionally promotional material from some of
CFC's affiliates to members to the Web Site. The member's contact information is also used
to get in touch with the member, when necessary. Members may opt-out of receiving future
mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is
used to check the member's qualifications, process orders, and bill the member for
products and services. Unique identifiers (such as handles/log-in names and passwords) are
collected from Web site members to verify the user's identity.
Surveys and Contests:
The Web Site's online surveys ask members for contact information (like their email
address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, etc). The Web Site uses
contact data from its surveys to send the member information about CFC and promotional
material from some of CFC's affiliates. The member's contact information is also used to
contact the member, when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see
the choice/opt-out section below.
CFC, and some of its affiliates, run contests on the Web Site in which we ask members for
contact information (like their email address). CFC uses contact data from its contests to
send members information about CFC and promotional material from some of our affiliates. The
member's contact information is also used to contact the member, when necessary. Members
may opt-out of receiving future mailings, but will forfeit the ability to ENTER any
contests, when doing so; see the choice/opt-out section below.
CFC Forums:
The Web Site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its
members. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes
public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information. CFC is NOT responsible for disclosures made by members on its Website.
Security:
The Web Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of
the information under our control. You may be asked during your visit (occassionally) to reenter your password. We do not, at this time, use a cookie to activate your username and password after you have left and subsequently return to the site. To flush to cookie entirely, simply close your browser application. Your security level is based on the settings in your browser software.
Children's Guidelines:
The Web Site:
1. DOES NOT collect online contact information from children without prior parental
consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to
prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental
consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child's request
and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent;
2. DOES NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information;
3. DOES NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information without
prior written consent.
Choice/Opt-Out:
In general, the Web Site provides members the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
communications from CFC and its affiliates; however, be advised that your membership could
be terminated, under certain circumstances, when doing so. If you want to remove your
information from the Web Site's database and/or not receive future communications please
either:
1. Send an email to privacy@crystalfanaticsclub.com
2. Correct/Update: If you want to change or modify any information you previously provided
to the Web Site, you may send an email to: update@crystalfanaticsclub.com
3. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with the Web Site, you can contact us by sending
an email to: privacy@crystalfanaticsclub.com
WE APPRECIATE YOUR MEMBERSHIP!
Contact Us
-
Privacy Statement
-
Terms of Service
-
Site MapCrystal Fanatics Club™
www.CrystalFanaticsClub.com
Copyright © 2020 Crystal Fanatics Club, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Use Without Consent is Strictly Prohibited