http://www.ockanickon.org/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and ConditionsEffective May 14, 2018This website is provided by Washington Crossing Council, BSA and its affiliates (collectively, “BSA”). By accessing this website (the “Site”), you are indicating your acknowledgment and acceptance of these Terms of Use (“TOU”). These Terms of Use are subject to change by BSA at any time in its discretion. This TOU constitutes a legally binding contract between the user (“you” or “your”), on the one hand, and Washington Crossing Council, suppliers, and providers, (collectively “we,” “us” or “our”), on the other hand. Please read this TOU carefully before using the Site or activating an account with us. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read this TOU, understand it and agree to be bound by its terms, conditions, and guidelines, as we may amend from time to time by posting any revised TOU on the Site. Your use of this Site after such changes are implemented constitutes your acknowledgment and acceptance of the changes. Please consult these TOU regularly.ViolationsBSA may monitor use of this Site at any and all times to determine compliance with this TOU. Please also note that if we determine you have abused or violated the letter or intent of any of these terms, conditions or guidelines, or any applicable law, we may terminate or suspend your access to the Site and all related services, initiate an investigation, remove materials from our servers, issue a warning, block any prohibited activity, and take any other responsive action. Additionally, users who violate this TOU may incur criminal and/or civil liability.User Responsibilities and Restrictions on UseYou agree that any and all billing and registration information you provide on the Site will be accurate and complete. Your provision of inaccurate or incomplete information constitutes a material breach of this TOU.Furthermore, you agree to use the Site and all related services only for lawful purposes and not to allow others to use your account for any unlawful purpose. Use of the Site in violation of these TOU or any applicable law, regulation, ordinance, or other rule imposed by any governmental authority is prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, you specifically may not:Link to this Site, including links to the home page or any other page on the Site, without our express permission.Monitor, gather or copy any Content (as defined below) on this Site by using any robot, “bot,” spider, crawler, spyware, engine, device, software, extraction tool or any other automatic device, utility or manual process of any kind.Frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark or other proprietary information (including, without limitation, any images, text or page layout).Engage in any activities through or in connection with this Site that seek to attempt to harm minors or are unlawful, offensive, obscene, threatening, harassing, and abusive or that violate any right of any third party.Attempt to circumvent the security systems of the Site in any way.Attempt to gain unauthorized access to services, materials, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any BSA server.Attempt to use the Site for any purposes other than those intended by BSA, as determined by BSA in its sole discretion.Upload or submit any data or information that contains viruses or any other computer code, corrupt files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality or disrupt any software, hardware, telecommunications, networks, servers or other equipment.Engage in any activity that interferes with a user’s access to this Site or the proper operation of this Site. You also agree that, in using this Site, you will not impersonate any person or entity.PrivacyOur use of your personal information collected on the Site is governed by the terms of the BSA Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy sets forth our sole obligations with respect to user data and privacy.Intellectual PropertyThis Site’s overall “look and feel” and the various BSA emblems, rank insignia, logos, service marks, trademarks, and other brand indicia found on the Site are the exclusive property of the Boy Scouts of America and may not be used without the express written permission of the Boy Scouts of America. All other trademarks that may appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners.Furthermore, Boy Scouts of America and/or its licensors own all right, title and interest in and to all content (and all compilations thereof) that appears on or is available through this Site and any other website owned, operated, or controlled by BSA, including without limitation all text, music, sounds, photographs, videos, images, illustrations, icons, graphics, headers, typefaces, data, inventory information, databases and software (collectively, the “Content”). The Content is protected by United States and international law. No right, title or ownership interest to any of the Content is assigned, conveyed, or otherwise transferred to you by your use of the Site. You may access and view the Content solely for personal, noncommercial purposes. Use of the Content except as expressly provided in this TOU may violate the intellectual property rights of BSA and/or its licensors.Except as set forth in this paragraph, you may not copy, distribute, display, publicly perform, transmit, or broadcast the Content or use the Content to create derivative works or compilations without prior written consent from BSA. Furthermore, you may not collect, re-purpose or reuse any data or product listings contained in the Content; sell or attempt to sell the Content; exploit the Content for your own purposes; or make derivative use of the Site or its Content. You may download, print and use pages from the Site for your own personal informational, non-commercial purposes as long as (1.) you do not distribute or republish such information in any form, including digitally, and (2.) the copied pages reflect the original Site content in its unaltered form and retain the BSA copyright notice: “© 2018 Boy Scouts of America. All Rights Reserved.” If BSA becomes aware that you are using the Content for a purpose other than your personal, non-commercial use, then BSA (and/or its licensors) may seek any and all legal remedies it might have against you.Amendments and Corrections to ContentThe Content and the functionality of the Site may be updated or changed at any time without prior notice. We do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or reliability of information appearing on the Site. The Site may contain errors and omissions relating to BSA’s programs, events, products, pricing, and/or availability. We reserve the right to correct or update errors or omissions and to change information at our discretion without prior notice. You agree not to rely on any Content created or posted by us. We also reserve the right to cancel an order for a product in the event of an error or omission in the description of such product, including incorrect pricing information, whether due to a typographical error, an error in information received from our suppliers, or otherwise. By using the Site, you agree to hold us harmless from any claims relating to errors or omission on our Site.Disclaimer of WarrantiesThis Site and all related services are provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis and with all faults, and the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you. Except for the express warranties explicitly provided herein, neither we nor our partners, providers, or local councils make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Site, the Content, any information made available through the Site, or any transactions entered into by you through the Site. To the extent permitted by law, we and our partners, providers and local councils disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, accuracy, title, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and quiet enjoyment. Neither we nor our partners, providers or local councils warrant that use of the Site or any related services will be uninterrupted; available at any time or from any location; secure or error-free; or free of viruses or other harmful components. Neither we nor our partners, providers or local councils warrant that the Site will meet your requirements or that any defects will be corrected. Furthermore, neither we nor our partners, providers or local councils make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the Site, or as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness of any information available on or through the Site.You understand and agree that your access and use of the Site is at your own risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer or system or loss or data that may result from use or downloading any Content or other material or data from the Site.No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the Site shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.Specific Documents And/Or Information Available On This Web SiteThe Washington Crossing Council, a Pennsylvania non-profit corporation, and/or its respective suppliers, make no representations about the suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published on this server for any purpose.All such documents and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind. The Washington Crossing Council, and/or its repsective suppliers, hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.In no event shall the Washington Crossing Council, and/or its respective suppliers, be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available from this server.The documents and related graphics published on this server could include technical inaccuraces or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. The Washington Crossing Council, and/or its respective suppliers, may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described herein at any time.Software, Documents and Services Available on this WebsiteIn no event shall The Washington Crossing Council, and/or its repsective suppliers, be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contact, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of software, documents, provision of or failure to provide services, or information available from this server.Links To Other SitesThe links on this server will let you leave the Washington Crossing Council web site. The linked sites are not under the control of the Washington Crossing Council and the Washington Crossing Council is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or an link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.The Washington Crossing Council is not reponsbile for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. The Washington Crossing Council is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site by the Washington Crossing Council.