https://www.bellaonline.com/misc/privacy.asp
forum | radio | shops | sweepstakes
Beauty & Self
Books & Music
Career
Computers
Education
Family
Food & Wine
Health & Fitness
Hobbies & Crafts
Home & Garden
Money
News & Politics
Relationships
Religion & Spirituality
Sports
Travel & Culture
TV & Movies
Bored? Games!
Nutrition
Postcards
Take a Quiz
Rate My Photo
Dreams
Classical Music
African American Lit
Classic Rock
English Culture
Obesity
Chocolate
P R I V A C Y   A T   B E L L A O N L I N E
BellaOnline is an editor-run site and as such, we are all very aware of and sensitive to privacy issues. We get enough spam in our own mailboxes - we don't ever want to add to that problem for anybody else!
BellaOnline never spams or sells or distributes the information we hold. In fact, even editors of topical sites cannot see their own membership lists. They only hit a SUBMIT button to send their newsletter out to all of their members. No editor ever sees the names on their membership list. No other person, internal or external, ever sees which names are on which lists, or has any access to them. You will never be spammed by anybody at all as a result of submitting information to BellaOnline.com. We keep your information very private, and will remove it immediately at your request.
BellaOnline's Anti-Spam Software
BellaOnline editors are often innundated with spam messages. We do our very best to ensure that your visitor messages get through while spam is blocked. Sometimes our anti-spam software is a bit too robust and blocks out legitimate messages. The main anti-spam database we use to filter our mail is ORDB.org. We hook our mail system into ordb.org and let them choose what mail gets through and what does not. If you get a bounceback when you try to mail us, be sure to have your ISP contact ordb to get the issue resolved. We don't control who is on or not on the ORDB list. It would be too much trouble for us to maintain our own list separately, or to manually override the ORDB settings to allow certain accounts to pass through to our system. You can always use the editor contact form - found on their bio page - to contact us directly without mail server issues.
Full BellaOnline Privacy Policy
BellaOnline and Email / Newsletters / Spam
Garden Catlogs 2021--Totally Tomatoes
Why Now is the Perfect Time to See Harvey
Harems in Art
Literary Magazine
Newsletters
FREE Ebooks
EBooks
Courses
Book Clubs
Ebook Awards
Member Login
Note: BellaOnline uses cookies to help provide a consistent user experience. Our advertisers may use cookies to help customize ads. Please contact us with any question about our cookie use.
Summertime Foods
Corn on the Cob
Sangria
Burgers on the Grill
Apple Pie
BellaOnline
|
About BellaOnline |
Privacy Policy |
Advertising |
Become an Editor |
Website copyright © 2019
Minerva WebWorks LLC. All rights reserved.