http://www.gbg-international.com/privacy
Skip to content
General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) – Guild Compliance
The Guild is required to comply with United Kingdom GDP Regulations and this Policy has been adopted by the Guild as part of its obligations. GDPR also presently complies with the provisions of EU law.
Why we hold personal data
The Guild needs to retain and process certain personal data of its Members in order to maintain a register of current and former Members as required by law, to maintain its relationship with them and to conduct Guild business and activities.
Your consent
By law, and in order that the Guild can hold and possess your personal data, you are required to give your affirmative consent to us.
We therefore require new Members to provide that consent to us as part of their membership application process, and the Guild’s Constitution, which is binding on all Members, contains provisions whereby all Members consent to the Guild’s Privacy Policy.
What is personal data
Personal data is data which is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable living individual. Personal data of Guild Members which the Guild regards as core data includes:
Your full name and title (this includes current or former military ranks, and honours and awards, where this information was originally provided by Members)
Your address (for the sending of mail to you, e.g., Despatches Magazine)
Your date of birth and nationality (for identification purposes)
Photographic images of yourself (for your Membership Logbook and for membership purposes)
Your email address(es) (to enable you to receive Weekly Updates and other communications from the Secretary, and emails from others for Guild business)
Your ‘phone number(s) (so that the Secretary and others can contact you rapidly on Guild business if required)
Your assigned Guild membership number and/or Fellowship number
Your assigned Accredited Member Badge number
Your current and past membership status
Details of moneys paid to the Guild in respect of membership fees
Year of leaving the Guild, for ex-Members
Any commercial affiliations, e.g., if you work for specific tour operators
Other personal data includes:
Biographical and other information provided by you upon becoming a Member and/or whilst you are a Member for information purposes and/or for the purposes of publishing them on the Guild’s website and other Guild publications
Information provided by you for the purposes of obtaining a quote and policy cover under the Guild’s Members’ Insurance Scheme
Personal data provided by you upon application to commence and whilst undertaking Accreditation Programme assignments and/or a Fellowship application including information published to Members as “Who is validating?” lists.
Images and voice/video recordings of you taken at Guild Events (however conducted) and which may be published for promotional or information purposes on the Guild’s website and other social media platforms and/or which are provided to or accessible to Members after the Event.
Images and voice/video recordings of you taken at or during Guild meetings (for the purposes of assisting the person responsible for producing minutes)
Personal data collected from Accreditation Programme assignments conducted in person, in writing and/or by video communications / conferencing, (for validating, review, validator training or appeal purposes).
Details of any monies paid by the Guild to you for services or goods supplied or monies reimbursed in accordance with the Constitution
Details of monies paid by you for goods supplied by the Guild to you together with any other personal data supplied by you in that connection
Any dietary or other special requirements you have provided the Guild to cater for your needs at Guild Events
Attendance records of those attending Guild Events
Details concerning complaints made against you and any Code proceedings taken in relation to you under the Guild’s Code of Conduct
We believe that this is the minimum data that we need to retain and process for Guild business purposes, and we do not expect to maintain any records of any other data beyond this.
Sharing of Data
We do not sell your personal data – such as your name and contact information – to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes and your data will not be shared with any other organisation for any purpose whatsoever without your consent except:
to our third-party service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as payment processors, hosting providers, accountants, advisors, consultants, publishers and service and support providers.
to third party service providers who perform services to the Guild and Members in connection with organising and/or holding of Guild Events
where we are required to do so by law.
where we believe it necessary to respond to claims asserted against us or, comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants), enforce or administer our agreements and terms, for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, and protect the rights, property or safety of the Guild or others.
Your content, including your name, profile picture, profile information, and certain associated activity information which is on the Guild website and other Guild social media platforms and may be viewed publicly.
Images and voice/video recordings of you taken at Guild Events and which may be published for promotional or information purposes on the Guild’s website and other social media platforms.an edited copy of the core data will reside in the Members’ area of the Guild website. It will contain name; email address; membership number; accreditation status; and broad geographic location only.
Your personal data will not otherwise be made available to or accessible by individual Members of the Guild other than to Guild Officers and Members having a need for such access for purposes of the Guild’s business and activities.
Safeguarding personal data
The security of your information is important to us. The Guild has implemented safeguards to protect the information we collect. These safeguards include:
Core data is kept under password protection, with additional copies for security and back-up purposes, with restricted access by Guild officers;
Other personal data being held in confidential files with restricted or limited access by Guild Officers and Members having a need for such access for purposes of the Guild’s business and activities; and
Destruction, deletion and anonymising of copies of personal data when no longer necessary for Guild purposes.
Access to and amending your data
You are entitled to see all of your own personal data that we hold at no cost to you. This may be done by e-mail application to the Guild Secretary, who will reply at their earliest convenience.
You are entitled to challenge your own personal data, and have it corrected, if inaccurate, at no cost to you.
Opting out
In relation to images and voice/video recordings of you taken at Guild Events and which may be published for promotional or information purposes on the Guild’s website and other social media platforms, you may opt out of your consent to future publication of the same by writing to the Guild Secretary.
How long we hold data
The Guild, as a company, is required to maintain financial records for seven years after the business year ends. Because your membership fee is a financial transaction, we will retain your full personal data for that period after you leave the Guild, in case of any challenge from HMRC or another Government body. Because of the legal requirement we cannot delete your data during that period.
Once you have ceased to be a Member for seven full business years your personal data will be removed, and the remaining data anonymised.
In relation to images and voice/video recordings of you taken at or during Guild meetings (for the purposes of assisting the person responsible for producing minutes)  and Accreditation Programme assignments conducted by video communications / conferencing (for review or appeal purposes), these recordings will usually be held for a maximum of twelve months.
Changes to this Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post the amended policies and procedures on the Guild’s website. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially change how we treat your personal information, we will endeavour to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice in the Guild website or to your email address of record, and where required by law, we will obtain your further consent to your existing consent under the terms of the Constitution or give you the opportunity to opt out of such changes.
Definitions
In this Policy:
“Guild Events” include Core Weekends, Recces, Personal Professional Development events, International events, Regional events, Virtual events,  Social events, Validation events (all as referred to on the website) and any other event organised by or on behalf of the Guild.
“Guild meetings” include meetings of Members, meetings of the Management Board and meetings of any other Guild team, committee or group involved in the management and administration of the Guild’s business and activities.
Updated July 2020
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.OK, I consent