http://www.myallegria.com/privacy
Privacy Policy | AMICA MEA
Toggle navigation
SPECIFICATIONS
DECKS
Sun Deck
Upper Deck
Main Deck
Lower Deck
DECK PLANS / LAYOUT
PHOTOS
CONTACT
Yacht Construction &bullet Management &bullet Sales &bullet Charter
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Is Important To Us
We follow the privacy practices that are described in this notice. We reserve the right to change our privacy practices and the terms of this notice at any time and without notice to you. We reserve the right to make the changes in our privacy practices and the new terms of our notice effective for all information that we may maintain.
Please contact us using the information listed at the end of this notice.
This Web Site:
Will at the user’s sole discretion, collect information that may allow us to fulfill the request(s) made upon us by the visitor through the web sites general inquiry / contact features. Submission of information to the company is regarded as your consent. Such information may include, but is not limited to, the visitors; Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Mailing Address and Interests. Submission of the web site’s inquiry or contact form and any other information the visitor may wish to submit, are not mandatory for the use of this web site.
May store user information that is submitted for the purposes of backup and product, service and support fulfillment.
Does not collect personal information for the purposes of resale and distribution.
Personal user information is not shared or distributed to third-party services. Use of third-party services is for company product, service and support awareness. In no instance is user information sold or distributed to third-party services.
Does not receive or transmit monies, funds or deposits. This web site has no means for handling any financial transactions.
May use or disclose your protected information when we are required to do so by law.
Does collect anonymous statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed. This site uses Google Analytics, Google Webmaster Tools, Google Fonts, Google Maps and Google Translate for purposes of managing the web site’s security, performance, esthetics, language presentation and its understanding of the usage of the site. Cookies that may be used by Google are neither controlled or managed by us.
Does collect site and server traffic logs inclusive of IP addresses, dates, times, browsers types and computer platform types. This information is used solely for the purposes of managing site performance, security and administration. This information is not shared, distributed or sold.
May utilize the services of third-party services (such as Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus and others). If you use their services they may know you visited this website. This site may use third-party features, plugins, modules, video streams and services for the purposes of enhancing the web site experience and the information that may be presented. We have no control over the methods and practices of these services, including the placement, if any, of cookies.
We do not engage in on-line membership, subscriptions, interactive commentary and on-line visitor engagement within this site.
May “like” or “tweet” or other such third-party social engagement to specific users and those that we feel may have expressed and interest in our company, products and services.
May utilize a mailing list service. This is a low-volume, opt-in email newsletter that allows the company to efficiently inform the customers & visitors who have expressed interest in the company’s products & services. This information is not sold to the mailing list service(s) nor is it our intent to share user information within such service(s) except for the sole and exclusive purposes of managing the mailing list information and for the sole and exclusive benefit of us and our users.
Your Rights
Upon your written and validated request, we shall remove the information about you we may have obtained through this web site. Such information shall be limited to that information we may have the means to remove, such as inquiry requests, mailing list subscriptions and removal from our managed social engagements.
Contact:
Eastwind Yachts
915 Middle River Drive, Suite 511
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33304
Email: info@eastwindyachts.com
Tel: +1 954.804.6164
Web: https://eastwindyachts.com
Web Site Terms & Conditions of Use: We make this web site information available to you, subject to the following conditions. Read More – Terms & Conditions.
AMICA MEA - Dedicated to Bringing You the Highest Level of Service
M/Y AMICA MEA
Builder: Hakvoort
Interior / Exterior:
Glade Johnson
Year: 2004 / Refit 2016
LOA: 152'0" (46.3m)
Beam: 29'4" (8.9m)
Draft: 9'2" (2.8m)
Construction: Steel / Teak decks
Max Speed: 15 kts
Staterooms: 5
Owner & Guests: 11
Crew: 9
© Copyright 2020 - All Rights Reserved
Terms of Use
Privacy
Design & Development: Gatman Media
Non- U.S. Flagged Vessels Not Available For Sale or Charter to U.S. Residents while in U.S. waters.