https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/85687470
Privacy Policy of Hamanasi.com
Hamanasi.com collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
Microsoft Advertising and Facebook Lookalike Audience
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Facebook Ads conversion tracking (Facebook pixel), Google Analytics, Google Ads conversion tracking, Yahoo Advertising conversion tracking, Wordpress Stats, AdEspresso conversion tracking and Analytics collected directly
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name; phone number
Phone contact
Personal Data: phone number
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
Google Optimize
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms
TripAdvisor widget, YouTube video widget, Vimeo video, Instagram widget and Google Maps widget
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Facebook Like button and social widgets, Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets, Twitter Tweet button and social widgets and Google+ +1 button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Managing contacts and sending messages
Mailchimp and Sendgrid
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Facebook Custom Audience
Personal Data: Cookies; email address
Facebook Remarketing and Google Ads Remarketing
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
RSS feed management
Feedburner
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Usage Data
Further information about Personal Data
Analysis and predictions based on the User’s Data (“profiling”)
The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through Hamanasi.com to create or update User profiles. This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.
User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties. To find out more about the profiling activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.
The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity. To find out more about the User's rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
Automated decision-making
Automated decision-making means that a decision which is likely to have legal effects or similarly significant effects on the User, is taken solely by technological means, without any human intervention.
Hamanasi.com may use the User's Personal Data to make decisions entirely or partially based on automated processes according to the purposes outlined in this document.
Hamanasi.com adopts automated decision-making processes as far as necessary to enter into or perform a contract between User and Owner, or on the basis of the User’s explicit consent, where such consent is required by the law.
Automated decisions are made by technological means – mostly based on algorithms subject to predefined criteria – which may also be provided by third parties.
The rationale behind the automated decision making is:
to enable or otherwise improve the decision-making process;
to grant Users fair and unbiased treatment based on consistent and uniform criteria;
to reduce the potential harm derived from human error, personal bias and the like which may potentially lead to discrimination or imbalance in the treatment of individuals etc.;
to reduce the risk of User's failure to meet their obligation under a contract.
To find out more about the purposes, the third-party services, if any, and any specific rationale for automated decisions used within Hamanasi.com, Users can check the relevant sections in this document.
Consequences of automated decision-making processes for Users and rights of Users subjected to it
As a consequence, Users subject to such processing, are entitled to exercise specific rights aimed at preventing or otherwise limiting the potential effects of the automated decisions taken.
In particular, Users have the right to:
obtain an explanation about any decision taken as a result of automated decision-making and express their point of view regarding this decision;
challenge a decision by asking the Owner to reconsider it or take a new decision on a different basis;
request and obtain from the Owner human intervention on such processing.
To learn more about the User’s rights and the means to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document relating to the rights of the User.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Hamanasi Ltd.
P.O. Box 265, Dangriga, Stann Creek, Belize
Owner contact email: info@hamanasi.com
Latest update: January 30, 2020
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy