https://www.tourbus.com.au/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Destinations
New South Wales
Sydney
Queensland
Brisbane
Western Australia
Victoria
Melbourne
Tasmania
ACT
South Australia
Northern Territory
Ski Buses
Mount Buller
Thredbo
Falls Creek
Sightseeing
Double Decker
London Double Decker
Duck
Historical
Shopping
APT
Luxury
Budget
Oz Experience
Fiji Experience
Greyhound
Contiki Tours
Australia
AAT Kings
Discover Australia
Casey Tours
Outback Spirit Tours
Integrity Coachlines
Scenic Tours
APT Australia
Australian Pinnacle Tours
Europe
BusAbout
Bus Tours of Germany
Eurolines
EU Cities
Madrid
Berlin
Barcelona
USA
Amtrak Thruway
Greyhound USA
Bolt Bus
megabus.com
US Cities
Washington DC
Niagara Falls
New York
Las Vegas
UK
megabus.com UK
UK Cities
London
Belfast
Dublin
NZ
Kiwi Experience
nakedbus
South Island
North Island
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for TourBus.com.au
The privacy of our visitors to TourBus.com.au is important to us.
At TourBus.com.au, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit TourBus.com.au.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as Bigpond or Optus), the browser you used to visit our site (IE, Safari, Chrome or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums or member areas.
We also use third party advertisements to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Melbourne tours to someone in Melbourne, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This website uses Google for advertisements and affiliate links.
About Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
For more information on cookies visit here.
Find Best Offers Here
Related Travel Destinations
Karon Beach
LA, California
Las Vegas
New York
Site Links
Privacy Policy
Travel Network
Social Profiles
Google
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Looking for Deals?