https://www.casto.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Login
Login
Corporate
Programs
Services
Travel Advisories
Bizcation
Vacations
Concierge
Groups
About
About Casto
Contact Casto
Industry News
Casto In The News
Privacy Policy
Casto Travel
Last updated: December 16, 2019
Background
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets out how Casto Travel USA LLC and its subsidiaries, related bodies corporate and franchisees worldwide, and all their brands, including, but not limited to, (collectively referred to in this document as "Casto Travel", "we" "our" or "us") protects the privacy of your personal information. Casto Travel is part of one of the world's largest travel agency groups. We need to collect, use and disclose personal information in order to perform our business functions and activities, including making and managing travel bookings on behalf of our customers. We are firmly committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal information and to maintaining various physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect personal information in our care.
By providing personal information to us (either
directly or allowing another person to do so on your behalf), you agree that
this Policy will apply to how we handle your personal information and you
consent to us collecting, using and disclosing your personal information as
detailed in this Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Policy, you must
not provide your personal information to us. If you do not provide us with your
personal information, or if you withdraw a consent that you have given under
this Policy, this may affect our ability to provide services to you or
negatively impact the services we can provide to you. For example, most travel
bookings must be made under the traveler's full name and must include contact
details and appropriate identification (e.g. passport details). We cannot make
bookings for you without that information.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679
("GDPR"), in the provision of business travel and event management
services, we will be the "data processor" for any personal
information you provide to us in connection with our relationship. The terms of
our applicable data processing agreement with each corporate client shall apply
to such data processing, and the information set out below in this Policy may
not be applicable.  However, the purpose of all our marketing activities
directed to corporate clients, we will be the data controller and this Policy
shall apply.
There may be instances where your local data protection laws impose more restrictive information handling practices than the practices set out in this Policy. Where this occurs, we will adjust our information handling practices in your jurisdiction to comply with these local data protection laws.
2. What personal information do we collect?
Personal information has the meaning given
under your local data protection law, and where GDPR applies, the meaning of
personal data given under GDPR applies. Personal information generally means information
which relates to a living individual who can be identified from that
information, or from that information and other information in a person's
possession, including any expression of opinion, whether true or not, and
whether recorded in material form or not, about an identified or reasonably identifiable
individual, and any indication of intention in respect of an individual.
Generally, the type of personal information
we collect about you is the information that is needed to facilitate your
travel arrangements and bookings and to arrange travel related services and/or
products on your behalf. For example, we may collect details such as your name,
residential/mailing address, telephone number, email address, credit/debit card
details (including card type, card number, security number and expiry date),
passport details, loyalty program / frequent flyer details, information about your
dietary requirements and health issues (if any), and other details relevant to
your travel arrangements or required by the relevant travel service provider(s)
(e.g. airlines and accommodation or tour providers). When you contact us for
other purposes, we may also collect personal information about you in relation
to those purposes. For example, we may collect your personal information so we
can contact you about a competition you have entered (e.g. if you win) or to
respond to an inquiry or feedback you have sent to us. We also collect
information that is required for use in the business activities of Casto Travel
and our related entities, including for example, financial details necessary in
order to process various transactions, video surveillance footage used for
security purposes, and other relevant personal information you may elect to
provide to us.
In some circumstances, we may collect personal information from you which may be regarded as sensitive information under your local data protection laws.  Sensitive information may include (without limitation) your racial or ethnic origin, philosophical or religious beliefs or affiliations, sexual preferences or practices, criminal record and the alleged commission of an offence, membership of political, professional or trade associations, biometric and genetic information, passwords and financial information and health information, and any personal information relating to a child under the age of 13. We will only collect sensitive information in compliance with your local data protection laws, with your consent and/or where it is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of our functions or activities (e.g. to make travel arrangements), unless we are otherwise required or authorised to do so by law.  To the extent permitted or required under your local data protection laws, you consent to us using and disclosing your sensitive information for the purpose for which it was collected, unless we subsequently receive your consent to use it for another purpose. For example, if you provide health information to us in connection with a travel insurance application you would like to make, you consent to us using and disclosing that health information in connection with arranging that travel insurance on your behalf. A further example is if you disclose your religious beliefs to us because you are interested in, for example, certain holiday packages, in which case you consent to us using and disclosing that information in connection with facilitating your request. We will not use sensitive information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, unless we subsequently receive your consent to use it for another purpose.
3. How do we collect personal information?
We will collect personal information directly from you unless it is
unreasonable or impracticable to do so. Generally, this collection will occur
when you deal with us either in person, by telephone, letter, facsimile, email,
when you visit any of our websites or when you connect with us via social media.
We may collect personal information about you when you purchase or make inquiries
about travel arrangements or other products and services; when you enter
competitions or register for promotions; when you subscribe to receive
marketing from us (e.g. e-newsletters); when you request brochures or other
information from us; or when you provide information, or use our services, on
social media. Unless you choose to do so under a pseudonym or anonymously, we
may also collect your personal information (other than sensitive information) when
you complete surveys or provide us with feedback.
In some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to
collect personal information about you from a third party. This includes where
a person makes a travel booking on your behalf which includes travel
arrangements to be used by you (e.g. a family or group booking or a travel
booking made for you by your employer). Where this occurs, we will rely on the
authority of the person making the travel booking to act on behalf of any other
traveler on the booking. By providing your personal information to us, either directly
or through a family member, employer or other agent or representative in
connection with a travel booking or related service, you will be deemed to have
consented to your personal information being collected by us and used and
disclosed in accordance with this Policy.
Where you make a travel booking on behalf of another
person (e.g. a family or group booking or a travel booking made for an
employee), you agree you have obtained the consent of the other person for Casto
Travel to collect, use and disclose the other person's personal information in
accordance with this Policy and that you have otherwise made the other person
aware of this Policy.
You should let us know immediately if you become aware that your personal information has been provided to us by another person without your consent or if you did not obtain consent before providing another person's personal information to us.
4. How do we use your personal information?
We will only process your information, where:
you have given your consent to such processing (which
you may withdraw at any time, as detailed at section 8 below);the processing is necessary to provide our services to
you;the processing is necessary for compliance with our
legal obligations; and/orthe processing is necessary for our legitimate
interests or those of any third-party recipients that receive your personal
information (as detailed in sections 5 and 6 below)
Where you contact us in relation to a
travel booking or query, the purpose for which we collect your personal
information is generally to provide you with travel advice and/or to assist you
with booking travel and/or travel related products and services. However, the
purpose for collection may differ depending on the particular circumstances as
disclosed in this Policy (e.g. collection of your personal information for the
purpose of your participation in a competition, provision of feedback, etc.).
When
we book and otherwise arrange travel-related products and services for you, we
usually act as agent of the relevant travel service providers (e.g. for a
hotel). In this case, we process your personal information as necessary so as
to provide the services you requested from us.   This usually includes collecting personal
information about you both for our internal purposes as described in this
Policy and for the travel service provider for whom we act as agent for their
internal purposes (e.g. to provide you with the booked services).  For example,
if you book a flight through us, then we use your personal information to
enable your flight to be booked and disclose it to the airline to enable the
airline to provide the flight service to you. We may therefore share your
information with our travel service providers such as hotel, airline, car
rental, or other providers, who fulfil your travel bookings. Please note that
these travel service providers also may use your personal information as
described in their respective privacy policy and may contact you as necessary
to obtain additional information about you, facilitate your travel reservation,
or provide you with your requested services. We encourage you to review the
privacy policies of any third-party travel service providers whose products you
purchase through us. We will provide you with copies of all relevant travel
service provider terms, conditions and privacy policies on request.
We act as agent for or on behalf of many thousands of travel
service providers around the world, so it is not possible for us to set out in
this Policy all of the travel service providers for whom we act or their
locations. For
more information about the disclosure of personal information to travel service
providers located overseas, please refer to the section below titled "Is
personal information transferred overseas".
If you have
any concerns regarding the transfer of your personal information to a travel
service provider, or you wish to contact us for further information, please
refer to the
"Feedback / Complaints / Contact" section below.
The purposes for which we collect personal information
further include:
providing you with services and tools you choose to
use (for example, saving travel preferences on our websites to a wish list or
saving personal information to allow for pre-population of online forms);identification of fraud or error;    regulatory reporting and compliance;    developing and improving our products and services and
those of our related entities;    servicing our relationship with you by, among other
things, creating and maintaining a customer profile to enable our brands to
service you better or presenting options on our website we think may interest
you based on your browsing and preferences;   involving you in market research, gauging customer
satisfaction and seeking feedback regarding our relationship with you and/or
the service we have provided;    to facilitate your participation in loyalty programs;
for research and analysis in relation to our business
and services, including, but not limited to, trends and preferences in sales
and travel destinations and use of our websites;    internal accounting and administration;to comply with our legal obligations and any applicable
customs/immigration requirements relating to your travel; andother purposes as authorized or required by law (e.g.
to prevent a threat to life, health or safety, or to enforce our legal rights).
Where permitted by local data protection laws, we may
use your personal information to send you targeted marketing activities
relating to our products and services (and those of third parties) that we
think may interest you, unless you have requested not to receive such
information. These may include, but are not limited to, mail outs, electronic
marketing and notifications as described below, and telephone calls). We will
only use your personal information to send electronic marketing materials to
you (including e-newsletters, email, SMS, MMS and iM) with you consent (which
consent may be express or, where permitted by local data protection laws,
inferred).
Should you no longer wish to receive promotional/marketing material from us, participate in market research or receive other types of communication from us, please refer to the "Feedback / Complaints / Contact" section below (section 13). You can unsubscribe from receiving electronic marketing materials by following the unsubscribe prompt in your email, SMS, MMS, iM or other form of electronic marketing. Please also see the "Your rights" section of this Policy to learn about your ability, at any time, to opt out or limit the use of your browsing behavior for online behavioral advertising purposes (section 8 below).
5. Is personal information disclosed to third parties?
We will only disclose
your personal information to third parties in the ways set out in this Policy
and, in particular, as set out below, and in accordance with your local data
protection laws. Note that, in this Policy, where we say "disclose",
this includes to transfer, share (including verbally and in writing), send, or
otherwise make available or accessible your personal information to another
person or entity.
Your personal information may be disclosed to
the following types of third parties:
our contractors, suppliers and service providers,
including without limitation:in each of the circumstances set
out in the section titled "How do we use and disclose your personal
information?" ;suppliers of IT based solutions
that assist us in providing products and services to you (such as any external
data hosting provider(s) we may use); publishers, printers and
distributors of marketing material; event and expo organizers;marketing, market research,
research and analysis and communications agencies; mailing houses, freight services,
courier services; andexternal business advisers (such
as lawyers, accountants, auditors and recruitment consultants); our related entities and brands;travel service providers such as travel
wholesalers, tour operators, airlines, hotels, car rental companies, transfer handlers
and other related service providers;a prospective purchaser, in connection with a
merger, acquisition, reorganisation or sale of Casto Travel, or any of our
subsidiaries, business lines, related bodies corporate and franchisees, or of
assets of Casto Travel or any such subsidiaries, business lines, or related
bodies corporate and franchisees;a person making your travel booking on your behalf,
where you are traveling on a booking made on your behalf by another person (for
example, a family member, friend or work colleague); your employer, where you are an employee of one of
our corporate, business or government clients and you are participating in an
event or traveling for work purposes;a person who can verify to us that they have a
relationship with you (e.g. a family member) where you are not contactable, the
person correctly answers our required security questions and the request is, in
our opinion, in your interest (for example, where the person is concerned for
your welfare or needs to undertake action on your behalf due to unforeseen
circumstances); as required or authorized by applicable law, and to
comply with our legal obligations;customs and immigration to comply with our legal
obligations and any applicable customs/immigration requirements relating to
your travel;government agencies and public authorities, to
comply with a valid and authorized request, including a court order or other
valid legal process; various regulatory bodies and law enforcement
officials and agencies, including to protect against fraud and for related
security purposes; andenforcement agencies where we suspect that unlawful
activity has been or may be engaged in and the personal information is a
necessary part of our investigation or reporting of the matter.
Other than the above, we will not disclose
your personal information without your consent unless we reasonably believe
that disclosure is necessary to lessen or prevent a threat to life, health or
safety of an individual or to public health or safety or for certain action to
be undertaken by an enforcement body (e.g. prevention, detection,
investigation, prosecution or punishment of criminal offences), or where such disclosure
is authorised or required by law (including applicable privacy / data
protection laws).
On
our websites, you may choose to use certain features that can be accessed
through, or for which we partner with, other entities that are not otherwise
affiliated with us. These features, which include social networking and
geo-location tools, are operated by third parties, including social networks,
and are clearly identified as such. These third parties may use or share
personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. We strongly
suggest you review the third parties’ privacy policies if you use the relevant
features.
When you engage us to book flights on your behalf, we will
provide your personal information (i.e. name, email address and/or mobile
number) to the relevant airline. This enables airlines to advise passengers of
irregular flight operations and disruptions (e.g. flight cancellations,
schedule changes) directly.
6. Is personal information transferred overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to certain overseas recipients, as set out below, which we will do in accordance with your local data protection laws.
It is possible that
information will be transferred to an overseas recipient
(other than any of our overseas related entities) located in a
jurisdiction where you will not be able to seek redress under your local data
protection laws and that does not have an equivalent level of data protection
as in your jurisdiction.  To the extent
permitted by your local data protection laws, we will not be liable for how
these overseas recipients handle, store and process your personal
information.
Casto Travel has elected to self-certify to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework administered by the US Department of Commerce ("Privacy Shield") regarding
the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the
European Union and the United Kingdom to the United States in reliance on
Privacy Shield. Casto Travel adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of
Notice, Choice, and Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity
and Purpose Limitation, Access, Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability, Sensitive
Data, The Role of the Data Protection Authorities, Self-Certification,
Verification, Human Resources Data, Obligatory Contracts for Onward Transfers;
and Dispute Resolution and Enforcement.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy
and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall
govern.
For purposes of demonstrating compliance with the Privacy Shield, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the Federal Trade Commission and the US Department of Transportation. For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield website located at: https://www.privacyshield.gov. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield self-certification list located at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
(a) Our overseas related entities
Casto Travel and its related entities operate a global business, including operations in Australia, New Zealand, Canada, United States, United Kingdom, South Africa, Hong Kong, India, China, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, Ireland, the Netherlands, Mexico, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and Finland. Your personal information may be disclosed to our overseas related entities in connection with facilitation of your travel booking and/or to enable the performance of administrative, advisory and technical services, including the storage and processing of such information.
(b) Travel service providers located overseas
In providing our services to you, it may be necessary for us to disclose personal information to relevant overseas travel service providers. We deal with many different travel service providers all over the world, so the location of a travel service provider relevant to your personal information will depend on the travel services being provided. The relevant travel service providers will in most cases receive your personal information in the country in which they will provide the services to you or in which their business or management is based.
(c) Our third party service providers located overseas
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties located
overseas for the purpose of performing services for us, including the storage
and processing of such information. Generally, we will only disclose your personal
information to these overseas recipients in connection with facilitation of
your travel booking and/or to enable the performance of administrative and
technical services by them on our behalf.
We use key service providers located in India, Indonesia, Philippines, Hong Kong, USA, United Kingdom, Spain and Australia, among other jurisdictions. We also deal with many different service providers all over the world, so it is not possible for us to set out in this Policy all of the different countries to which we may send your personal information.  However, if you have any specific questions about where or to whom your personal information will be sent, please refer to the "Feedback / Complaints / Contact" section below.
7. Security of information
Casto Travel has implemented appropriate technical and
organizational measures in order to protect the personal information it holds from
loss and misuse, and from unauthorized access, modification, disclosure and
interference. Casto Travel regularly reviews security technologies and will
strive to protect your personal information as fully as we protect our own
confidential information.  Casto Travel
is not responsible for any third party’s actions or their security controls
with respect to information that third parties may collect or process via their
websites, services or otherwise.
We will destroy or de-identify personal information once we no longer require it for our business purposes, or as required by law.
8. Your rights in relation to the personal information we collect.
If you wish to:
access, update, modify, rectify, erase, object to, or
obtain a copy of the personal information that we hold on you; orrestrict or stop us from using any of the personal
information which we hold on you, including by withdrawing any consent you have
previously given to the processing of such information; orwhere any personal information has been processed on
the basis of your consent or as necessary to perform a contract to which you
are a party, request a copy of such personal information in a suitable
machine-readable format or have that personal information transmitted by us to
another controller
you can request this by contacting us as set out in
section 13 below. You will receive acknowledgement of your request and we will
advise you of the timeframe within which you will receive your information
pack.
We endeavor to respond to such requests within a month
or less, although we reserve the right to extend this period for complex
requests.
We reserve the right to deny you access for any reason
permitted under applicable laws. Such exemptions may include national security,
corporate finance and confidential references. If we deny access or correction,
we will provide you with written reasons for such denial unless it is
unreasonable to do so and, where required by local data protection laws, will
note your request and the denial of same in our records.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a
relevant governmental authority.
Further correspondence regarding your request should
only be made in writing to the Data Protection Officer at the address set out
in section 13 below.
Please note that, if you request that we restrict or
stop using personal information we hold on you or withdraw a consent you have
previously given to the processing of such information, this may affect our ability
to provide services to you or negatively impact the services we can provide to
you. For example, most travel bookings must be made under the traveler's full
name and must include contact details and appropriate identification (e.g.
passport details). We cannot make bookings for you without that information.
You must always provide accurate information and you
agree to update it whenever necessary.  You also agree that, in the
absence of any update, we can assume that the information submitted to us is correct,
unless we subsequently become aware that it is not correct.
You can at any time tell us not to send you marketing
communications by email by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the
marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below
(section 13).
In any of the situations listed above, we may request
that you prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of
identification in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to
prevent unauthorized disclosure of personal information.
We reserve the right to charge you a reasonable administrative fee for any manifestly unfounded or excessive requests concerning your access to your personal information, and for any additional copies of the personal information you request from us.
9. Social Media Integrations
Our websites and mobile applications may use social media features
and widgets (such as "Like" and "Share" buttons/widgets) ("SM Features").  These are provided and operated by third
party companies (e.g. Facebook) and either
hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website or mobile application.  SM Features may collect information such
as the page you are visiting on our website/mobile application, your IP
address, and may set cookies to enable the SM Feature to function properly.
If you are logged into your account with the third
party company, then the third party may be able to link information about your
visit to and use of our website or mobile application to your social media
account with them. Similarly, your interactions with the SM Features may be
recorded by the third party.  In
addition, the third party company may send us information in line with their
policies, such as your name, profile picture, gender, friend lists and any
other information you have chosen to make available, and we may share
information with the third party company for the purposes of serving targeted
marketing to you via the third party social media platform.  You can manage the sharing of information and
opt out from targeted marketing via your privacy settings for the third party
social media platform.
Your interactions with these SM Features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party company providing them.  For more information about the data practices of these third party companies, and to find out more about what data is collected about you and how the third party uses such data, please refer to their privacy policy directly.
10. IP addresses
When you access
our website, use any of our mobile applications or open electronic
correspondence or communications from us, our servers may record data regarding
your device and the network you are using to connect with us, including your IP
address.  An IP address is a series of numbers which identify your
computer, and which are generally assigned when you access the internet.
Alone, IP addresses are not personal information, as any one computer or device
may be used by multiple people (i.e. it is not possible to ascertain the
identity of a user simply from the computer or device being used).
We may use IP addresses for system administration, investigation of security issues and compiling anonymized data regarding usage of our website and/or mobile applications.  We may also link IP addresses to other personal information we hold about you and use it for the purposes described above (e.g. to better tailor our marketing and advertising materials, provided you have opted in to receive electronic marketing).
11. Tracking Technologies / Cookies
When
you use our services, we and our third party service providers may collect
information from you through automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, and
web server logs. By clicking on our cookies banner, you consent to the
placement of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies in your browser and on
emails in accordance with this Policy. The information collected in this manner
includes IP address, browser characteristics, device IDs and characteristics,
operating system version, language preferences, referring URLs, and information
about the usage of our Services.
We
may use this information, for example, to ensure that the services function
properly, to determine how many users have visited certain pages or opened
messages or newsletters, or to prevent fraud. We work with analytics providers
such as Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to
collect and analyze information about use of the services and report on
activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the
use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s
practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt
out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on,
available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the services.
12. Linked Sites
Our websites may contain links to third party websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any linked third party websites you visit as their privacy policy and practices may differ from ours.
13. Feedback / Complaints / Contact
You can direct any questions or complaints about the
use or disclosure of your personal information to the contact information
below.
We will investigate all complaints promptly and diligently to address your concerns and resolve any disputes quickly. If a complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through our internal process, we agree to alternative dispute resolution procedures administered by JAMS. If you are unsatisfied with the resolution of your complaint, you may contact JAMS at: https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacyshield to open a case with them.
You may have the option to select binding dispute
resolution for the resolution of your complaint
under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. For more information on binding arbitration, see US Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield Framework: Annex I (Binding Arbitration), available at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.
If you wish to make a Subject Access Request to inform us of a change or
correction to your personal information, request a copy of the information we
collect on you, request deletion of your information or would like to restrict
the further processing of your data, please use the following link:
Link:    SAR Request
We will respond to these requests within a month of receipt.
If you have any additional inquiries, comments or complaints about this Policy or our handling of your personal information, please contact us using the details set out below:
Casto Travel2560 North First StreetSuite 150San Jose, CA 95131Telephone: +1 408 934 3848
+1 877 867 2907Email: privacy@casto.com
We will respond to any inquiries or complaints received as soon as practicable.
14. Changes to our Policy
We may amend this Policy from time to time. If we make
a change to the Policy, the revised version will be posted on our website.  It is your responsibility, and we encourage
you, to check the website from time to time in order to determine whether there
have been any changes.
Travel Advisories
Travel Links
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Press
Feedback
Jobs
About Us
Part of FCM and Signature Travel Network.© 2020 Casto Travel (CST #1008439-10).
This website uses cookies to improve your user experience. OK Review TermsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Thank you for your interest!
I will respond within 24-hours via email to your request. If you would like to connect sooner, please feel free to contact me directly at 408-553-4911.
Sincerely,
Fran Mincey - VP of Global Sales and Account Management