http://www.healey.org/home/about-healey/privacy-statement.html
Privacy Statement of the Austin-Healey Club USA
Details
Category: Club Website
The Austin-Healey Club USA has formulated this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to Internet privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.healey.org.
Identifying Users
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.
Your Information
Our website membership application form requires users to provide contact information (such as their name, mailing address and email address) and financial information (their credit card account information). We use contact information from the membership application form to add new members to our membership list. The applicant's contact information is also used to contact the member when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for club membership, products and services, only as authorized by the user, and is not shared with any other entity.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. The Austin-Healey Club USA is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and/or alteration of the information under our control. The information you provide on the membership application form is transmitted to our secure servers using SSL technology. Your financial information is stored on our servers for only a limited time, and is removed as soon as possible after the transaction that you initiated has been completed.
Contacting the Club  If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you should contact:
Austin-Healey Club USA 12456 NW McDaniel Rd Portland, Oregon 97229This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Search
About healey.org
Privacy StatementTerms of UseSite Map
Austin Healey Club USA
Back to Top