https://www.dodgeridge.com/privacy-policy/
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for how DodgeRidge.com uses and protects any information that you give Dodge Ridge when you use this website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use the information you provide only to respond to any questions, comments, or information you have requested from us directly. We will not share your personal information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We also request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used only for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. If you believe that any information we may have is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at info@dodgeridge.com or call us at (209) 965-3474. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
As you browse DodgeRidge.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.  Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with DodgeRidge.com.  The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.  You can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (209) 965-3474 or by email info@dodgeridge.com.