http://www.kingestate.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
King Estate respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. The following Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information we collect.
Privacy Policy, as of October 8, 2014
Our Privacy Policy applies when you visit the website, kingestate.com, when you make purchases from us, subscribe to our mailing lists, join our wine club, or sign up for any King Estate events.
OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal identifiable information from you when you join our mailing lists, register for our events or wine club, make reservations in our Visitor Center, or contact us for similar business purposes. This information may include any or all of the following: name, date of birth, address, email address, phone number, or credit card information. We use this information to process your requests and to keep you informed about the status of your transactions with King Estate.
We may use your contact information to notify you of changes to our website, Visitor Center updates, news regarding current wine releases, new wine releases, special offers, and events we believe will interest you. If you do not wish to receive this information, you may unsubscribe directly through the email you receive or by emailing King Estate directly at info@kingestate.com and putting ‘Unsubscribe’ in the subject line.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We may contract with other companies that reserve the right to perform certain functions or services, including processing, storing, tracking, and organizing information on our behalf. These service providers may have access to personal information to perform their functions, but are prohibited from using personal information for direct or indirect marketing purposes or for any purposes other than providing their service to us.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal identifiable information to third parties if we conclude that we are required by law or believe in good faith that access or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, its customers, or the public.
SECURITY
We consider your information to be private and use only the most secure systems available to protect it from outside parties. While we strive for the utmost confidentiality, any communication or material transmitted over the internet cannot be 100% guaranteed. All information submitted online can be collected by users without their consent. Thought we encrypt our sensitive data, such as credit cards, using secure socket layer technology (SSL), no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure as unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software malfunction, and other factors may compromise data security. You acknowledge and agree to assume the risk in your communications with us.
NOT DIRECTED TO INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE LEGAL DRINKING AGE
Though our site contains areas that are friendly and information for all ages, our Web Store is not intended for people under the legal drinking age of 21. We do not seek or knowingly collect any personal information from our about individuals under the age of 21 and we will make any and all reasonable efforts to remove their information from our databases if we become aware that we have done so.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy is subject to updates at any time. Should these updates occur, we will notify you of any material changes by changing the ‘As Of’ date listed at the beginning of the policy. By continuing to use the site, you accept those changes and all of their implications.
Before You Go!
Receive the latest news, specials and event information from King Estate.
Sign Up