https://www.indigodivers.com/privacy-policy
Indigo Divers
Address : Dr Denise Osterloh MB ChB, Cayman Clinic, 439 Crewe Road,
George Town,
Grand Cayman
Cayman Islands
30445
+1 (345) 525-3932
For a better experience on Indigo Divers - Grand cayman update your browser.
This privacy policy has last been updated on 5th June 2018.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details, and how your rights under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), and Cayman Islands Data Protection Law, are adhered to.
How we Collect your Details
We may collect contact information when you give your consent by completing any of the forms on our website, which include our Contact form, and Blog Comment section.
What we Collect
We may collect the following information:
Your name
Contact information including email address and phone number
Demographic information such as postcode
Other information relevant to enquiries made through our site
IP Address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping;
We may use the information to improve our services;
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, except for where we have legitimate interests in doing so, we may use your details to send you information related to our services/products/newsletter through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named above.
Security and Retention of Data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. For this purpose, we will not hold your personal data for any longer than is reasonable. Further, we have taken reasonable steps to protect your information against unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, damage and destruction. Nevertheless, any personal data submitted by you is at your own risk.
We will not transfer your personal details to any third party for the purpose of direct marketing without your permission. We use certain third-party service providers who may have access to your personal data so that they can provide services to us. When this occurs, we have a data protection compliant contract in place with these third parties.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better understand the users’ experience while visiting the website. Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server, to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website onto their computer’s hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors or use the cookie control system if available upon their first visit.
Measuring Website Usage (Google Analytics)
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use this website. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements.
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit
how long you spend on each page
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
Your behaviour on the website
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are. We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
Google Analytics sets the following cookies in accordance with Google’s privacy policy
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads, and downloads provided by external third-party websites, and we advise users to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the appropriate privacy policy applicable to the relevant website being used.
Social Media Usage
While we may have official profiles on social media platforms, users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page. You can find further information about some social media privacy and usage policies in the resources section below.
Website Analytics & Target Advertisement
Indigo Divers together with the third-party service providers ( like Google) uses cookies that are tenaciously placed in your browser to collect data, which include but are not limited to the operating software you use, your web browser, your location and IP address. This gives you a unique user identity on our website and also helps us improve our services and offer you personalised website experience based on your past visits and preferences. We will store the collected information of users in our database for as long as it is necessary. Additionally, Google will save the users’ data for 14 months from the date of their last session. If you want us to delete your information saved in our database, please contact us using any of the contact methods mentioned on the website.
The personal data such as name, contact details, email, billing information, etc. is not collected through cookies. However, you can manage and block the use of such cookies by simply changing the settings in your browser or by choosing third party tools like Ghostery, Skyblocker-software, Disconnect and others. However, if you do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.
We use targeted advertisements, the Advertising Reporting feature of Analytics. We also use the Remarketing feature of Google Analytics tool, as well as Adwords to optimise and display relevant advertising content based on the user’s activities on our website, other websites and search queries on the internet. The advertisements are displayed on third-party websites as well as being visible to you while browsing.
Indigo Divers makes use of either Google's interest-based advertising (Personalized Advertising), 3rd-party audience data.
Indigo Divers connects tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the AdWords advertising network.
If you would like to stop seeing such advertisements, you can opt-out using the Ads Preferences Manager.
You can also download the Google Analytics opt-out browser Add-on here.
Please note that you will continue seeing the generic ads.
The EU and the US Privacy Shield Framework
We comply with the EU and the US privacy shield principles and take full responsibility for the processing of personal data that we receive from our users, subjected to Privacy Shield Framework. The user has full right to access, delete or update his or her information shared with us and can simply do so, by writing an email to our support team. In an unavoidable situation, we may be compelled to disclose personal data to comply with lawful requests by public authorities.
Promotional Messages
If you don’t want to receive promotional materials from us, you can opt out at any time by sending an email to dive@indigodivers.com.
Transfers
We may buy or sell a company or a property. In the event that we sell a business, we may transfer some or all of your information as part of the sale, so that you continue to receive the service being provided to you or for any other business purposes.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to dive@indigodivers.com
+1 (345) 525-3932
+1 (345) 946-7279
dive@indigodivers.com