http://www.hikechilliwack.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Home
Trails
All Trails
Running Trails
Share
Hike Chilliwack on Facebook
#HikeChilliwack Photos Instagram
Chilliwack Hiking Photos in Pinterest
Hike Chilliwack on Twitter
Share Your Trip Reports
Hiker Chronicles
Blog
About
Home
Privacy
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
We take your privacy seriously. Please read this to learn about our policy regarding visitor and member privacy.
WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on the Website located at www.hikechilliwack.com, and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us. Any personal information provided to us through our website is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the British Columbia Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and other applicable legislation. Personal information includes recorded information about an identifiable individual, such as name, address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information.
You must be 19 years or older to create a www.hikechilliwack.com account.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Hike Chilliwack does not own or control, or to people that Hike Chilliwack does not directly employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect personally identifiable information when you register for a www.hikechilliwack.com account and when you use the service. We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners.
When you register with www.hikechilliwack.com, we ask for your name, address and email address. You may also be requested to provide additional information to www.hikechilliwack.com. Once you register with www.hikechilliwack.com and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. Any personal information collected via our website (e.g. web forms) is done in compliance with BC’s privacy legislation and is considered necessary for providing services offered by us. There is always an option of whether or not to provide us with personal information. Your decision not to participate in electronic service delivery activities will not impair your ability to browse our website. However, it may limit the use of certain website features. The personal information provided to us is used for the purpose for which it was collected or for a use consistent with that purpose. Collected information is tied to personally identifiable information to improve the content of the site for the user.
We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser which may include, but is not limited to your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring /exit pages, dates and times visited, www.hikechilliwack.com cookie information and the page you requested. We may store and use contact, log and other information that we collect through the website, its services, and/or third parties to create a profile of you.
We are the sole owner of the information collected on www.hikechilliwack.com. We collect information from our users at several different points on our website.
COMMUNICATIONS
Users will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals or other such information. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Users who no longer wish to receive this information may unsubscribe from receiving these communications by following the directions given in the email. If no option is available, please login to your account to change your settings or contact the customer support department.
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We will not provide your personally identifiable information to other companies or people except in the following instances:
– We have your consent to share the information;
– We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
– We have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
– We find that your actions on our Web sites violate the www.hikechilliwack.com Terms of Use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services;
In certain situations, we may need to provide personal information to our service providers in order to facilitate the operation of our website, database or marketing software. In some cases, these service providers may reside outside of Canada.
We reserve the right to reject or edit the content of submissions and user comments in order to protect individual privacy.
In the event Hike Chilliwack goes through a merger, is acquired by another company, sells a portion of its assets or undergoes some other such form of business transaction, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email or notice on our Website prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users’ personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, such will be posted pursuant to the Privacy Policy Changes section noted below.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Hike Chilliwack, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
CONTESTS
We operate and run a variety of optional contests on the Website. We use online contest entry forms to collect personal information deemed necessary for your participation in a contest. We may provide the option to you to provide permission to Hike Chilliwack to contact you in the future. Giving your permission for future contact is completely optional, and will not impact your ability to participate in a contest.
When you provide us with your personal information to enter a contest, we retain and use it in accordance with the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. Your information is only used for the purpose for which it was collected or for a use consistent with that purpose. Our purpose is to measure the success of our contests and marketing campaigns, and help us understand the characteristics and preferences of our users in order to improve the Website and our services.
We work diligently to ensure the contest entry data we receive is securely stored and may only be accessed by authorized staff and approved contest service providers. Any service provider that we engage for a given contest should comply with applicable laws for protecting personal information. Effectively safeguarding all personal information in our custody is of paramount importance to Hike Chilliwack.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personally identifiable information, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. We may use both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no security system is completely impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee that absolute security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. We cannot guarantee that information will not be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this policy. The length of information retention varies in relation to the nature of the service provided. We keep information for the length of time necessary to fulfill the purpose or purposes for which it was collected.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any changes we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we may deem appropriate. We will use information in accordance with the current privacy policy. Your continued use of this web site after any changes have been posted indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Accordingly, we urge you to review this privacy policy at the start of each use of this web site. We will also list the date of the last revision at the top of the privacy policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at adventure@hikechilliwack.com
New Hikes & Trails
Radium Lake										August 2, 2016
Flora Lake										July 20, 2016
Williams Ridge and Peak										July 18, 2016
Recent Posts
Top 9 Hiking Trails in Chilliwack For Kids (Ages 6 and 12)
Take A Summer Digital Detox in 5 Easy Steps
How To Connect with Hikers, Track Hikes, and Get Motivated with Strava
Don’t Hike Chilliwack. Nothing To See Here.
Chilliwack Hiking Trails Maps
CONTACT USWe're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
©2020 Hike Chilliwack | Privacy | Terms | Chilliwack Hiking Trails
Stir Sports & Tourism Marketing
Log in with your credentials
Forgot your details?