https://www.ecruising.travel/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
About
Contact
Contact Us for better cruising
Suite 1, Level 9, 64 Castlereagh Street,
Sydney, NSW 2000 - Australia
Toll Free: 1300 369 848
From Overseas: +61 2 9274 4000
Email: support@ecruising.travel
POSH Club
Blog
Latest Blog Posts
Published on 02 Dec 2020 by Emily My Top 5 Activities Onboard For Kids - By Senior Consultant, Kara! Read full Ecruising Post
Published on 27 Nov 2020 by Emily Airports of the World - By Groups & Destination Specialist, Brendan! Read full Ecruising Post
Published on 25 Nov 2020 by Emily EXCLUSIVE Q&A - ecruising & Celebrity's Jessica Jones on the BRAND NEW Always Included! Read full Ecruising Post
Feedback Kev the Kombi My Bookings
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At ecruising, we are committed to our clients privacy and security. We will never pass on your personal details to anybody else. We believe your private details should be kept just that, and we guarantee that when you share confidential information with us it goes no further. Although, from time to time, ecruising may provide statistical information about sales, trading patterns and information on navigation techniques to reputable third parties, this will not include any direct personal information, identifying you as our customer.
Newsletter Joiners ecruising send email newsletters to people who subscribe by including their email address in one of the "newsletter join boxes" located throughout the site. The newsletters contain the latest travel deals, news, destination information, reports from both staff and clients, and advertising material. Occasionally a limited duration, special deal is released to the market. We may send a Stop Press email to alert members of this offer. Your individual email address is not used for any other purpose and will never be supplied to a third party. Should any recipient of our newsletter wish to unsubscribe, they can do so by contacting our customer service department at support@ecruising.travel, and will not receive any further promotional material from ecruising.
Information Collected on the Site When you look at our website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address
Your top level domain (for example .com, .gov, .au.uk, etc)
The date and time of your visit to the site
The pages you accessed and the documents downloaded The previous site you have visited
The type of browser you are using
We sometimes use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our web site and other web sites. These companies may use information (not personal or contact details) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Member Profiles When you make a booking or enquiry with ecruising we need to collect certain information so that we can process it. By information we mean your name, mailing address, email address, frequent traveller numbers, meal requirements, seating preferences, etc. and so on. Individual profile and company details are not used for any other purpose and will never be supplied to a third party.
Links This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that ecruising is not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our site, to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter Sign-Up
Keep up-to-date with the latest and greatest cruise deals and promotions available
SIGN-UP
Discover the world of cruising
Tune-in to our blog where you can find all the information related to cruise travel
GO TO BLOG