http://www.medievalcookery.com/policy.html
Terms of Use
This site and its content are the property of Medieval Cookery or its content suppliers and are protected by United States and international copyright laws. The content of this website may be viewed, printed or downloaded for personal, non-commercial use only. It is not to be modified, reproduced, transmitted, published or otherwise made available in whole or in part without the prior written consent of an authorised representative of Medieval Cookery.
Please contact us about permission to reproduce recipes or other content on this site.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use information we receive from visitors to this website. Medieval Cookery is committed to protecting end-user privacy online.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Types of Information Collected
Personally identifiable information: We collect personal information such as your name or email address when you submit comments, questions or suggestions. We use the information you provide to respond to your submission and use the ideas to make site improvements.
We will not sell, rent, or share personal information with third parties.
We do not knowingly collect the personal information of those under the age of thirteen years of age.
Cookies: We use a common feature of websites known as a cookie to track aggregate information about site use. We do not store any of your personal information in cookies. A cookie is simply a small data file that the website writes to your browser. A cookie can't read any other data off your hard drive, pass on a virus, or read cookie files created by other sites. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, however, the Medieval Cookery website's functionality may be affected.
We may use one or more third party services to compile nonpersonal information regarding our user's browsing habits, such as page views, visits, unique visitors, etc.
Copyright Complaints
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us.
Home :
Recipes :
Menus :
Search :
Books :
FAQ :
Contact
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020 Medieval Cookery