http://www.cap.gov/legal-privacy-statement/
Skip to main content
Enter the criteria to search the website for:
Main Content
You Can Save Lives and Shape Lives
Your gift can help deserving cadets attend encampments, create scholarships for cadets and fund teachers and aerospace education. Donate today
Learn More
Missions for America
CAP units around the nation are actively supporting local, state and federal agencies in the fight against COVID-19. Join today and serve your community in a meaningful way.
Learn More
Global Citizens and Servant Leaders
CAP youth development programs instill a sense of volunteerism, character and leadership that pays dividends for a lifetime of community involvement.
Learn More
Lifelong Learning
The COVID-19 pandemic may alter how we learn, but it doesn't need to limit how much we learn. CAP's STEM education curriculum blends seamlessly in distance learning applications. Contact us today.
Learn More
Force for Good
CAP’s national network of volunteers' ability to serve the nation depends on your generous support. Join today or donate now to be part of the COVID-19 relief effort.
Learn More
Coronavirus Information
Learn More
I am a
I am a(n)
Choose participant type
Select one
Adult Members
Cadet
Educator
Parent
Find your local squadron
Find your local squadron
Postal Code
Donate  to support our important work
CAP Aerospace Education Launches 'Adopt-a-Classroom' Program
Civil Air Patrol’s aerospace education program is focusing even more closely on the nation's classroom with a new Adopt-a-Classroom campaign designed to connect squadrons with local  educators to help promote science, technology,...
CAP Achieves Accreditation From BBB Wise Giving Alliance
Civil Air Patrol has achieved accreditation by the BBB Wise Giving Alliance signifying it as well-run nonprofit organization deserving of donor trust, having met key standards of board oversight, finances, results reporting and fundraising appeals,&#...
Rocky Mtn. Region, Canadian Cadets Honor Fallen with HART Ceremony
The Rocky Mountain Region and the Royal Canadian Air Cadets conducted their 10th annual HART (Honoring Allies Remembering Together) ceremony Nov. 14, honoring the fallen from both the U.S. and Canada during the Remembrance Day and Veterans Day period...
Aerospace Education
Cadets
Emergency Services
National Commander's Videos
Coronavirus Information Center
Our Mission
© 2020 Civil Air Patrol. All rights reserved.
Cookie Settings
Accept All Cookies
We use cookies to enable essential services and functionality on our site, to enhance your browsing experience, to provide a better service through personalized content, and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site. To accept the use of cookies and continue on to the site, click "Accept all Cookies", or you can make changes to your cookie preferences by clicking "Cookie Settings". For more information about our use of cookies and to opt-out of cookies at any time, please refer to our website Legal & Privacy Statement.
About Your Privacy
Required Cookies
Personalization Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Social Media / Sharing Cookies
View Our Legal & Privacy Statement
We care about data privacy, which we consider to be a fundamental human right. To that end, we adopted a series of administrative and technical procedures in order to strengthen the protection of your right to personal data protection.
Required cookies are those that are used solely for the purpose of transmitting a communication and those that are absolutely necessary for a website to provide the service that a user is requesting. Examples include an authentication cookie that identifies a user for the duration of the session once that user logs in to a website or a cookie that keeps track of items placed in an e-commerce shopping cart.
Personalization cookies are those that enable a user to access a website and receive services that are catered to that user's pre-defined characteristics, such as language, browser type used to access the service, regional configuration from where the service is accessed, etc.
Analytics cookies are those that enable the monitoring and analyzing of the behavior of users of a website. The information gathered through such cookies is used for measuring the activity of the website, platform or application and for profiling the navigation of users of the website, platform or application, in order to improve the website based on that analysis.
Social Media / Sharing Cookies are third-party cookies that are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our website or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter or YouTube. The third-party cookies procedures are managed and controlled exclusively by each provider in accordance to their own privacy policies. You can disable third-party cookies in your browser settings. In order not to be tracked by social media widgets, you can log out of all social networks you are logged in prior to visiting our website.