https://www.terraceswine.com/policies
MenuClose
Estate Vineyard and Winery
Philosophy
Land
Wine
History
People
Visit
Wine Club
Contact
Mailing List
Inspiration
Trade
Policies
Purchase
Login
Cart
Philosophy
Land
Wine
History
People
Visit
Wine Club
Contact
Purchase
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. By using this website, you are agreeing to comply with and are bound by the following terms and conditions of use. With our privacy policy this governs The Terraces relationship with you in the context of this website.  The term “The Terraces” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Terms of Use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence. From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States.
Wine-Specific Conditions
Legal Requirements
You must be 21 years of age or older, to order or receive alcoholic beverages from The Terraces. Receipt of shipments containing alcoholic beverages requires the signature of a sober individual over the age of 21 years of age.  Wines purchased from The Terraces are not for resale, and are for personal consumption only.
Credit Card Charges
Orders are by credit card only. We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express.  If you would like to provide an alternate form of payment for your order, please call us at the winery 707-963-1707.
Shipping Costs
UPS is The Terraces carrier of choice. The customer is responsible for all associated shipping charges at current market rates regardless of his or her wine club membership or purchase amount. Current market rates are subject to change at any time without notice.
Shipping Wine – A Perishable Commodity
Exposure to extreme temperatures has been proven to damage wine. In an effort to maintain our standards of quality, shipping orders will be held during periods of inclement weather (periods of heat or extreme cold along the transit route).  The Terraces is not responsible for, and will not replace wine that is damaged by extreme weather conditions during shipment. When your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, responsibility for the wine becomes the responsibility of the purchaser.  Please call us if you have questions about what shipping method to use and all related costs 707-963-1707.
Minimum Purchase
No minimum purchase is required.
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy is intended to give you confidence in the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain from you when using visiting our website.
Please note that we are not responsible for any use of your personal information you provide to third-party applications or websites that may be accessed via the website. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any third-party applications or websites that you use.
Collection of personal information:
When you use our website, you may be asked for personally identifiable information such as your name, address, date of birth, email address, telephone number. By giving us such information, you will need to consent to our using it in the manner described in this policy.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by emailing us at tours@terraceswine.com.
Use of personal information:
We use personal information to allow us to process your service requests, provide access to privileged areas of the website, send out newsletters, personalize your visit to our website, and enable us to improve the products and services we offer. We may occasionally carry out market research and send you details of services and offers that we think may be of interest to you.
If you do not wish to receive such information, please e-mail tours@terraceswine.com. Alternatively, when we send you an e-mail, it will contain a provision for you to opt out of receiving any further information from us. Please note that opting out of our mailing list does not cancel your wine club membership. Wine club membership cancellation requests can be emailed directly to tours@terraceswine.com
Disclosure of personal information:
We will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless you have consented to such disclosure or where we are required to do so by law. Should you breach our terms and conditions or terms of use or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, we may disclose your information to a relevant authority. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Any disclosure of personal information will be strictly controlled and made fully in accordance with current U.S. law.
We may provide information about you to our employees and agents in order to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by The Terraces.
Cookies:
Our website may use cookies for user authentication, tracking of your preferences, promotional campaigns, tracking our audience size and traffic patterns, and in certain other cases. We may include small graphic images in our email messages and newsletters to determine whether the messages were opened and the links were viewed.
Third-party advertisers may also create and access cookies, which will be subject to their privacy policies – we accept no responsibility or liability for the use of such third parties’ cookies. If you do not wish cookies to be placed on your PC or handheld device, then they can be disabled in your web browser. The option to do so is normally found in your browser’s “security settings” section. Please note that permanently disabling cookies in your browser may hinder your use of our website as well as other website and interactive services.
Security:
All security on our website is treated seriously. Where applicable, we undertake security steps, including use of SSL technology, on our back-end systems that store customer account information and to protect data transmissions. However, this is not a guarantee that such data transmissions cannot be accessed, altered or deleted due to firewall or other security software failures.
If you have any further concerns about security, please email us at tours@terraceswine.
Policy Changes:
Changes in this policy  are subject to change. Please check our website regularly to view our most recent privacy policy.
Cart
Item(s) have been added to your cart.
Review your cart