https://www.skilouise.com/privacy-policy/
+1 (877) 956-8473
EN
FR
Search for:
SearchHoursContactGetting Here Safety Shop
Search for:
SearchThe Resort Conditions & Weather Hours Of Operation Webcams Explore Winter
About WinterSki & Snowboard Lifts / Trails / GroomingWinter Parks Mountain Stats Safety AssuranceSightseeing GondolaDaycare CentreExplore Summer
About SummerSightseeing Gondola Wildlife Interpretive CentreHiking Trails Shopping/SouvenirsSafety Assurance Contact Us Lodging & Hotels Safety & Risk Awareness
WINTER 2020/21WHAT YOU NEEDTO KNOW
DISCOVER
Tickets & Passes Lake Louise Plus CardsSeason Passes
Full Season Pass Spring Pass Online WaiverGrade 2 Pass Season Pass Charging Check Usage Winter Tickets
Single-Day Lift Tickets Sightseeing Gondola Tickets Sunny Tube Park Tickets Snowshoe Tours TicketsSummer Tickets
Summer Gondola Tickets Ride & Dine TicketsGuided Hikes Tickets Partner Passes Big 3 IKONMountain Collective Rocky Mountain Passport Super Pass Other Products
Ski & Snowboard Tuning & Repairs Storage Lockers VIP Parking Pass Gift Cards RetailDaycare Centre Avalanche Skills Training
BUY TICKETS ONLINEQUICKLY REDEEM THEMAT ANY TICKET WINDOW
DISCOVER
Rentals & Lessons Rentals
View Rentals Ski Rentals Snowboard Rentals Clothing Rentals Ski & Snowboard Lessons
View LessonsAdult Lessons Kids Lessons Ski Tips Never Ever Days Instructor Training
BOW VALLEY KIDSSKI & SNOWOARDPROGRAMS
REGISTER
2020/21 SEASON
Dining & Activities Dining & Après
View Dining & Après Base Area Dining On-Mountain Dining Takeout & Deliveries Activities Winter Fun Summer Fun Events Shopping
Online StoreSports Boutique Experience Lake Louise Groups & Weddings Other Activities & Tours
YOUR TICKETTO WINTERADVENTURE
Discover
News & More
News & Media Information Latest News Media Information Newsletter Newsletter Unsubscribe Photo & Video GalleriesLong-Range PlanCareers & Employment Volunteer ProgramTestimonials Partners Privacy Policy
NEW FOR THE2020/21 SEASON
Discover
LATEST NEWS
HoursContactGetting HereBuy Tickets/Passes
Buy Tickets/Passes
Canada's Natural PlaygroundPrivacy Policy
Conditions
Webcams
Trail Maps Lake Louise
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Lake Louise Ski Resort. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.skilouise.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by The Lake Louise Ski Resort.Personal identification informationWe may collect personally identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and credit card information. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Date of BirthCertain types of membership products purchased from The Lake Louise Ski Resort (i.e. Louise Plus Card and Season Pass) ask that you provide your Date Of Birth (DOB), which we use as follows:DOB allows us to automatically calculate your age, ensuring that you receive the correct product type based on your age as of the date of eligibility. (Seniors, for example receive a discounted season pass if they turn 65 anytime before 1-January of the current season, even though they may be 64 at the time the product is purchased. Similarly, youth and student passes are available to individuals who meet the age requirements as of opening day, regardless of the date during the season that the product is purchased.)DOB is used along with First Name, Last Name and Address information to associate orders placed by different systems (i.e. Season Pass, Direct-to-Lift and Louise Plus Card).  This ensures that entitlements to rewards like free days on Louise Plus Cards are accumulated correctly, in particular for customers who may upgrade / downgrade between products in disparate systems throughout the ski season.When you scan your Louise Plus Card through one of our automated ticketing kiosks, you will be prompted to confirm the date of birth on each Louise Plus Card you scan.  Because you are entitled to receive a limited number of lift tickets at no cost through these systems and receive discounts on tickets at other times, we use DOB to confirm that the ticket being dispensed is actually yours.Customers who participate in our Direct-to-Lift (DTL) program skip the ticket lineups and proceed direct to the lift each day.  Using your DOB, we calculate your age, charge your Credit Card for the appropriate lift ticket automatically and e-mail you a copy of the transaction receipt.Please understand that providing your DOB is voluntary.  We respect that some customers aren't comfortable or willing to provide this information, and we're pleased to accommodate you.  If for any reason you wish not to provide this information, please see one of our Guest Services staff who would be pleased to assist.  Please note however that products sold and/or activated without a DOB will not be able to use Automated Ticket Kiosks or participate in our DTL program.Web browser cookiesOur Site uses "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.What is a cookie?Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org.Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that advertisements you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.The cookies used on our Sites and/or Services have been categorized based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide. A list of all the cookies used on our Sites and/or Services by category is set out below.Performance CookiesLake Louise Ski Resort collects cookies on our Sites and/or Services to capture information about page visits (e.g. “performance cookies.”) This information is anonymous and Lake Louise Ski Resort uses this information only internally – to deliver the most effective content to our visitors. Information from the cookie is used to gauge page popularity, analyze traffic patterns on our Sites and/or Services and guide development of other improvements to our Sites and/or Services.Targeting, Performance, and Functionality CookiesIn our email programs, Lake Louise Ski Resort employs some tracking methods (e.g. “targeting, performance, and functionality cookies”). We track “opens” via a tracking pixel in the email- meaning we track who opens our e-mail messages and when you open our e-mail messages; and we track “clicks” via encoded URLs-meaning we track whether you click on the links contained in our e-mail messages. This information is used internally only to help us deliver relevant messaging, and is not shared with any third parties.Functionality and Necessary CookiesLake Louise Ski Resort does not require that you accept cookies and/or you may withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser’s privacy settings, however, some functionality on our Sites (e.g. “functionality cookies”), our product or service check-out process, and Services may be disabled if you decline to accept cookies ( e.g. “necessary cookies”).Opting Out of CookiesYou can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also change your cookie settings through preference options in our Sites and/or Services, where applicable. We will indicate that upon selecting your preferences, that we will use a cookie to remember your preferences.Lake Louise Ski Resort never gives away information about our users. If you choose to provide Personal Information about yourself, Lake Louise Ski Resort will use this information only to communicate directly with you. Lake Louise Ski Resort will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose that information to third parties unless such disclosure is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Policy, by law or a policy or notice contained or associated with a specific Site(s) and/or Service(s).Analytics ToolsWe use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our online Sites and/or Services. These tools and technologies collect and analyze certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information.The third party analytics companies who collect information on our Sites and/or Services and other online products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, and Restrictions.How we use collected informationThe Lake Louise Ski Resort. collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.To improve our Site We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer service Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.To process transactions We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.To send periodic emails The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.AdvertisingAds appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Wildlife Cameras - Data Collection and UseIn an ongoing effort to monitor wildlife & human activity in the Whitehorn Wildlife Corridor and Hidden Lake Bowl, motion activated wildlife cameras have been installed in and around the Lake Louise Ski Resort. Images of people collected by these cameras may be used to generate non-personal data as relevant for research purposes (ie. group size, activity, etc). All images of people will be deleted unless evidence of an illegal activity is present. No images of people will be shared, displayed or used in communication materials. This study will be on-going until January 3, 2020.Changes to this privacy policyThe Lake Louise Ski Resort. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:The Lake Louise Ski Resort. 1 Whitehorn Road Lake Louise Alberta, Canada T0L 1E0 1-877-956-8473info@skilouise.comThis document was last updated on February 8, 2019.