http://www.nothingbutpets.com/policies/terms-of-service
Skip to content
Close menu
Home
Collars
Needlepoint Collars
Nylon Collars
Waterproof Collars
Beaded Collars
Flea and Tick Collars
Leashes
Climbing Rope Leashes
Beaded Leashes
Health
Dog Health
Allergy Support
Anxiety
CBD and Hemp
Eye and Ear Care
Pain Relief
Skin and Coat
Cat Health
Eye and Ear Care
Skin and Coat
Food & Treats
Dog Food & Treats
Dry Food
Wet Food
Treats
Cat Food & Treats
Dry Food
Wet Food
Treats
About
Contact
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Cart
Close cart
About
Contact
Instagram
Facebook
Free shipping
On all orders over $50
Terms of service
Nothing But Pet Terms of Service (“Agreement”)
This Agreement was last modified on March 20th, 2016.
Please read these Terms of Service (“Agreement”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using www.nothingbutpet.com (“the Site”) operated by Nothing But Pet (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the site at www.nothingbutpet.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, buying products or services, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
Nothing But Pet and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Nothing But Pet and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Grant of Limited License
Subject to your agreement to, and full compliance with, the terms and provisions of this Agreement, Nothing But Pet hereby grants to Licensee a limited, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right (the “License”) during the Term, as defined below, to use Nothing But Pet in accordance with the instructions provided in the manual or on the packaging of Nothing But Pet.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, in no event shall Nothing But Pet and its related, affiliated and subsidiary companies, be liable to you for damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use of the information herein.
Intended Audience
You must be eighteen (18) years of age or older to use this website, or provide any information through this website, for any purpose, including seeking information or services. This web site is published for some, but not all residents of the United States of America.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Nothing But Pet. Nothing But Pet has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of North Carolina, USA, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site.
Terms of Service
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Legal Notice and Disclaimer
THE MATERIALS AND INFORMATION IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. Nothing But Pet and its related affiliated and subsidiary companies, disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of any opinions, advice, services or other information provided. All information contained on any page is distributed with the understanding that the authors, publishers and distributors are not rendering legal, accounting or other professional advice or opinions on specific facts or matters, and accordingly assume no liability whatsoever in connection with its use. Nothing But Pet assumes that you are submitting accurate information on your own behalf, and is not responsible for information you have submitted for or on behalf of someone else, with or without this party’s consent.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
www.nothingbutpet.com 2020 Rosecrest Drive Greensboro, NC 27408 info@nothingbutpet.com
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"