https://www.singha.com/policy
Privacy Policy
Website Usage Terms and Conditions (Terms of Usage)
Singha Website is operated under Boonrawd Trading Company Limited.
By using this website, you agree to comply with terms, conditions, and notices specified herein.
Copyright and Information Usage
Boonrawd Trading Co., Ltd. (Company) solely owns copyrights and intellectual property rights to all information
appeared on Singha Website. All information is protected by law. You are allowed to access to this website, make copy, download,
or print out information from this website for personal uses or educational purposes only, but you are prohibited from using website
for commercial purposes, or converting it for other uses, either to make publications, videos, or websites, regardless of any form,
as well as prohibited from using information from this website to compete in any way with Company.
You agree not to interfere or attempt to interfere in any way with administration of Singha Website. Company reserves the right
to limit or suspend your access to this website at any time, either in whole or in part, without prior notice. The suspension does
not constitute to a waiver of any right or measure Company has under the law. Information appeared in this website is for general
information only. The information contained in this website may not be correct, complete or consistent with the up-to-date facts.
The Company reserves the right to update or change contents in this website at any time without prior notice.
Trademark
"SINGHA" Trademark and its product names, service names, or logos, or others belong to affiliates of Boonrawd Trading Co., Ltd.
that are introduced, claimed and/or mentioned in this website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Boonrawd Trading Co., Ltd.
or its affiliates. Company does not permit or approve for the use of such information and copyrights, trademarks, symbols,
service marks, and trade names without prior written notice from Company or complying with terms and conditions prescribed herein.
Connection to Other Websites
This website may contain hyperlinks to third party websites. You are advisable to check the terms of use and use such websites
carefully. Company is not responsible for any message and content that are created and published by those third parties.
The connection to other websites shall not be construed that Company verifies such websites or contents therein.
Product and Service Distribution
Products and services displayed in this website may not be intended for distribution in your country or locality.
Making reference to products and services in this website does not imply or guarantee that there will be a distribution of
such products or services at any time in your area of living. You should check with your local representatives who are
authorized by Boonrawd Trading Co., Ltd. about the sale of specific products and services in your area.
Collection and Protection of Personal Information
Company may collect data during your normal use of this this website for purposes of monitoring and further development
of this website. Such data collection will not include any personal information, which is able to identify each user.
Company may use your personal information according to purposes specified in terms and conditions herein, or for other
purposes notified during data collection, or having received your approval thereafter. Company will maintain your personal
information as long as it deems necessary to fulfill such purposes.
Disclosure and Sharing of Personal Information
Company will not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties, except if such disclosure is permitted or
required by law, imposed, or prescribed by law or legal procedure, or is disclosed to authorities, state officials, or
competent agencies in compliance with legal orders or requests.
Company may share your personal information with affiliates, and service providers of Company and its affiliates, or
service providers designated by Companies to provide services to you on behalf of Company. Those service providers will
not disclose your information, unless it is in accordance with the abovementioned terms and conditions or in compliance
with law only. Company reserves the right to transfer personal information to third parties, in the event that there is
a selling or transfer of company or company assets.
Cookie Policy
The Website will make use of so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that the Website stores on your user device.
The Website only uses the following cookies and for the following purposes:
* Functional cookies:  Cookies used to enhance the user friendliness of the Website for visitors. For example, a cookie is
placed to remember that you passed the age gate webpage when you are above legal drinking age. Without this cookie, you
would have to re-submit this information on every webpage. The functional cookies of the Website that are stored by SINGHA
on your computer only remain valid during your session on the Website.
* Analytics  cookies:  SINGHA uses Google Analytics cookies, with the purpose to analyse how visitors use the Website.
SINGHA can then make improvements to the usability of the Website. Google only processes data obtained via the Website
in an anonymous form. Please visit www.google.com/analytics for more information on Google Analytics.
* Third party cookies:  The Website allows cookies of social plugins of certain third parties. This enables a user to share
content of the Website on social networks. These plugins also enhance the user friendliness of the Website. The (use of the)
data collected by these third parties via the social plugins are exclusively determined by such third party as SINGHA cannot
read these cookies (nor can these parties read the cookies of SINGHA). For information regarding these third party cookies
please check the respective third party’s privacy policy.
Changing Your Settings
By changing the settings in your web browser, you can establish that you will be given notice if a cookie is stored on your computer.
By changing settings, you can also establish that your browser does not accept cookies from this Website. This Privacy and
Cookie Policy may be changed over time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the modified Privacy
and Cookie Policy. Users of the Website are advised to regularly read the Privacy and Cookie Policy for possible changes.