https://www.fishingmadeiraisland.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Everything you ever wanted to know about the use of cookies on fishingmadeiraisland.com.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files which are downloaded onto your device by the website which you are visiting. The next time you visit the same website, cookies ensure that your device is recognized. By using cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags/beacons and scripts (‘cookies’), this website can save information about visits and visitors. We place some of the cookies on the websites ourselves, while other cookies are placed by third parties. Third-party cookies may collect data outside our websites as well.
Cookies can be utilized to make visiting a website more personal, by, for instance:
displaying relevant navigation settings;
remembering visitors’ preferences;
improving the overall user experience and
limiting the number of advertisements shown.
Our Mary’s use of cookies
By clicking ‘I accept’ when the cookie notice is shown or by continuing to use the website, you thereby give consent for cookies to be placed and read out on fishingmadeiraisland.com and the associated sub-domains. Our Mary uses the information which it has collected through cookies for the purposes stated in Our Mary’s Privacy Policy
The fishingmadeiraisland.com uses three types of cookies:
Functional cookies
These are cookies which enable users to view fishingmadeiraisland.com, use the functions on the websites and gain access to secured portions of them. The information collected through these cookies is not used for marketing purposes. If use of this type of cookie is not allowed, this will have the following consequences:
using various parts of fishingmadeiraisland.com will become impossible;
Our Mary can provide less support to users;
Our Mary will be unable to remember your preferences for not using or displaying a specific function.
Analytic cookies
These cookies help Our Mary to improve its websites. The cookies collect information about the way in which visitors use fishingmadeiraisland.com, including information about the pages most visited or the number of error messages displayed. WebAnalytics cookies are one example of this type of cookie.
Marketing and other cookies
Marketing cookies are typically placed on fishingmadeiraisland.com by advertising networks. These networks are companies which act as intermediaries between Our Mary and advertisers. These cookies are used to:
show relevant, personalised advertisements or offers through every type of medium (such as e-mail, social media and banner ads) based on your visit to and click behaviour on fishingmadeiraisland.com;
limit the number of times each advertisement is displayed;
measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign;
make a link with social media, so you will be recognised when you wish to use social media through fishingmadeiraisland.com.
Adjusting cookie settings and deleting cookies
If you do not want Our Mary to place cookies on your device, you can refuse the use of cookies through your browser’s settings or options. You can also refuse just our partners’ cookies. You need to separately adjust the settings for each browser and each computer.
Please note that, if you adjust the cookie settings for Our Mary, you may not be able to correctly use some parts of fishingmadeiraisland.com afterwards.
More about cookies
‘Your Online Choices’ (www.youronlinechoices.com) is a website offered by the internet advertising industry which contains information about ‘behavioural advertising’, ‘online privacy’ and opt-out options.
The most recent version of this cookie policy is dated 17th of May, 2018.
Current Weather in Funchal
Click on above image for 36-hours weather forecast
Where You Can Find Us
Contact UsMarina do Funchal, Funchal, Madeira+351 966 124 750info@fishingmadeiraisland.com
WhatsApp us  via WhatsApp
Read our Privacy Policy
WhatsApp us
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Policy".
If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.I acceptCookie Policy