http://www.tyrconnellwhiskey.com/cookie-policy
A
fitting
tribute
to the
odds-against
favorite
The Story
The legend of The Tyrconnell® was born in 1876, when R. M. Delamere entered his chestnut colt, Tyrconnell, in the prestigious National Produce Stakes horse race. Fortune found favor with Delamere that afternoon, as Tyrconnell bested horses and oddsmakers alike on his march to victory. The surprise victory captured the imagination of the assembled crowd, which included the Watts, which included A.A. Watt, local gentlemen distiller. He chose to commemorate the occasion by creating a limited edition, small batch whiskey that bore the name of their local champion.
Although A.A. Watt intended to make The Tyrconnell® just once, it ended up becoming Watt's most popular whiskey. Before Prohibition, The Tyrconnell® was claimed to be the best selling Irish whiskey. Today, the brand is maintained by the Kilbeggan Distilling Company, proud protectors of Irish whiskey making traditions. Each bottle bears the same commemorative label celebrating Tyrconnell's triumph.
The Process
As a double distilled, single malt, The Tyrconnell® occupies a territory all its own. The double distillation process lets The Tyrconnell ® retain the character of its origin, creating an end product with a delicate flavor that lives alongside a creamy and viscous profile. The Tyrconnell® Single Malt puts a great pressure on those who create it, as every decision between barley selection and bottling will reveal itself in the flavor profile. The Tyrconnell® overcomes these challenges with flying colors, with a robust flavor profile built on a backbone of citrus and honey flavors. In the spirit of the unlikely champion that became its namesake, The Tyrconnell® is a whiskey made by those who are not afraid to bravely defy the odds.
THE TYRCONNELL®
Aromas of roasted nuts, nougat, and mild oak precede a palate that is honeyed and rich in texture. The finish brings forth the malt component, allowing a keen graininess to move to the forefront. Drink neat, or on the rocks. Also, adding a reasonable amount of water to the whiskey is an option, as it will allow the nuances and complexity of the whiskey to more clearly present themselves.
Find a retailer
THE TYRCONNELL®
Madeira Cask Finish
This version of The Tyrconnell® is aged 10 years, then is finished in casks previously used to age Madeira, a fortified wine hailing from a group of islands off the coast of Portugal. Bottled at 92 proof to bring out the flavour nuances of its casks, The Tyrconnell® Madeira Cask Finish begins with a salty, red fruit flavour-filled nose before finishing dry, with prominent notes of cocoa, caramel, and allspice.
Find a retailer
THE TYRCONNELL®
port Cask Finish
After a decade resting in bourbon barrels, The Tyrconnell® Port Cask Finish is transitioned into port wine casks from the Duoro Valley in Portugal for an additional 6-8 months of aging. Bottled at 92 proof, the additional time spent in hand-selected port casks gives this single malt whiskey a nose that evokes baked apples and notes of roots. A warm sweetness recedes, allowing a finish characterized by a multitude of spices to move to the forefront.
Find a retailer
THE TYRCONNELL®
sherry Cask Finish
After ten years spent in bourbon barrels, The Tyrconnell® Sherry Cask Finish spends an additional 6-8 months in Oloroso Sherry casks from Spain. The casks exert their influence on the whiskey, creating a noticeably darker finished product. The interaction of single malt and fortified wine casks creates a veritable dessert in a glass, in which thick notes of sherry find themselves melding amongst hints of tarte tatin and custard.
Find a retailer
THE TYRCONNELL® 16 year old
The Tyrconnell® 16 Year Old is the highly anticipated limited release expression that builds on the legacy of the original incarnation of The Tyrconnell®. This is the result of sixteen years spent in bourbon barrels, and the first general release of an aged expression of this magnitude. The nose evokes citrus with underlying notes of oak, then the palate reveals a light and approachable taste with green fruits. The finale is subtly sweet with notes of oak and a smooth lingering finish.
Find a retailer
To visit our site you must be of legal drinking age.
Please drink responsibly
Month
Day
Year
You are from:
Remember me on this computer, please
By entering you agree to our Terms and Conditions and our updated Privacy Policy.
Beam Suntory Inc.
Marketing Code
Terms and Conditions
Updated Privacy Policy
Supply Chain Transparency
Contact us
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
The Tyrconnell® Single Malt Irish Whiskey 43%-46% Alc./Vol. © Kilbeggan Distilling Import Company, Chicago, IL.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.