http://www.wjoe.com/policy.htm
Welcome
to  W J O E
RADIO,
Taking radio from
the past into the new Millennium!
Quick links!  HOME Items for
SALE Price
Guide Links CONTACT
US !
WJOE Terms and Agreement Statement !
WJOE or WJOE Radio or WJOE Radio LLC or any affiliate
associated with WJOE for the sake of business is one entity and referred
to as WJOE in the User Agreement. Can be referred to in any manner
mentioned, or any other derivative past or
present.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any
time.
Satisfaction Guarantee - Buy
with 100% Confidence
Return Policy
We stand behind our products
at WJOE radio LLC, and will gladly accept merchandise returns subject
to the guidelines below. At your option, we will replace
the product or refund your payment.  Exceptions listed below.
Please send an e-mail the Customer Service Department
and request an RA (Return Authorization) number, which will be
valid for 30 days. We also ask to please be specific. We want to
improve our services and products, but need your input to do
so.
Electronic components: Must be
unused, undamaged, and in the original unopened package(s).
After 30 days from date of purchase we will not accept a return
on these products.
Belts and Belt kits: These have a 90 day
replacement warrantee period. This is 90 days from the date of
purchase! If a belt, or belts should become defective. Then they
need to be returned for a replacement. We will replace any
defective belt(s) or idler tire(s) only, not the complete kit.
The replacement is at our digression.
Ship the product back to us, along with a
copy of your original invoice. Print the RA number legibly on the outside of the shipping
carton in bold, visible letters. We (WJOE Radio, LLC will determine
your refund based on the product retruned, and condition.
Send the package to: WJOE Radio
LLC, #104, 19 Peirce Ave Suite C, Fitchburg, MA 01420
Shipping
Information
Shipping
NOTES:
Freight collect or COD returns cannot be accepted.
Parts received by WJOE radio without an RA number and copy
of the invoice may be returned to you COD for freight charges
incurred or held for processing until it has been determined
that the return was made for justifiable reasons.
To receive a credit or refund, parts
must be returned within 30 days from date of purchase. Incorrect
orders must be reported within 30 days. After 30 days we will
not offer a refund for any reason(s).
Risk of LossAll purchases of physical
items from WJOE radio, LLC or affiliates are made pursuant to a
shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title
for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Once delivery has been made to the carrier (USPS, UPS, ECT) The
order becomes your responsibility.
We will provide tracking upon request. We will provide support
if appropriate.
Shipping
Details:
We ship three times a week. Monday, Wednesday,
and Friday.
This is not a guarantee, due to vacations, weather issues, or any other
outside influence.
You are always welcome to contact us for more information. Please
select the "SHIPPING/TRACKING" option.
Privacy Security
Information
Our Commitment
To Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To
better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our
online information practices and the choices you can make about the
way your information is collected and used. This applies to all information collected or
submitted to us on our website. The only records we temporarily hold are back ordered
items. These are not kept electronically, and are
destroyed as soon as the item(s) are sent. Furthermore it
is our responsibility to protect your personal
information.
Third Party Data
Collection: We
do not require, purchase, or demand third party data collection of
any kind. However we can not control the way they do business.
Examples are credit card orders, Paypal payments, shopping cart
gateways, ect. These third party payment gateways are required to
process credit cards and payment information. We may need to access
these accounts when necessary. As a result any correspondence to us,
(WJOE Radio) must include an order number if there is an query about
the original order.
The way we use information: We use
the information you provide about yourself when placing an order
only to complete that order. We do not share this information with
outside parties. We use the information you provide about someone
else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm
delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such
addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared
with outside parties. At no time do we collect or store this
data unless asked or authorized to by the
customer.
For
example: We ask customers to join the email list, and at their
option they can opt in or out. Even this data is saved on a
third party collection database, never in
house.
Our Commitment To Data
Security: To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we are exposed to.
User
Agreements
WJOE or WJOE Radio or WJOE Radio LLC or any
affiliate associated with WJOE for the sake of business is one
entity and referred to as WJOE in the User Agreement. Can be
referred to in any manner mentioned, or any other derivative past or
present.
Illegal use of products sold by WJOE radio, LLC
Products sold by WJOE radio, LLC
or affiliates may not be used in any device that would be illegal
under state, federal and international laws. WJOE radio,
LLC takes no responsibility for use of their products used in such
devices, or use as not intended.
Risk of Loss All purchases of physical
items from WJOE radio, LLC or affiliates are made pursuant to a
shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for
such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. Once
delivery has been made to the carrier (USPS, UPS, ECT) The order
becomes your responsibility. We will provide
tracking upon request. We will provide support if appropriate.
Risk of Damage
All
purchases of physical items from WJOE radio, LLC or affiliates are made
pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of damage for
such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. Once
delivery has been made to the carrier (USPS, UPS, ECT) The order
becomes your responsibility.
We will
provide tracking upon request. We will provide support if appropriate.
In some cases the carrier will provide insurance, or insurance may
be supplied depending on shipment type and cost. WJOE Radio may
assist in these cases, however the
responcibility is with the end user and the carrier company.
Purchasing a Product on WJOE
Users can purchase products on the WJOE website using a
valid credit card processed by a third party.You do not have
to be a member to purchase a product.The price you pay is
fixed at the time of ordering.You may not cancel an order
once it has been submitted.It is the customer's
responsibility to ensure the product delivery address is
correct. WJOE takes no responsibility for any product a customer
does not receive because of errors in the delivery address given
to us.
You must ensure that your access to this
website and the WJOE service is not illegal or prohibited by laws
that apply to you.
Other We accept no liability for any
failure to comply with this agreement where such failure is due to
circumstances beyond our reasonable control.If we waive any
rights available to us under this agreement on one occasion, this
does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on
any other occasion or occasions.
Disclaimer
The
information contained within this website www.wjoe.com, or any affiliate, is derived from theoretical
information based on experience and knowledge obtained in
experiance. The reader "you", are ultimately responsible for any and
all information used from this site. Any damage, or any consequences
you experience from this information is solely your responsibility.
This information is a free service, so please enjoy it! Any other
use, retention, dissemination, editing, selling, or copying anything
from this site, for any intent is strictly prohibited. Unless you
obtain written permission by me at joe@wjoe.com. Any information on
this web site is owned by myself and is intended to aid you in your
research about Antique or Vintage capacitors. Please
enjoy!!!!!!
Quick links!
HOME Items for
SALE Price
Guide Links CONTACT
US !
12/10/17 UPDATED
01/03/2020