https://www.locatormagazine.com/privacy.php
< Back
Privacy Policy
Asay Media Network has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to
privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the entire Asay
Media Network. Asay Media Network consists of the following web-sites: asaymedianetwork.com, asaypub.com,
locatormagazine.com, ombe.com, yesterdaysoffice.com, thecopiernetwork.com, theprinternetwork.com, and
therecyclersnetwork.com.
Public Forums/Message Boards
Asay Media Network offers public forums available at thecopiernetwork.com, theprinternetwork.com,
therecycyersnetwork.com, and yesterdaysoffice.com. Information disclosed in these areas is publicly available
and you should use caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. These web-sites allow users to
update their information automatically. Asay Media Network may use the information to contact visitors and
customers to further discuss any interest they have in our products and services, as well as our partners',
and notices of promotions and scheduled upcoming events.
E-mail Newsletters
Asay Media Network offers an opportunity for visitors to sign-up for free e-mail newsletters. The
registration requires users to give contact information (such as name and e-mail address). Asay Media
Network uses this contact information to send users information about our company's and our advertisers'
products and services.
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions
which are included in the e-mails that you receive.
You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to
certain features of the website.
We often use iContact e-mail delivery services.
You may review their policy here (https://www.icontact.com/legal/privacy)
Collected Information
Asay Media Network uses cookies to store visitor preferences and record past activity at a site in order to
provide better service when visitors return to our sites. Asay Media Network services sometimes use cookies
to help our partners and advertisers better analyze the success of their e-mail and other online marketing
campaigns. Asay Media Network uses industry standard security technologies and processes, such as secure
sockets layer, encryption, and a physically protected data center, to protect our customer data.
The information is used to enhance the visitor's experience when using the website to display
personalized content and possibly advertising.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
E-mails may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
No Warranty and User Responsibilities
Asay Media Network's web-sites and e-mails contain links to other web-sites. Asay Media Network is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web-sites and recommends that users check the
privacy policies of other sites to be aware of how your information is being used. It is the responsibility
of the user to keep personal information private and confidential.
Third-Party E-mails, Products, and Services
Customers and visitors are advised to read the privacy statements of all third-party web-sites they visit.
Asay Media Network is not responsible for the accuracy and reliability of any third-party information,
products, or services. Third-parties may independently collect information about you when you view ads,
e-mails, or other communications from third-parties through Asay Media Network products or services. If you
do not want those companies to collect information about you, please contact them directly.
Google Ads
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites
they visit on the Internet.
Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content
network privacy policy.
Anti-Spam Policy
Asay Media Network actively monitors our advertisers' e-mail campaigns to ensure they comply with our
anti-spam policy. Our e-mail advertisers must meet our strict list criteria and acceptance guidelines. All
partners and advertisers who decide to use our collective services offered on our web-sites and e-mail
marketing services are required to provide contact information, such as their name, company name, address,
phone number, e-mail address, and billing information.
How to Opt-Out and Correct Contact Information
Asay Media Network provides users the opportunity to opt-in and opt-out of receiving e-mail newsletters and
promotional e-mails. Every e-mail is sent containing an easy to use "To be removed click here" or
"Manage your subscription" link at the bottom of the e-mail. To unsubscribe, you simply need to
click the link, or simply forward the e-mail message to unsubscribe@asaypub.com. To update your personal information,
please click the "Manage your subscription" link at the bottom of the e-mail newsletter.
If you want to remove or correct your contact information in our Locator Magazine Buyer's Guide or Locator Magazine
mailing list, please send the updated information to support@asaypub.com.
Asay Media Network
PO Box 670
1840 North Range Line Road, Suite 5
Joplin, MO 64802-0670
United States
[Map]
Toll-Free: 800-825-9633
Telephone: 417-781-9317
Facsimile: 417-781-0427
Revised: 9/24/19
Search Asay Media Network Sites:
© 2004 - 2020
Asay Media Network.   All Rights Reserved.
About us
Advertising
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Sign up for our FREE newsletters
Submit Your Press Release