http://www.collectiondx.com/page/terms_service
Log In
Reviewsby Toy Line
by Series
by Manufacturer
by Category
by Materials
by Year
by Fetish
by Country
by Toy Designer
by Character Designer
Video Reviews
Randomizer
Newsby Manufacturer
ArticlesComic-Con
Summit
Toy Fair
Book Reviews
Movie Reviews
Yahoo Japan Auctions
Show
Blog
AboutFAQ
Contact
Advertise
Link Exchange
Write a Review
Home
Search this site:
Search this site:
Home » About » Terms of Service
Terms of Service
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES THE TERMS ON WHICH CollectionDX OFFERS YOU ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES.
Membership Eligibility
Our services are available only to individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, our services are not available to minors or to
temporarily or indefinitely suspended members. If you do not qualify, please do not use our services.
Fees
Viewing and joining is FREE. There may be charges for other levels of service. We may in our sole discretion change some or all of our services at any time. In the event we introduce a new service, the fees for that service are effective at the launch of the service. Unless otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S. Dollars. You are responsible for paying all fees associated with using our service and our website and all applicable taxes.
CollectionDX is just a venue.
We are not responsible for the accuracy or legality of any information listed on members pages.
Information Control
We do not control the information provided by other users which is made available through our system. You may find other user's information to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use caution, common sense, and practice safe surfing when using our site. Please note that there are also risks of dealing with underage persons or people acting under false pretense.
Sales or Transactions between users
CollectionDX is NOT a commerce site. We do not condone trading or sales with in our pages. CollectionDX will not be held liable in the event that a user has difficulty in a transaction with another user. ANY REFRENCE TO COMMERCE IN THE USERS INFORMATION IF PROHIBITED. If you want to sell something, buy ad space like everyone else.
Collection information
Information pertained in the users pages must adhere to the following guidelines:
- No pornography or illegal content of any kind may be posted.
- No adult of foul language will be allowed. This is meant to be a safe place for everyone.
- You must have legal ownership of the photographs you publish.
- You may not use our URL to remotely load a photograph to another web site
- Your collection listing may only include text descriptions, graphics, pictures and other content relevant to your collection.
- Your listing may not be commercial in nature, or link to commercial sites.
Your Information
Definition.
"Your Information" is defined as any information you provide to us or other users in the registration, in any public message area or through any e-mail feature. You are solely responsible for Your Information, and we act as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of Your Information.
Restrictions.
Your Information: (a) shall not be false, inaccurate or misleading; (b) shall not be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items; (c) shall not infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (d) shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising); (e) shall not be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (f) shall not be obscene or contain child pornography or, if otherwise adult in nature or harmful to minors, (g) shall not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (h) shall not create liability for us or cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs or other suppliers; and (i) shall not link directly or indirectly to or include descriptions of goods or services that: (aa) are prohibited under this Agreement; or (bb) you do not have a right to link to or include.
License.
Solely to enable CollectionDX to use the information you supply us with, so that we are not violating any rights you might have in that information, you agree to grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to exercise the copyright, publicity, and database rights (but no other rights) you have in Your Information, in any media now known or not currently known, with respect to Your Information. CollectionDX will only use Your Information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Access and Inteference
You agree that you will not copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content (except for Your Information) from our website without the prior expressed written permission of CollectionDX or the appropriate third party.
Breach.
Without limiting other remedies, we may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership and refuse to provide our services to you: (a) if you breach this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference; (b) if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us; or (c) if we believe that your actions may cause legal liability for you, our users or us.
No Warranty.
WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS PROVIDE OUR WEB SITE AND SERVICES "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WE AND OUR SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other legal rights that vary from state to state.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold us and (as applicable) our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Liability
COLLECTIONDX WILL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE, OR OTHER CLAIM ARISING AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
Support CDX when you shop at Amazon!
Recent comments
Some useless trivia...
14 hours 55 min ago
Oh well
7 weeks 2 hours ago
I can attest to the fact that
7 weeks 3 days ago
Wish I'd never sold mine, it
10 weeks 2 days ago
This toy line started life out as an April Fool's joke.
10 weeks 3 days ago
more
New News
News
GX-95 Gordian Warrior info released11.02.20
"Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind" Mehve Glider Set Lands Today on BluefinBrands.com as First of Many Exclusives for Studio Ghibli Fans08.25.20
Soul of Chogokin GX-59R Daltanias Renewal Details07.17.20
Grand Sofubi Bigsize Model Boss Borot from Evolution Toy07.17.20
Great Scott! Transformers-Back to the Future Collaboration Introduces ‘Gigawatt’ Character – Available to Pre-order Now!07.14.20
ALL NEW Power Rangers Lightning Collection Products Revealed!07.14.20
Transformers-Top Gun Collaboration Introduces All-new ‘Maverick’ Robot Character – Available for Pre-order Today!07.14.20
Hiya Toys is pleased to announce
four new figures in its Exquisite Mini line from 2004’s Alien Vs. Predator and 2010’s Predators.06.22.20
Bluefin Kicks-off Hunting Season This October With the Release of Monster Hunter S.H. Monsterarts Creatures Throughout U.S.06.17.20
Premium Bandai Usa Brings Exclusive Gundam Models and Dragon Ball Figures to North America03.04.20
More news >
About
CollectionDX is your source for Reviews, News and Collections of the latest Japanese Toys, American Toys, Robots, Designer Toys and Action figures.
Friends
ToyboxDX
Onell Design
Tformers
Kaiju Big Battel
Super7
Metalrobot
Kuma Style
Explore
Saint Seiya Toys
Power Rangers Toys
Gundam Toys
Voltron Toys
Third-Party Transformers
Iron Man Toys
Indica
CollectionDX, CollectionDX logo and site contents are ™ and ©2020 CollectionDX.comUse of this page constitutes agreement with our Terms of service
Privacy Policy