http://www.montanaice.com/privacy
Montana Ice and Alpine Recreation
Home
ForumsHyalite
Cooke City
Missoula
Glacier Park
Beartooths
Madison, Gallatin & Absaroka Ranges
New Routes
Buy and Sell Gear
Hyalite Ice Conditions
Community DiscussionsSpray!
Find Partners
Lost & Found
Hyalite Winter Access
The Earlog
User login
Username: *
Password: *
Request new password
Current Ice Conditions in Montana
The Skiing Forum
New Routes Archive
Community Discussions
Archived Forums
Home
MontanaIce.com Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Montana Ice, Inc. has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Web site located at the URL www.montanaice.com
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Montana Ice, Inc. reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this Privacy Policy simply by posting such changes on our Site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Montana Ice, Inc. by sending us an email. Please reference this Privacy Policy in your subject line.
Privacy Policy for MontanaIce.com
What Information We Collect and How We Use That Information: Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, address, interests, and similar information. •
We do not store sensitive information from our visitors, such as credit card or social security numbers. •
We will never sell your information to a third party. •
We will never share your information with a third party without your permission
Use by Montana Ice, Inc.: When you create an account on Montana Ice.com you may receive occasional emails from us updating you on noteworthy developments about alpine recreation in Montana. If you do not wish to hear from us, simply use the unsubscribe feature on these emails and/or contact us directly.
Security:All sensitive information transmitted to MontanaIce.com is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our Site that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Montana Ice, Inc.. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Other Web Sites: MontanaIce.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another Web site for which Montana Ice, Inc. has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Terms of Use for MontanaIce.com
Agreement:
By using the MontanaIce.com web site, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not want to be bound by this agreement, please do not use theMontanaIce.com web site. Montana Ice, Inc. may change this agreement at any time. Those changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the modification(s) on the site. You agree to review this agreement from time-to-time to make sure that you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of MontanaIce.com indicates your acceptance of the modified agreement.
Conduct: You agree not to post, email, or otherwise make available Content: a) that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory,libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or is harmful to minors in any way; b) that harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability; c) that violates federal, state, or local equal employment opportunity laws, including but not limited to, stating in any advertisement for employment a preference or requirement based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, or disability. d) that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent; e) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; f) that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive amount of Content (flooding attack) to the Service, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the site; or g) that employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of Content transmitted through the Service.
Additionally, you agree not to: h) contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted; i) collect personal data about other users for commercial or unlawful purposes; j) use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from the sitek) post non-local or otherwise irrelevant Content, repeatedly post the same or similar Content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Content: You understand that all postings, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials ("Content") posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the site are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. More specifically, you are entirely responsible for each individual item ("Item") of Content that you post, email or otherwise make available via the site. You understand that Montana Ice, Inc. does not control, and is not responsible for Content made available through the site, and that by using the site, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable.
Climbing, Skiing, Running, and related activities are inherently dangerous. Montana Ice, Inc. makes no representation as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of information which the Site makes available. MontanaIce, Inc. is not responsible for injuries, damages, or death as a result of the use of information derived from this Site.
Furthermore, the MontanaIce.com. site and Content available through the site may contain links to other websites, which are completely independent of Montana Ice, Inc.. Montana Ice, Inc. makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such site. Your linking to any other webites is at your own risk. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, that you may not rely on said Content, and that under no circumstances will Montana Ice, Inc. be liable in any way for any Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available via the site. You acknowledge that Montana Ice, Inc. generally does not pre-screen or approve Content, but that Montana Ice, Inc. shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, delete or move any Content that is available via the site, for violating the letter or spirit of the TOU or for any other reason.
MontanaIce.com is a website largely driven by submissions from its users. Therefore, you agree that any content submitted to MontanaIce.com may be repurposed for use elsewhere on the site. This may include editing text or images, and placing this information in refined content status. MontanaIce.com reserves the right to elelctronically redistribute user submitted content and information.
Prohibited Uses of Information: Use of the MontanaIce.com site and/or the information stored therein for commercial or business purposes of any kind, for personal gain or for political purposes, is prohibited. Prohibited activities also include, but are not limited to solicitations for commercial services, harvesting of information, cold-calling and mass-mailings.
Abuse Reporting and Privacy Inquiries: Users wishing to report abuse or to inquire about privacy concerns are invited to contact Montana Ice, Inc. at http://montanaice.com/contact
Limitation, Suspension or Termination of Service: Montana Ice, Inc. reserves the right to limit, suspend or terminate service to any user found to have used the site in a manner inconsistent with the Terms of Use, local, state or Federal law, or in a manner that creates liability for Montana Ice, Inc.. The sole discretion of Montana Ice, Inc. shall apply in all cases.
Indemnification: By using the site, users agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the the Montana Ice, Inc. and its respective employees, agents and assigns from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs, and expenses that may arise from use of the site, and/or from user breach of these policies. Montana Ice, Inc. reserves the right to participate in the investigation, settlement, and defense of any such action or claim. Montana Ice, Inc. reserves the right to approve choice of counsel, and any potential settlement of such a claim.
Contacting Montana Ice, Inc.: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us.
Recent Forum comments
mmcneil
:
Does anyone use this site anymore?
up2ztop
:
Current conditions
Baker
:
Thanks for the report
andrew mayer
:
1/2/15 - conditions at Finley
sjhurst
:
Route Conditions
more
Avalanche Forecasts
Avalanche Conditions
Gallatin National Forest Avalanche Center
Glacier Country Avalanche Center
West Central Montana Avalanche Center
Road Conditions
Montana Department of Transportation
Wyoming Department of Transportation
Idaho Transportation Department
Snotel Sites
Composite Hyalite Snotel Sites (by Junkfunnel)Lick Creek Weather Station Shower Falls Weather StationCooke City Area- NE Entrance Weather StationAll Montana Snotel Sites- Map of Montana SNOTEL sites
Online Ice Guide
Gallatin Range (163)East Hyalite Canyon (6)Emerald Lake Trail (0)
Flanders Drainage (6)
Palisade Falls area (0)
Hyalite Canyon (61)Black Magic Wall (8)
Genesis Area (12)
Unnamed Wall (14)
Mummy Cooler Area (11)
Twin Falls Area (7)
Winter Dance Area (0)
Responsible Area (6)
The Dribbles Area (3)
Palace Butte Area (0)
Overlook Mountain Area (0)
Absaroka Range (5)Emmigrant Gulch (0)
Mission Creek (2)
Pine Creek (2)
Beartooth Range (1)Cooke City Area (0)
Stillwater River Climbs (0)
West Rosebud Canyon climbs (0)
East Rosebud Canyon Climbs (1)
Red Lodge Area (0)
Bitterroot Range (0)
Bridger Range (0)
Glacier NP (0)
Madison Range (0)Big Sky Area Climbs (0)
The Sphinx Climbs (0)
Mission Mountains (0)
Yellowstone NP (4)
Privacy Policy • Contact Us •