https://www.altoadigewines.com/en/information/privacy-policy/5-0.html
We use cookies to offer the best possible user experience on our website. We also use third-party cookies, to deliver personalised advertisement messages. By using our website you agree, that cookies can be saved on your device. Further information on the cookies used and on how to disable them can be found here.
. Information . Privacy policy Buy wine
Data privacy statementGeneral informationSuedtirol Wein has drawn up these Internet data protection guidelines with the intention of approaching visitors to the website as their trustworthy partner, who respects and guarantees your personal right to confidentiality.Within the meaning of GDPR 2016/679 Consorzio Alto Adige Wines is the holder of the right to administration and processing of the personal data, which may be collected on this website. The rights holder administrates or processes these personal data, which may be collected on the website (www.suedtirolwein.com), under the conditions set out below. Type of data collection and purpose of processingSuedtirol Wein processes solely those data, which the visitor to the website has provided of his own free will. It is not possible to navigate on the website without providing personal data and information. Each visitor is free to make personal data available on a restricted basis, in order to benefit from only specified services. We collect and store personal data solely for the services described in the information we provide.Visitors to the website may transfer their data:to subscribe to our newsletterto register for events/coursesto send their CVto obtain information on services or products, offers, cost estimatesto purchase services, products or vouchersTransfer to third partiesPersonal data are not transferred to other companies. In addition, the personal information will be passed, if that provide legal regulations or judicial authority or other bodies and institutions require it.It is not the intention of Suedtirol Wein to collect sensitive or judicially relevant personal data on its website. Sensitive data within the meaning of Article 4 GDPR 2016/679 are personal details concerning sex, ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or other views, political opinions, membership of political parties, unions, associations or organisations with a religious, philosophical or trade union background and details on health or sexual orientation. Within the meaning of Article 4 GDPR 2016/679 judicially relevant data are those personal details, which may lead to inferences that the data subject is subject to measures based on Article 3 (1) from a) to o) and from r) to u) of the D.P.R. No. 313 of 14 November 2002 on the criminal record, the register of Administrative Offences in consequence of criminal offences or associated legal proceedings or to the data subject being the accused or suspect within the meaning of Articles 60 and 61 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. We recommend that you do not supply such information to our website. Should this be unavoidable (for example in the case of classification of groups of protected persons, in the provision of a curriculum vitae for employment purposes, in response to an offer of employment or as an expression of interest in an appointment with our company), we request that you send to us by post the specific declaration available in the "Despatch of Curriculum Vitae" section of this website. In this we request you to give your written consent to the processing of the aforementioned sensitive personal data.Involvement of third party services and contentsGoogle Analytics, Google-IP-Locator, Google Maps, Google Maps Distance Api, Google reCAPTCHAProprietor: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USAYouTube-ContentsProprietor: Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USAFacebook social networkProprietor: Facebook Inc., Menlo Park, California, USAGoogle Plus social networkProprietor: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USAInstagram social networkProprietor: Facebook Inc., Menlo Park, California, USATwitter social networkProprietor: Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 D02 AX07, IrlandVimeoProprietor: Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011HotjarProprietor: Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, MaltaAdditional external content can be loaded via widgets and iframes. To get access to complete list, an e-mail must be sent to .Links to third party Internet sitesWe advise you that the website, www.suedtirolwein.com contains links to other websites, which are not managed within the meaning of the foregoing data protection directives.Retention and erasure of the dataThe information and personal data collected on this website, including those provided voluntarily by the visitor for the receipt of information material or other consignments when he writes to the addresses given in the Contact Request, „Newsletter“, „Jobs“ and „Online-Buy“, are retained solely for the purposes of providing the desired service and only for the period of time absolutely necessary to fulfil this purpose. Once the service has been provided, in accordance with the data protection guidelines of Suedtirol Wein, the data are erased, subject to requirements from governmental agencies or legal retention requirements.Exercise of your rightsIn accordance with Article 15 GDPR 2016/679 the data subject has the right at any time to receive information on his personal data collected on this website; he may have them rectified, updated or erased or he may assert other rights accorded to him by law. For this purpose it is necessary to contact the controller of the data processing or the processor by e-mail at .Data SecurityAll the technical and organisational security measures required to protect the personal data from loss and abuse are taken by Suedtirol Wein. Suedtirol Wein protects your personal data by means of internationally recognised standards, which make the following impossible:unauthorised accessunauthorised use and disseminationunauthorised amendmentloss and inadvertent or unlawful destruction of dataCookies/advertisementsCookies are small text files, which are deposited in your computer, if you visit certain websites. This website, including its sub-domains, uses cookies; the consent of the user is always requested, where this is expressly required by law or other applicable provisions. The use of cookies facilitates navigation on the website and allows the information transmitted to the user to be personalised. In addition, systems are used for security and statistical purposes to collect information on the user, such as his IP address, the browser and operating system used and/or the websites visited by a user. Cookies will not damage your computer, tablet or Smartphone.The cookies generated by www.suedtirolwein.com contain no personal data, which could be used to identify the user; they contain only encrypted data.Specific use of personal dataIn the following you will find specific notes on how specified sections of this website function:Contact Request sectionThe Contact Request section on this website offers the opportunity to make enquires about products, services, offers, participation in events and courses. If you decide to send us your personal data, these data shall be processed exclusively for the purposes referred to above by persons specifically authorised so to do and in accordance with the routine in-house management procedures.Section Online purchaseThe shopping section of this website offers the opportunity to purchase the products offered on the website. If you decide to send us your personal data, these data shall be processed exclusively for the purposes referred to above by persons specifically authorised so to do and in accordance with the routine in-house management procedures.For this purpose, the user must enter the required data; otherwise it will be excluded from online sales. The purchase is also subject to the express consent, by clicking on its own box, the privacy policy and the conditions of sale of the company.Section NewsletterIf the visitor to our website would like to receive our newsletter, he must enter his personal data in the appropriate form in the Register for Newsletter section. The data collected serve for the despatch of the newsletter within the meaning of the declaration in the footnote to the form.Jobs sectionThe Jobs section on this website offers the opportunity to express interest in employment in our company and/or to respond to a job advertisement for vacant or newly-created posts. If you decide to send us your personal data, these data shall be processed exclusively for the purposes referred to above by persons specifically authorised so to do and in accordance with the routine in-house management procedures.Under-age visitors (16 years)The Suedtirol Wein website, which is regulated by the foregoing data protection provisions, is not intended for the use of minors. We are aware of the necessity for protecting data, which concern minors, in particular in the online environment. Therefore we do not collect and store, except inadvertently, any data from under-age visitors.