http://www.lincolnforums.com/forums/help/privacy-policy/
Lincoln Forums Navigation:
MKZ
Continental
Corsair
Nautilus
Aviator
Navigator
Past Vehicles
Menu
Forums
New posts
Search forums
New Posts
Latest activity
Classifieds
Support Our Site
Log in
Register
What's new
Search
Search
Search titles only
By:
Search
Advanced search…
Latest activity
Register
Menu
Log in
Register
Navigation
Install the app
Install
More options
Contact us
Close Menu
Forums
Help
You are using an out of date browser. It
may not display this or other websites correctly.You should upgrade or use an alternative browser.
Privacy policy
Help pages
Help
Smilies
BB codes
Trophies
Cookie usage
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
We are Lincoln Forums ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.
What information we hold about you
The type of data that we collect and process includes:
Your name or username.
Your email address.
Your IP address.
Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.
We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:
You register as a member on this site.
You fill out our contact form.
You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.
You fill out fields on your profile.
How your personal information is used
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.
We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.
Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.
Other ways we may use your personal information.
In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.
Keeping your data secure
We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.
Cookie policy
Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.
We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options:
a. Opting-out of OneSignal Push NotificationsYou may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
b. Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile DevicesYou can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device, selecting Ads, and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
User information will not be distributed or sold in any other fashion. The only exception to this is when under request of law enforcement agencies.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our Site visitors use the Site. You can opt out of your usage data being included in our reports from Google Analytics. Please visit Google’s Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Please visit How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps for a description of how Google uses information sent by our browser and for ways you can control the information sent to Google.
Rights
You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.
You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.
Acceptance of this policy
Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.
Changes to this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.
CAPTCHA privacy policy
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
Log in
Your name or email address
Password
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
Log in
Don't have an account? Register now
Share this page
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Share
Link
Forums
Help
Top