http://www.mgownersclub.co.uk/privacy
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome ›
Privacy
1. BackgroundThis privacy policy sets out how the MG Owners’ Club Ltd uses and protects any information that you give the MG Owners’ Club it also lets you know what happens to any personal data that you give to us, or any that we may collect from or about you. It applies to all products and services, and instances where we collect your personal data.This privacy notice applies to personal information processed by The MG Owners' Club (MGOC Ltd).We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page in order to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices. We encourage you to check this privacy notice for changes whenever you visit our website.2. What kinds of personal information about you do we process?Personal information that we process in connection with MGOC Ltd products and services, if relevant, includes:•    Full Name•    Contact information including email address•    Demographic information such as postcode•    Vehicle details•    Other information relevant to customer surveys to include annual members questionnaire and/or offers
3. What is the source of your personal information?We collect personal information from the following sources:Directly from you, when you apply for any of the following:MGOC MembershipMGOC EventsMGOC Merchandise OrdersAll of the above information is collected via various methods including our website over the telephone or via the post.4. What do we use your personal data for?We use your personal data, including any of the personal data listed in section 2 above, for the following purposes:    MGOC Memberships subscription      Updating your Membership records    To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance    5. What are the grounds for our processing of your personal information?   Where it is needed, to provide you with our products or services.6. When do we share your personal information with other organisations?We may share information with the following third parties for the purposes listed above:MGOC Spares Ltd Lancaster Insurance Services Ltd and other Business partners (for example, financial services), or others companies that are a part of providing your products and services or operating our business.    7. How and when can you withdraw your consent?Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us using the details below.8. Is your personal information transferred outside the UK?We’re based in the UK, and your data is not transferred to anywhere outside of the UK.9. What should you do if your personal information changes?You should tell us so that we can update our records using the details in the Members’ Contact Us section of our website. We’ll then update your records.10. Do you have to provide your personal information to us?We’re unable to provide you with our products or services if you do not provide certain information to us. In cases where providing some personal information is optional, we’ll make this clear.11. For how long is your personal information retained by us?Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing your membership with you and managing our operations, and then for a period of 6 years from the end of your membership inline with our accounting practices.12. What are your rights under data protection laws?Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws. They don’t apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not. The right of data portability is only relevant from May 25th 2018.    The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information   The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed    The right to object to processing of your personal information    The right to restrict processing of your personal information    The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”)    The right to request access to your personal information.        You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/. You can contact us using the details below.13. Your right to objectYou have the right to object to certain purposes for processing, in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate interests. You can contact us by going to the Members’ area - Contact Us section of our website to exercise these rights.14. What are your marketing preferences and what do they mean?We may use your home address, phone numbers and email address to contact you according to your marketing preferences. You can stop our marketing at any time by contacting us using the details below or by following the instructions in the communication.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish to exercise your rights, you can contact us by going to the Members Area Contact Us section of our website. Alternatively, you can telephone our Membership department on 01954 231125 or write to MG Owners' Club, Octagon House, 1 Over Road, Swavesey, Cambridge CB24 4QZ.
Home
Club MattersAbout Us
Affiliated Clubs
Benefits
Contact us
Downloads
FAQ
Feedback
Insurance
Local Meetings
Lost and Found
MGOC Travel Club
Partner Discounts
Publications
Recommended Suppliers
Spares & Accessories
Technical Advice
Terms and Conditions
Track Days
Web Links
MG NewsNews Archive
News Alerts
MG EventsCalendar
MG Model GuidePre-war
Post War Saloons
T-Types
MGA
MGB
MGC
MIDGET
MGR V8
MGF
MG TF
MG SV and SVR
MG ZR & EXPRESS VAN
MG ZS
MG ZT & ZT-T 260
MG Z-TT
MG6
MG3
MG GS
MG HS
MG ZS - SUV
Members AreaAddress Change
Area News
Club Links
Contact Us
Electronic Magazine
Event Images
Forum
Local and Overseas Meetings
MG Register
MG Z Range Vin Lookup
MG TF Vin Lookup
Partner Discounts
Publications
Recommended Suppliers
Renewals
Technical Archive by Model
Valuations
QUESTIONNAIRE
Members' Images
Event Images
Our Other sitesMGOC Race Championship
MGOC Club Shop
MGOC Spares
MGOC Travel Club
MGOC Workshop
AdvertisingBuying an MG
Place a Classified Advert
Classifieds
Trade Advertising
Forum