https://www.nationaldiscountcruise.com/privacy/
Online Privacy Policy for National Discount Cruise, Co.
National Discount Cruise, Co. understands the privacy concerns of today's Internet users. We are committed to protecting your privacy online and offline. We hope that the following explanation of our privacy policy alleviates any possible concerns.
Whenever personal information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is required, we will explicitly ask you to supply it. Any personal information provided will be used to tailor our products and services to better suit the interests of our valued customers.
National Discount Cruise, Co. will not intentionally sell or disclose any personal information about you or your travel plans to any other persons, organizations, or companies known to collect such information expressly for the purposes of delivering unsolicited email or illicit materials. Your personal information may be divulged when required by law or when protecting the legal rights and/or property of National Discount Cruise, Co..
National Discount Cruise, Co. does use cookies for functional purposes. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of some websites if you do so. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide better service to their customers.
Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to e-mail our customer service department.
Digital Travel Magazine
To help you discover ways to explore the world, we're pleased to share our digital magazine, The Travel Experience.
View Magazine
Shore Excursions
Save money and escape the crowds. Hot Deals and multi-port packages. Savings of up to 50%!
View Excursions
Free Mobile App Download
Our free app that allows you to carry all of the destination information you need while traveling, right in your pocket!
Download the Phone App!
Travel Insurance
We recommend optional travel insurance that protects you in the event of having to cancel your trip avoiding travel vendor cancellation policies and more!
Buy Travel Insurance
Travel content powered by Advaia.com