http://www.wildfitness.com/company-policies/
Skip to content
Company Policies
Company Policiesphil2020-11-24T10:16:14+00:00
All in one place. Our Terms and Conditions are below. Our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy are further down.
Terms and Conditions
These Booking Conditions form the basis of the Contract between you and Wildfitness Limited (“Wildfitness”). Please read them carefully before you book. Upon payment of your deposit for a Wildfitness retreat or Wildfitness workshop and/or activity you hereby irrevocably agree to all of the terms and conditions below.
1. Reservations and Deposit
A 50% deposit is required to confirm your booking. Upon receipt of our email invoice the 50% deposit needs to be paid by you or on your behalf within 7 days of your receiving such invoice in order to secure your booking, if it is not paid within that period we reserve the right to resell your chosen room to another party. If you have not received your invoice within 7 days, please contact us via email.  The remaining balance will then need to be paid 4 weeks before the start date of your course. If you book less than 4 weeks before the start date of your course, we will require payment in full within 5 days of your booking or prior to the start date of your course (whichever occurs first) otherwise we reserve the right to cancel. On receipt of your deposit we will send you a confirmation email and formally reserve your place on your chosen course.
A contract will exist when the booking is confirmed on our computer system. We reserve the right to refuse a booking without explanation and to refund any deposit made. When you make a group booking you confirm and guarantee that you have the authority to accept, and do accept, on behalf of your whole party the terms of these booking conditions. Following receipt of the full balance (4 weeks prior to the start date of the course or in the case of booking less than 4 weeks prior to the start of the course) you, and if applicable each member of your group, will receive a Consent / Waiver form and a short health questionnaire via email that we require you, and if applicable each member of your group, to complete and return to us by email within 7 days of such form(s) being sent by us.
It is very important that you check your booking information on your invoice when you receive it in order to ensure it is correct otherwise it may not be possible to subsequently make changes.
2. Balance Payment
The balance of the cost of your course must be paid 4 weeks before the start date of your chosen course. If your booking is made within 4 weeks of the start date of your chosen course, then full payment is due within 5 days of the time of booking or before arrival at your course (whichever occurs first). If the balance is not paid in time, we reserve the right to cancel your course and retain the deposit paid.
All bank charges that occur when paying the deposit and/or balance are to be borne by you.
3. Cancellation / Modifications by you
You, or any member of your party, may cancel your course at any time however you will be bound by the timeline detailed below in this section. Cancellation by email addressed to info@wildfitness.com from the person who made the booking or your travel agent on your behalf must be received by Wildfitness. The date of receipt of the cancellation notice by Wildfitness will be the governing date.
Please note that the cancellation of any member of your party may affect the room occupancy, type of room and price for your booking and we reserve the right in this case to transfer the remaining members of your party to alternative accommodation, which may be at a supplement which must be paid within 24 hours of such change being notified to you by email.
Since we incur costs in cancelling your course and will have forgone other bookings the following cancellation charges will apply:
If notice of cancellation is received by Wildfitness;
A) More than 8 weeks prior to start date of your course we will refund all money paid to us by way of deposit less an administration fee of £50,
B) Less than eight weeks but more than 4 weeks prior to the start of your course the initial 50%  booking fee paid to us will be forfeited,
C) Less than four weeks prior to the start date of your course 100% of all booking fees paid to us will be forfeited.
Subject always to the immediately preceding paragraph hereof if subsequent to your initial booking a medical condition arises  8 weeks or less from the commencement date of your course and you provide us with a certificate from a medical doctor stating that you are unfit to travel and / or participate in your proposed course you may at that time ask for your deposit, less any irrecoverable expenses that Wildfitness may incur as a result to such cancellation, to be transferred to another Wildfitness course that is due to start within 12 months of the cancellation date after which such transfer option will cease without any further liability to Wildfitness. We will do our best to accommodate any such request by you.
Please note if the reason for cancellation is covered under the terms of your own insurance arrangements, you may be able to reclaim these charges.
If once your course has started any cancellation or curtailment of stay by you during your course or your limited use of the facilities or activities provided on our courses and included in the cost of your course will not give you any right to a refund or credit note from us. In addition, transportation arrangements to certain destinations are secured by group bookings that do not allow us to obtain a refund of unused seats and tickets.
Should you decide to extend your stay, you will be required to make a fresh booking with us. The extension of your stay will be subject to availability and your agreement to the extension fee which must be paid in full before the extension period commences.
Alterations: once you have paid your deposit, if for unforeseen circumstances you can no longer attend your chosen course it may be possible to transfer your booking to a third party upon request to Wildfitness via email. You may also upon request change to another course within a six-month period if the circumstances are deemed appropriate by us. You may upgrade your accommodation, subject to availability and paying any additional costs, but there are no refunds if you wish to downgrade your accommodation.
4. Modifications by Wildfitness
It is unlikely that we will have to make changes to your course, but we do plan the arrangements many months in advance. Occasionally, we may have to make changes and we reserve the right to do so at any time.
We may modify the list of activities and facilities included in the course.
Should the type of accommodation that you have booked be unavailable, Wildfitness will upon your return, refund if applicable, any difference in price between the accommodation you have booked and the accommodation you were allocated.
Most of the changes we make will be minor and compensation will not be payable. Examples of minor changes include change of accommodation to another of the same standard, changes in the staff members running the course to others of similar expertise.
If we make a major change to your course we will inform you (or your travel agent) as soon as reasonably possible. When a major change occurs, you will have the choice of either accepting the change of arrangements, accepting an offer of an alternative course of comparable standard from us if available (we will refund you the price difference if the alternative is of lower value), or cancelling your booked course and receiving a full refund of all monies paid. Refunds will only relate to the actual booked course and shall not under any circumstances cover reimbursement of flight, other travel costs, accommodation outside of our courses or any other costs outside of the direct cost of the course.
If we have to make a major change or changes to your course due to Act of God or force majeure then it is agreed that any refund or value of an alternative course will  be after the deduction of any irrecoverable expenses that Wildfitness suffers as a direct result of such Act of God or force majeure.
5. Cancellation by Wildfitness
(a) We reserve the right to cancel your course in any circumstance up to 8 weeks before the start date of your chosen course, for example if the minimum number of guests required for a particular course is not reached, we may have to cancel it. In this event, subject always to clause 5 (b) below, we will inform you (or your travel agent) as soon as practical and you will have the choice of having a full refund of the cost of the course or accepting an offer of an alternative course of comparable standard from us, if available (we will refund any price difference if the alternative is of a lower value). This refund excludes all other costs including but not exclusive to independent travel arrangements flights, travel or external accommodation that you may have incurred.
(b) If we have to cancel your course due to Act of God or force majeure then it is agreed that any refund or value of an alternative course will  be after the deduction of any irrecoverable expenses that Wildfitness suffers as a direct result of such Act of God or force majeure.
We reserve the right to cancel your course if any balance payment pursuant to  clause 2 above has not been received by us either (a) four weeks before the start date of your course or (b) within 5 days of your making the booking whichever is the lesser.
(c) Note that all bank charges, in the case of Wildfitness issuing a refund of any amount or for any reason, are to be borne by you.
6. Price changes
The prices for Wildfitness courses as shown on the website www.wildfitness.com vary from time to time and you will be notified of the actual cost of your course at the time of booking. The price of your course can be varied due to changes such as transportation costs, government action such as changes in VAT or any other government-imposed changes.
If any price change means that you have to pay an increase of more than 10% of the course price, you will be entitled to cancel your course and receive a full refund of the course price paid up to the point of cancellation, but any such refund will exclude all other costs incurred by you including but not exclusive to independent travel arrangements flights, travel or external accommodation.  Should you decide to cancel for this reason, you must exercise your right to do this within 14 days from the issue date of your final invoice.
7. Miscellaneous issues
(a) Force Majeure
We regret that we cannot accept liability or pay you compensation where the performance of our contractual obligations is prevented or affected by an Act of God or ‘force majeure’. This means that we will not pay you compensation if we have to cancel or change your course in any way because of unusual or unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control.
In these booking conditions ‘force majeure’ will include (but shall not be limited to) war, threat of war, riot, civil or political unrest, industrial dispute, terrorist activity threatened or actual in its consequences, natural or nuclear disasters, fire, adverse weather conditions, closure of ports or airports, air traffic control delays, technical problems of transport, pandemics or other circumstances amounting to force majeure.
(b) Formalities
You are responsible for ensuring that at your own expense you have a valid passport and appropriate visas, travel insurance and vaccinations to attend your chosen course.
(c) Valuables
Wildfitness will not be responsible for any theft or damage of personal property. Please ensure you have adequate insurance.
(d). Extra Activities
If you wish to undertake any extra activities, please be aware that Wildfitness cannot accept responsibility for any damages – financial, physical or otherwise – incurred in the undertaking of these activities. Contractual obligation lies directly between yourself and the activity supplier.
(e) Complaints and Arbitration
If you have a problem during your course, you are obliged to inform our local staff immediately who will endeavour to rectify the situation whilst you are on the course. If your complaint is not resolved during your stay, please follow this up in writing to info@wildfitness.com within 28 days of completion of your course.
You must communicate any complaint to our local staff without delay and complete a report of your complaint while on site. If you fail to follow this simple procedure it means that we will have been deprived of the opportunity to investigate and rectify your complaint and this may affect your rights under this contract.
(f) Responsibilities
i) We do our best to provide you with the photographs and illustrations that should give you an impression of the facilities offered. These photographs and illustrations aim to give you an idea of the standard of the facilities but are not contractually binding.
ii) In respect of travel by sea and rail our liability will be limited in the manner provided by the relevant International Convention.
iii) Facilities available ‘outside the location’ together with  additional facilities the client wishes to undertake will remain under the sole responsibility of the outside providers who organised them.
iv) If you or any of your party suffer death, illness or injury whilst overseas arising out of an activity which does not form part of your course or an excursion arranged through us, we shall at our discretion, offer advice, guidance and assistance. Where legal action is contemplated and you want our assistance, you must obtain our written consent prior to commencement of proceedings.
v) The contractual terms of the companies that provide the transportation for your course will apply to this contract. These may contain terms that affect your rights to compensation. You may ask for copies of the relevant conditions of carriage from our offices.
8. Governing Law
The contract for your course is made on the terms of these booking conditions, which are to be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and the jurisdiction of the English Courts. For the avoidance of doubt, you hereby irrevocably agree and confirm that you will not, or attempt to, take legal action in any other jurisdiction.
Privacy Policy
Wildfitness Ltd is incorporated in England (company registration number 12335000). (collectively: “Wildfitness/We/Us”).
This privacy policy explains how we may collect information from you via our website (wildfitness.com), as well as further information if you enquire about or book on one of our courses, and how that information may be used.
By browsing and using this website you agree to this policy governing your use of the website. If you do not accept this policy, you should not use our website.
We may change our privacy policy from time to time without notification and you should regularly review this policy when you visit our website.
Collection of personal information
We will only collect personal information from you (such as name, address, telephone number, email address) which you have provided voluntarily to us. Please do not submit your personal data to us if you do not wish us to collect it. We might collect your personal information in situations such as:
If you sign up to our newsletter we may ask for your name and email address so we can effectively communicate our news with you.
If you submit an enquiry we may ask for your name, telephone number and email address. This is so we can effectively return the requested information to you.
If you enter a contest or promotion we may ask for your name, address and email address. This is so we can run the contest effectively and let you know if you have won.
If you submit a CV to us by post, we may ask for your name and email address in order to effectively respond to your application.
If you are to enquire and book a course with us, we may also request and use the following information in order to complete the booking and to enable us to provide a better, more customised course for you:
Payment details
Nationality
Relationship status
Health details (diet, allergies, height, weight, medical conditions, medication)
Photos/videos recorded on the course by our staff,(if you are uncomfortable with us obtaining photographs and videos of you please let one of our coaches know when you arrive on your course and they will ensure that your privacy is maintained.
Use of your information:
You agree that we may obtain, hold, correlate, merge and use your information (including personal information) for the purpose of providing you with our services and ancillary services and for our internal business purposes. These include (without limitation):
Personalising your visits to the site and developing the design and style of the site to improve our services to you.
To inform you about the latest changes to our website, or products or services.
Communication with you.
For market research purposes.
To enable third parties to carry out statistical analyses’, technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf including determining behavioural preferences to manage online advertising.
For strategic development.
For any purpose required by law or regulation.
For accounting purposes.
Sharing Information
We may provide third parties, at our discretion, with certain aggregate statistical data about your use of our websites, which data may include demographic data such as age range and geographic location of groups of user. It will not include information that could personally identify you.
We reserve the right to access and to disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests or requests by applicable regulatory bodies, to operate our systems properly or to protect either ourselves or our other users.
We use WordPress and Moosend to manage our client data, newsletter and newsletter subscribers. If you want to be removed from our newsletter mailing list, you can do so at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email from us, or by contacting us at info@wildfitness.com. If you would like us to remove your data entirely from our systems, please email us at info@wildfitness.com.
We will treat your information with respect.
Monitoring emails:
We may monitor and keep records of email communications which you send to us and other communications with you in accordance with this policy and our other business interests.
Safeguards and Security
No data transmission over the internet can be entirely secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or use of our website.
In addition to our safeguards, your personal information is used in accordance with the Data Protection Act (DPA1998) and in the European Union, from 25th May 2018, by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This provides that the information which we hold about you should be processed fairly and lawfully and should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. The information should, where necessary, be kept up to date and not retained for longer than is necessary.
Changing or accessing your information:
If you would like to receive a copy of, update or remove the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at:
For the attention of the CEO of Wildfitness Ltd
1-7 Park Road,
Caterham,
England,
CR3 5TB.
We will then request identification documents, to ensure that it really is you, before actioning your request.
Cookie Policy
In addition to asking you to submit personal information, we may collect information about you automatically when you visit the site. The collection of information may involve the use of cookies.
A cookie is small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you first visit our site. The cookie allows us to identify your computer and find out details about your last visit. Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer. If you choose not to receive our cookies, we cannot guarantee that your experience with our website will be as quick or responsive as if you do receive cookies.
The information collected by cookies is not personally identifiable, it includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the internet e.g. operating system and platforms, IP address, your browsing patterns and timings of browsing on our website and your geographical location.
If you have any questions about our use of cookies, please email us at info@wildfitness.com
February, 2020
Close Sliding Bar Area
Extras
Corporate
Classes and Workshops
Blog
Press
Discount Codes