http://www.girlscoutswnc.org/en/about-girl-scouts/who-we-are/terms-and-conditions.html
Join
Shop
Forms
Blog
Give
Online Calendar & Registration
Contact Us
ABOUT
ABOUT
OUR COUNCIL
OUR COUNCIL
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
EVENTS
EVENTS
COOKIES
COOKIES
FALL PRODUCT
FALL PRODUCT
CAMP
CAMP
MY GS
MY GS
ABOUTWho We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryLead Like A Girl Scout RenewJoin OUR COUNCIL VOLUNTEERS EVENTS COOKIES FALL PRODUCT CAMP MY GS
Join
Shop
Forms
Blog
Give
Online Calendar & Registration
Contact Us
Who We AreOur ProgramOur HistoryLead Like A Girl Scout RenewJoin
About Girl Scouts
Who We AreTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the official website of Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to
Piedmont, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Our online properties
are comprised of, but not limited to, all pages found under www.girlscoutsp2p.org
including our online store (http://gscp2p.nrostores.com/)
and www.camplikeagirl.org.
These terms and conditions apply to these sites and other sites, and
mobile apps or other online services we operate that link to these
terms (collectively, referred to below as the site).
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using any
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont sites. By using the pages on
this site, you signify your agreement to these Terms and Conditions.
If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use the site.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or
remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms
periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following the
posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Ownership and Restrictions on Use of Materials
Unless
otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations,
designs, icons, photographs, video clips and written and other
materials contained on the site (collectively, the
"Contents") are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade
dress, and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled, or
licensed by Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont or Girl Scouts of
the USA, respectively.
The Contents of the site are intended solely for personal,
noncommercial (other than for the purchase of merchandise from our
site) use by the users of our site. You may view, copy, and print the
Contents displayed on this site subject to the following conditions:
(i) you use the material for noncommercial use only,
(ii) you
keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices,
(iii)
you make no modifications to any materials,
(iv) you do not use
the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our
products, services, or brands, and
(v) you do not download
quantities of materials to a database that can be used to avoid future
downloads from the site.
For purposes of these terms, the use of any such material on any
other website or computer environment is prohibited. No right, title
or interest in any downloaded Contents or software is transferred to
you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not
reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute,
display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in
any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the
Contents, the site, or any related software. You may not attempt to
decompile or reverse engineer any of the software used by Girl Scouts
Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont as part of the websites.
Registration and Account Security
Certain features of
the site provide you with the option of setting up an account for
which you will receive a user ID and password.  User IDs and passwords
are confidential and proprietary.  It is a violation of these Terms
and Conditions for you to: (a) provide any false personal information
on the site, or create an account for anyone other than yourself
without permission, (b) create another account without our permission
if we disable your account, or (c) do anything else that might
jeopardize the security of your account.  You are solely responsible
for any unauthorized use of your user ID and password.
Copyright and Trademark Information
Girl Scouts of the
USA has the sole and exclusive right by virtue of its Congressional
Charter, 36 U.S.C. § 80301 et. seq., to have and use all service
marks, trademarks, emblems, badges, descriptive or designating marks,
and other words now or heretofore used in carrying out its program and
is the owner of the GIRL SCOUTS name, service mark, and trademark, and
of all other associated names, marks, slogans, insignias, logotypes
and designs, including but not limited to the distinctive TREFOIL
design mark, the GSUSA uniforms and other indicia, the names and marks
"Girl Scouts of the United States of America", "Girl
Scout Daisies", Girl Scout Brownies", "Girl Scout
Juniors", "Girl Scout Cadettes", "Girl Scout
Seniors", and "Girl Scout Ambassadors", and such
trademarks and service marks as WHERE GIRLS GROW STRONG, FOR EVERY
GIRL EVERYWHERE, GIRLSPORTS, and GIRL SCOUT COOKIES (hereinafter
collectively identified as the "Intellectual Property").
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont has been granted permission by
Girl Scouts of the USA to use, reproduce and distribute the
Intellectual Property solely in connection with Girl Scouting.
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to
other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
Claims Regarding Copyright Infringements
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. §
512), Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont has implemented
procedures for receiving written notification of claimed copyright
infringement.  We also have designated an agent to receive notices of
claimed copyright infringement. If you believe in good faith that your
copyright has been infringed, you may submit a notice to info@girlscoutsp2p.org. To be
effective, a notice must be a written communication provided to Girl
Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont and must contain:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized
to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; A
description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
infringed; A description specifying the location of the
material that you claim is infringing; Your telephone
number and e-mail address; A statement by you that you have
a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by
you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your
notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or
authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Disclaimer of Warranties
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, Girl Scouts
Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. GIRL SCOUTS
CAROLINAS PEAKS TO PIEDMONT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS
CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT
DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES
IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. Girl
Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT OF THE USE OF THE
MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
Site Contents
Information on any site is provided with the understanding
that Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont is not rendering
professional advice or recommendations. You should not rely on any
information on these pages to replace consultations with qualified
professionals to meet your individual needs.
Inaccuracy Disclaimer
The material in this site could
include technical inaccuracies, typographical errors or omissions. We
reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and
to change or update information at any time without prior notice.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances,
including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we be liable for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that
result from the use of, or the inability to use, any Girl Scouts
Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont site or a site that is linked to this
site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability
or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or
exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our total liability
to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in
contract, tort including, but not limited to, negligence, or
otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Girl Scouts Carolinas
Peaks to Piedmont harmless from and against any and all claims,
damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from
or related to your use of the site or the content you post to the site.
User Comments, Feedback, Submissions and Postings
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont may allow you to
communicate, submit, upload, transmit or otherwise make available
text, images, audio, video and other content through the site
(collectively, the "Submission(s)"), including in the form
of comments, feedback, submissions or other information.  By
transmitting Submissions on or through the site, you grant Girl Scouts
Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide,
royalty-free, assignable, sublicensable license to use, reproduce,
store, modify, display, distribute, prepare derivative works based on,
and transmit such Submissions, and you waive any and all moral rights
and publicity rights in such Submissions.  Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks
to Piedmont will not be required to treat any Submission as
confidential, and will not be liable for any ideas for its business
(including without limitation, product, or promotion ideas) and will
not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may
appear in future Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont business.
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont will be entitled to use the
Submission for any noncommercial or other purpose whatsoever, without
compensation to you or any other person sending the Submission. You
acknowledge that you own whatever material you submit, and use of your
Submission by Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont will not
infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
You may not make any Submissions that (i) are or may reasonably be
considered to be, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious,
defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of
another's privacy, bigoted, hateful, or racially, ethnically or
otherwise offensive or objectionable, (ii) violate any law, statute,
ordinance, or regulation (including, but not limited to, those
governing export control, intellectual property, consumer protection,
unfair competition, anti-discrimination, or false advertising), or
(iii) are known to you to be false, inaccurate, or misleading.
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont has the right, but not the
obligation, to monitor, screen, block, post, remove, modify, store and
review Submissions or any other communications sent through the site,
at any time and for any reason, including to ensure that Submissions
conform to these terms, without prior notice to you.  We are not
responsible for, and do not endorse or guarantee, the opinions, views,
advice or recommendations in any Submissions posted or sent by users.
Reporting of Abusive or Unlawful Submissions or Content
If you have knowledge of abusive, infringing or otherwise
unlawful Submissions or other content on the site, we want to know.
Please send an e-mail to info@girlscoutsp2p.org
describing the content or conduct in detail, including the website
address where the content is found and the date and time viewed, and
we will investigate removing this material from the site.  For claims
regarding alleged copyright infringement, see the contact information
in that section above.
Links to Other Websites and Services
This site may be
linked to other sites and services that are not maintained by Girl
Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont. Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to
Piedmont is not responsible for the content of those sites.
Consequently, we cannot be held responsible for the accuracy,
relevancy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material
contained in sites listed on or otherwise linked to the site. The
inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Girl
Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont. Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to
Piedmont makes no representations whatsoever about any other website
which you may access through this one.
Please exercise discretion while browsing the Internet. These other
sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, solicit
personal information, or contain information that you may find
inappropriate or offensive. Please keep in mind that whenever you give
out personal information online that information can be collected and
used by people you don't know. While Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to
Piedmont strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we
cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online;
you make such disclosures at your own risk.
We reserve the right to disable links from third-party sites to the site.
Jurisdictional Issues
This publication is distributed internationally and may
contain references to programs, products and services that are not
available in your country, state or particular location. These
references do not imply that Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont
intends to announce or provide programs, products or services in your
country, state or particular location.
Unless otherwise specified, the Contents on any site are presented
solely for these purposes of promoting programs, products, services
and other content available in the United States and its territories,
possessions and protectorates. Those who choose to access a site do so
on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local
laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
General Provisions
These Terms and Conditions will be
governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of North
Carolina, United States of America, excluding its conflicts of law
rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any
claim or action arising out of or relating to these Terms and
Conditions or your use of the site shall be filed only in the federal
courts located in North Carolina.  If any part of these Terms and
Conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be
deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability
of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for
illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This
is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of
this site.
Girl Scouts Carolinas Peaks to Piedmont can revise these Terms and
Conditions at any time by updating this posting.
Termination
These terms are effective until terminated by either party.
You may terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of the
site and destroying all Contents obtained from the site and all
related documentation and all copies and installations thereof,
whether made under these terms or otherwise. Your access to the site
may be terminated immediately without notice from us if in our sole
discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these
terms. Upon termination, you must cease use of the site and destroy
all Contents obtained from the site and all copies thereof, whether
made under these terms or otherwise.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
800-672-2148