http://www.sailing.org.sg/ssf_wordpress/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Learn To Sail
Kids
Adults
Teach
FAQ
Events
NSC Cup 1
Calendar of Events
Registration
High Performance
COVID-19 FAQ
Policies
Sailor Rankings
spexCarding
Support Schemes
Pathway
Marina Bay
Marina Bay
FAQ
News
About Us
AGM 2020
About Us
Our People
Sustainability
Affiliates
Reference Documents
Annual Report Archive
Careers
Support Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Fashion
Style
Beauty
Privacy Policy
The Singapore Sailing Federation (SSF)’s Data Protection and Privacy Policy (“Policy”) reflects how the SSF collects, stores and uses the personal data received/obtained (intentionally or otherwise) of visitors to SSF’s events, websites and pages on various third party and social media sites and apps where the SSF has a presence (“Personal Data”).
Please read the following provisions to understand how SSF uses the Personal Data collected. By providing your Personal Data to us, you are consenting to this Policy and the collection, use, access, transfer, storage and processing of your Personal Data as described in this Policy.
1. Collection of Personal Data: SSF may request some or all of the following information from all candidates:
* Your personal information such as your name, age, gender, nationality, NRIC or passport number, and;
* Your contact information such as your postal address, telephone and mobile numbers, email address and user name on various Social Media websites, and;
* Your children’s name, age, school, gender, nationality, NRIC, passport number,
Some of the above data are required for the specific purpose of registration for sailing courses and regattas that we organise. If you fail to provide this data as requested, we may be unable to allow you to take part in our courses, regattas and events. Please note that if you provide us Personal Data relating to a third party (e.g. spouse, children), you represent and warrant that the consent of said third party has been obtained for the collection, use and disclosure as set out herein.
3. Purposes for Collection, Use and Disclosure: We may use the Personal Data you provide for one or more of the following purposes:
(a) To process and administer your application to enroll in a sailing course or to participate in regatta
(b) To provide access to our websites and our pages on social media websites.
(c) To process your purchase of our online products and/or services available at any of our websites and/or through other telecommunication channels
(d) For sending notices of meetings, events, regattas and gatherings
(e) For identification and verification purposes in connection with your registration or participation in any of the meetings, events or gatherings organised by SSF
(f) To contact you regarding your enquiries.
(g) To disclose to any third party in order to comply with any law, legal requirements, orders, directions or requests from any court, authority or government body of any jurisdiction, which may be within or outside of Singapore, as being in force from time to time
(h) To improve our security, including, in relation to the processing of payment by credit card to guard against the risk of fraud, carrying out matching procedures against databases of known fraudulent transactions (maintained by us or third parties)
(i) to maximise your user experience.
Third Parties and Data Intermediaries
4. Servers: SSF’s websites are hosted on third party servers. When you access our websites, data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed) may be collected by the servers hosting our websites. This data may be used to monitor the attractiveness of our Web sites and improve their performance or content.
5. Cookies: When you view one of our websites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognize your computer or mobile device next time you visit. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example to store your password to save you from having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
6. Email: The singaporesailing.org.sg email service is powered by Google Mail. Please note that the terms and conditions and the privacy practices of this service are governed by Google.
7. Paypal/Stripe: We use Paypal and Stripe as our payment gateway partners. Please note that the use of such service is governed by the terms and conditions and privacy practice of Paypal and Stripe.
8. Other Websites: Our websites may contain links to other sites that are operated by third party companies with different privacy practices. Please read the privacy statements of other websites carefully. We have no control over data that you submit to or receive from these third parties.
9. No Other Disclosure: Other than for the uses mentioned above, SSF does not otherwise divulge your Personal Data to any individual or organisation for any purpose.
10. No Marketing: Phone Calls and SMS –
(a) SSF does not make cold calls or marketing calls of any nature.
(b) Phone calls and SMSs may be made for the following purposes –
(i) To respond to any enquiry by or deal with any matter regarding sailing courses or regattas.
(ii) To coordinate attendance for any pre-arranged event, meeting or gathering of members.
11. Retention of Personal Data: Your Personal Data is retained to the extent one or more of the purposes/situations it was collected remains valid and for other legal or business purpose for which retention may be necessary.
12. Access to and Correction of Personal Data: You may request reasonable access to your personal data in the possession and control of SSF subject to payment of a fee. Please ensure that personal data provided to us is correct.  If it is inaccurate, please tell us so we can correct the inaccuracy.
13. Variations to this Policy: Our privacy notice may be updated from time to time. The latest privacy notice will be posted at our website.
14. For request to access your personal data or correct any inaccuracies, or for any clarification on this privacy notice, please contact our data protection officer at dpo@singaporesailing.org.sg.
© 2020 Singapore Sailing FederationPrivacy Policy