http://www.shademountainwinery.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to Shade Mountain Winery!
You must be at least 21 years of age to enter this site. Are you?
Yes
No
This site uses cookies. By clicking "Yes" above and entering our site you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions, Privacy & Cookie Policy, and that you are at least 21 years of age.
Our Family
Our Wines
White
Red
Sparkling
Blush Wines
Fruit Wines
Specialty Wines
Food / Gift Items
Personalized Labels
Our Winery
Our Vineyard
Find Our Wine
Wine Sampling
Plan A Visit
Events
Contact Us
We have tasting flights at our Winery in Middleburg!
Select 5 wines to sample for $10 and enjoy on our deck overlooking the vineyard!
Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard makes the same firm commitment to privacy for our Web site visitors as for our customers using our web-hosted service. We created this Online Privacy Policy to give you confidence as you visit and use the Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard site, located at shademountainwinery.com and to demonstrate our commitment to the protection of your privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Web site, and not to any other Web sites that you may be able to access from the Web site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy. By using the Shade Mountain Winery and Vineyard site, you are agreeing to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to revise the Privacy Policy, we will post a notice at least thirty days prior to making any material changes. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. Your continued use of the Web site, including use after the posting of any changes to these terms, will be deemed acceptance by you of the Privacy Policy.
Notice Concerning Children
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard Web site visitor is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information regarding that visitor.
Information Collection Practices
What Basic Information Does Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard Collect?
You can visit the Web site to read information about our company, products, and services without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. In operating the Web site, Shade Mountain Winery and Vineyard includes optional information request forms such as Newsletter subscription forms, and general contact request forms that request your name, company, title, phone number, email address, URL, address and other information to help us determine your needs related to our products and solutions and in order for you to download or view documents or other information through the Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard Web site. We use this information to send updates about our company and to contact you if requested or necessary. Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard also collects billing information such as credits and eCheck data via our partner WooCommerce. Depending upon your request, Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard may also ask for additional information, such as how you heard about us. This information is provided by you on a voluntary basis only and is not required by us in order for you to use and enjoy the Web site. Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard uses the information that we collect on the Web site to contact you to further discuss your interest in our company, our services, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as marketing promotions and events. This information may also be used to improve the services we provide you. We use this information to improve the way that we provide our services to our clients, to relay administrative information. The information is collected and stored in a manner that is appropriate for the nature of the data that we collect, and the need to fulfill your request. Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard does not share, sell, rent, or trade PII with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Automatic Collection
Our servers automatically recognize visitors’ IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet), domain names, the activity of the visitor’s browser when the visitor is viewing the Web site; the site path of visitors; the time visitors come to the Web site and length of visit. No personal information about you is revealed in the process. The Web site may also gather anonymous traffic data that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer and Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard reserves the right to publish such anonymous, aggregate summary information regarding its visitors for promotional purposes.
Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard uses “cookies” and “web beacons” to collect data. A cookie is a small text file containing a random and unique identifier that either Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard or its third party web analytics provider on behalf of Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (unless you set your browser to reject cookies) that enables Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard or its third party web analytics provider’s system to recognize your browser. Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard uses cookies to track your movement through the Web site and verify the login status of client using products or services linked directly within the Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard Web site. Cookies are also used to track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs) are typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1-pixel x 1-pixel) that is placed on a site and used by Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard and its third party web analytics provider in combination with cookies to help us understand how you interact with the Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard Web site. We use web beacons to measure visitor behavior, to help us improve visitor experience, and to manage site content.
Cookies
We use cookies to try and give you a better experience. Our privacy policy details how we use these cookies. If you don’t like cookies, you can disable them from your browser. Please note that our service relies heavily on these cookies, and some portions of our site may not work properly if you disable cookies. Cookies allow us, among other things, to combat fraud; and analyze how our services are performing.
By continuing to use our site, you agree to the way we use cookies and agree with the reasons described in our Privacy Policy, unless you choose to disable them altogether through your browser.
You have a variety of tools to control cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls from some third-party analytics service providers to opt out of data collection through web beacons. Your browser and other choices may impact your experiences with our services.
Security and Privacy
Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard web site uses security measures to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard takes care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors’ security and privacy.
Also, as with the data we collect on behalf of our clients, we reserve the right to disclose any data we collect at our Web site if required by law or valid order of a court or other governmental authority or to protect the health and safety of Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard employees or the general public.
Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other web sites to which we link. We encourage our visitors to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that they visit.
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Updating and Choice/Opt-Out
Visitors who request information on our web site have the following options for reviewing, modifying and deleting any personally identifiable information that has previously been provided to Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard, as well as unsubscribing (opting out) to avoid receiving future communications from us.
If you are subscribed to receive newsletter or commercial emails from us, you may send us a request to unsubscribe from receiving such emails at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions within the email. We will comply with your unsubscribe request within 24 hours after receipt of such request (or shorter time period, if required by law).
Notifications and One-Time E-mails
Upon successfully submitting information to us such as making a purchase, booking a reservation, entering a sweepstakes, completing a survey or any other related action where you voluntarily provide us information, we reserve the right to send you an e-mail notification (either a single message or a finite campaign) pertaining to that event where no opt-out is required.
Blog disclosure
If you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
Testimonials
We may post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. We do obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard. Please be aware that we, Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyard, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site. Please be aware that this privacy statement only covers shademountainwinery.com.
Legal disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or this web site, please contact us directly at shademtwinery@gmail.com.
CONTACT US
16140 Route 104
Middleburg, PA 17842
Phone: 570.837.3644
Fax: 570.837.9834
Email: shademtwinery@gmail.com
Directions: Visit Us
Middleburg Winery Hours
Monday-Thursday
10am-5pm
Friday
10am-6pm
Saturday
10am-5pm
Sunday
12pm-5pm
E-NEWSLETTER
First NameLast NameEmail Address
SITE MAP
Home
Our Family
Our Wines
Our Winery
Events
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
In Association With
©2020 Shade Mountain Winery & Vineyards. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy   |   Site Map   |   Site Development
Our FamilyOur Wines
WhiteRedSparklingBlush WinesFruit WinesSpecialty WinesFood / Gift ItemsPersonalized Labels Back
Our Winery
Our VineyardFind Our WineWine SamplingPlan A Visit Back
EventsContact Us
× Close Panel