http://www.thecrossings.co.nz/privacy-policy/
home / privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by Yealands Estate Winery and Vineyard Limited, New Zealand.
Your privacy is important to Yealands Estate Wines Limited (referred to in this Privacy Policy as we, our or us).
This Privacy Policy governs our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and has been prepared in accordance with our obligations and your rights set out in the Privacy Act 1993.
We may modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an updated version on our website (at www.yealands.co.nz/privacy-policy) (Site).
By continuing to use the Site or any of our products and services you consent to any such modifications or amendments.
This Privacy Policy Explains:
How we collect personal information;
The kind of personal information we collect;
How we use, and may share, your personal information;
How we use cookies and log files;
Responsibility for personal information collect through linked third party websites;
How you can access/amend your personal information;
How long we hold personal information; and
Who you can contact for further information
How We Collect Personal Information:
We collect personal information about you by the following means:
When you enquire about, or request, any of our products or services;
When you purchase a product or service from us;
When you participate in any competition or prize draw we may run;
When you update your information on the Site;
When you contact us;
When we otherwise provide information, products or services to you; and
Where permitted by law.
The Kind of Personal Information We Collect
We collect the personal information you give us or authorise others to provide to us (which may include your name, date of birth and email address). We may also keep a record of communications we have with you, information we obtain in the course of providing products and/or services to you and any information that you acquire from us.
How We Use and May Share Your Personal Information:
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To contact you about any of the products or services we offer;
To provide you with any product or service that you may register for or purchased from us;
To administer competitions you enter, to contact you if you win a prize and to send the prize to you;
Where you have subscribed or registered to receive any product or service from us, for any specific purpose identified in the relevant terms & conditions;
To reply to your queries;
To comply with relevant laws and regulations;
For any specific purpose which we notify you of at the time your personal information is collected;
For our administrative purposes; and
To improve the products and services we supply.
We may disclose your personal information (including your identity):
To our agents, service providers (including our hosting providers and payment processors) and any other relevant third parties to the extent necessary to provide you with our products and/or services or for administrative purposes (which may include, without limit, confirming your
compliance with any applicable terms & conditions relating to our products or services and addressing any non-compliance with those terms &
conditions);
If we are requested to do so in the course of legal proceedings or other investigations;
To any of our affiliates and related entities;
To any person you authorise us to disclose information about you to; and
Where we are otherwise permitted to do so by applicable law.
Use of Cookies
When you access our Site, we may use “cookies”. A cookie is a small data file that the Site sends to your browser, which may then store it on your system for later retrieval by the Site. The purpose of a cookie is to collect session information to provide you with access to tailored information and services on the Site, and to serve you better when you return to it.
You may, using the browser settings on your device, set your device to accept all cookies; to notify you when a cookie is issued or deleted, or to not receive cookies at any time.
Information supplied by cookies and session information can help us to analyse the profile of the Sites’ visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience.
Responsibility for Personal Information Collected Through Linked Third Party websites
The Site, any news updates or other communications we have with you may contain links to third party websites. Unless expressly stated otherwise, these websites have not been developed by us and are not controlled by us. They are provided for your convenience only, and do not imply that we check, endorse, approve or agree with the privacy practices of the third party websites linked to. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website you visit.
How You Can Access/Amend Your Personal Information
To access the personal information being held by us, or to request a copy, or to request a correction to that information, please contact the privacy officer at info@thecrossings.co.nz.
If you request access to, or a copy of, your personal information, if the information is readily retrievable, then subject to any lawful grounds for withholding, we will provide you with a copy of the personal information we keep about you. If you request a correction and we agree that your personal information needs correcting, we will do so. If we do not correct your information, your correction request will be kept with your personal information that we hold.
How Long We Hold Personal Information
We will keep your personal information for only as long as necessary for use in connection with the purpose for which it was collected.
How you can contact us for further information
If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or personal information we have collected, please contact:
Postal Address: 139 Quay Street, Shed 20, Level 1, Princes Wharf, Auckland 1010
Email Address: info@yealands.co.nz.
Last updated on 6 November 2018.
Yealands Policy
Sustainability and Quality Policies
Yealands Family Wines – Environmental and Sustainability Policy
Yealands Family Wines operates a state of the art winery in Marlborough (Yealands Seaview).
We commit to comply with, and whenever possible, exceed our legal obligations in managing our environmental impact, we also commit to continually improve our environmental performance and reduce our carbon footprint.
At Yealands we set lofty goals. By using technology, creativity, innovation and participation in certified programmes our endeavour is to be the most sustainable winery in the world. Sustainability is at the fore of our thinking, in every aspect of our business.
We are committed to monitor, review and improve our performance in 7 major areas where our activities impact the environment.
These are:
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Energy
Waste, Recycling and Waste Water
Water Usage
Soil and Storage
Air, Odours, Noise and Dust
Legal Compliance
We acknowledge that our business impacts on the environment, the community and the local economy, our pledge is to work with the community and the environment in producing world class wines sustainably.
Our Wines
Sauvignon Blanc
Pinot Noir
Pinot Gris
Wild Pinot Noir
Wild Sauvignon Blanc
Our Estates
Brackenfield
Willow Flat
Medway
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Liquor licence
Privacy Policy