http://www.ascasonline.org/privacyEU.html
ASCASonline.org - Association of Small Collectors of Antique Silver
is a free association between collectors and lovers of antique silver.
We have two aims: to promote friendship between our members and to
spread knowledge of antique silver items, their hallmarks and their
workmanship techniques.
The information, photos and content provided on ASCASonline.org is for information purposes only and,
although from sources that we believe to be reliable, we cannot guarantee its accuracy and reliability.
The content is not for commercial purposes and ASCASonline.org may accept no
liability for the use of any content on its Website. All materials and content of ASCASonline.org is
provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied.
This is a site located in the European Union requesting its visitors to consent the use of cookies.
Sites located in the USA
and outside EU can use cookies without visitor's consent
EUROPEAN UNION - COOKIES CONSENTWe use cookies to personalize content and ads, provide the functions of social media and analyze our traffic. We also provide information about how you use our site to advertising agencies, institutions running web analytics and social media our partners (Google Adsense, Google Analytics, Google+).
View details
Further information
UNIONE EUROPEA - CONSENSO COOKIES
Utilizziamo i cookie per personalizzare i contenuti e gli annunci, fornire le funzioni dei social media e analizzare il nostro traffico. Inoltre forniamo informazioni sul modo in cui utilizzi il nostro sito alle agenzie pubblicitarie, agli istituti che eseguono analisi dei dati web e ai social media nostri partner
(Google Adsense, Google Analytics, Google+).
Visualizza dettagli
Ulteriori informazioni
UNION EUROPÉENNE - COOKIES CONSENT
Nous utilisons les cookies pour personnaliser le contenu et les annonces, assurer les fonctions de médias sociaux et d'analyser notre trafic. Nous fournissons également des informations sur la façon dont vous utilisez notre site aux agences de publicité, des institutions fonctionnant analyse Web et les médias sociaux de nos partenaires
(Google Adsense, Google Analytics, Google+).
Voir les détails
Plus d'information
INFORMATION ABOUT PRIVACY
Itinerariodiviaggio.it
don't collects
direct information about visitors of its site. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when
you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone
number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice or to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here for google
Advertising and
Privacy Policy
INFORMATIVA SULLA PRIVACY
Itinerariodiviaggio.it non raccoglie direttamente alcuna informazione riguardo ai visitatori del sito.
Per pubblicare gli annunci sul nostro sito web
utilizziamo aziende pubblicitarie indipendenti. Queste aziende possono utilizzare questi dati (che non includono il tuo nome, indirizzo, indirizzo
email o numero di telefono) sulle tue visite a questo e altri siti web per creare annunci pubblicitari
su prodotti e servizi che potrebbero interessarti. Se desideri ulteriori informazioni a questo proposito e per conoscere le opzioni disponibili per
impedire l'utilizzo di tali dati da parte di queste aziende, clicca qui per google
Pubblicità
e
Norme sulla Privacy
REGLES DE CONFIDENTIALITE
Nous utilisons un tiers de publicité pour diffuser des annonces lorsque vous visitez notre site Web. Ces sociétés mai
utiliser de l'information (qui n'inclut pas votre nom, adresse, adresse e-mail ou numéro de téléphone) relatives à vos visites sur ce point et d'autres
sites Web afin de fournir des publicités sur des biens et services qui vous intéressent. Si vous souhaitez plus d'informations sur cette pratique
et de connaître votre choix de ne pas avoir cette information utilisées par ces sociétés, cliquez ici pour google
Publicité
et
Règles de confidentialité
This is the Cookies Consent and Privacy page of ASCAS - Association of Small Collectors of Antique Silver.
ASCAS is a free association between collectors and lovers of antique silver.
We have two aims: to promote friendship between our members and to
spread knowledge of antique silver items, their hallmarks and their
workmanship techniques.
The association carries out its activity on the internet within this
website http://www.ASCASonline.org . Its objectives are to host articles supplied by members on matters of common interest, to report links to websites related to silver and its hallmarks and to devote some pages to illustrate the most interesting pieces owned by our members