http://www.champdogsforum.co.uk/privacy.html
Champdogs Information Exchange
Forum
Breeders
Help
Search
Board Index
Active Topics
About Us
Introduction
County Computer Consultants Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. This page sets out our privacy policy for the Champdogs Forum and explains how your personal information (any information about you which is personally identifiable eg. your name or email address) will be used.
By accessing and continuing to use the website, you accept the terms of this privacy policy. Please note that we may update and amend the privacy policy from time to time and any changes will be posted here. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 13/06/2010.
If you have any queries relating to the privacy policy then please contact admin@champdogs.co.uk.
Information we hold about you
When you register for Champdogs Forum by completing the registration form you supply us with personal information. The forum software also stores information required for its operation including last logged on time and post read times. In addition we use a cookie to store your login status.
We do not hold any personal information about non members
How we use information about you
The information we hold is purely used for the operation of the Forum.
Your personal data will not be sent to other third parties and will remain confidential.
Third Party Advertising
We use Google to serve ads when you visit the Forum. Google may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visit to Champdogs Forum and/or other sites on the Internet.
Forum members and visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. To find out more information click here.
Google Analytics
Champdogs Forum uses Google Analytics code on its pages. Google Analytics is Google's free web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how their visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics collects information anonymously, and much like examining footprints in sand, it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Analytics uses its own cookie to track visitor interactions. The cookie is used to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve their website and how people find it. A different cookie is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites. To disable this type of cookie, some browsers will indicate when a cookie is being sent and allow you to decline cookies on a case-by-case basis. In addition to declining cookies, you can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on in your browser, which prevents Google Analytics from collecting information about your website visits. Click Here to Learn more about the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on and other Google Analytics privacy information.
Powered by mwForum 2.29.6 © 1999-2015 Markus Wichitill
About Us - Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy