http://www.yachtsbhc.com/privacy-policy.html
You are here:
Home
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for (http://www.yachtsbhc.com). This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. To book your charter we will need to share your information with the yacht and its managers.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Unsubscribe from our newsletters.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit your information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Cookies
Some of our business partners may use cookies/javascript on our site (for example, Google Analytics. Jivosite) to collect information about you such as location, computer type, pages visit, language etc.. While we do use this data for informational purposes we have no control over the information collected.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-478-2029 or via email.
Featured Yachts
Catamaran Dolphin Splash
Welcome aboard the 44 Feet luxury catamaran Dolphin Splash. Dolphin Splash sleeps 6 guests in 3 queen sized beds and cabins.
Catamaran Slivochka
Welcome aboard the luxury catamaran Slivochka, a 59-foot luxury crewed catamaran based in the world’s most magnificent island hopping location, the British Virgin Islands.
Motor Yacht Starfire
Motor Yacht STARFIRE is 178 feet in length (54M). Her max speed is 15 knots and cruises at 12 knots.
STARFIRE has the latest and most technologically advanced communication system in the industry.