http://www.bearmountainrv.com/terms-and-condition
Terms and Conditions – Bear Mountain RV
Reserve your site today
HomeAbout UsFacilities & ServicesReservationsResourcesLocal Events
Terms and Conditions
jeff
2019-12-11T12:04:15-08:00
Terms and Conditions
Bear Mountain RV Park Payment, Cancellation and Refund Policy
A payment of 100% of reservation fee is required at time of booking. Advanced payments made over the internet are to be paid by credit card. By providing a credit card number you are authorizing Bear Mountain RV Park to bill the full amount of reservation, including any costs accrued while at the property, and any outstanding balances not paid at the time of departure.
Service charges may be charged for any changes to the reservation. One change to a reservation will be allowed without incurring any service charge. Subsequent changes to the reservation will be charged $5.00 per change.
Cancellations are subject to a minimum $10.00 cancellation fee. Reservations cancelled less than seven days prior to check in will be charged a cancellation fee equal to the first night of the reservation.
Rules & Regulations
Pets
Special permission to keep a house pet in the Park must be obtained from Park Management. A house pet is defined as a pet that spends its primary existence within the RV. Park Management reserves the right to deny a Resident a pet if a proposed pet would pose a threat to the health and safety of Residents of the Park. No more than two (2) dogs or cats are permitted in addition, resident may keep a maximum of two (2) birds and/or (1) aquarium.
A) The types of pets permitted are: a domesticated bird, cat, dog, or aquatic animal kept within an aquarium. Only medium sized cats or dogs (which, at maturity, do not exceed 50 pounds in weight) are permitted. Pit Bulls, Chow Chows, Rottweilers, Dobermann Pinschers and other aggressive breeds are expressly prohibited.
B) Non-house pets (including farm animals) are prohibited under any circumstances. Strange and exotic pets are not permitted.
C) After moving into the Park, a pet may not be acquired without written pennission from the Park Management Park Management must approve all pets before application to rent is accepted.
D) If a pet is lost or dies, written permission to acquire a new pet must be obtained from Park Management.
E) If any of the rules regarding pets is violated, and such violation is noted by Park Management or a valid complaint is made by another Resident, the Resident owner of the pet will receive an official notice in writing stating that the right to keep a pet within the Park is terminated.
The following rules must be strictly followed by all pet owners:
1) Each pet must be licensed and inoculated in accordance with local law. Evidence of licensing and inoculation shall be submitted to Park Management within seven (7) days of receipt of written request for such infonnation.
2) All pets must be registered with office prior to bringing pet into park
3) Maximum of two (2) quiet well-mannered pets are allowed per site.
4) Pets must be on a leash when not inside the RV.
5) All pets are to be kept inside at night and are never to be left unattended.
6) Any pet running loose in the Park will be turned over to SPCA or other authority. Recurring violations of this rule will lead to the loss of the privilege to maintain a pct.
7) Pets will not be allowed in the clubhouse or any park building at any time.
8) Pets will not be allowed to cause any disturbance which might annoy neighbors, including, but not limited to, barking, growling, biting or any other unusual noises or damage. Under no condition is a pet to invade the privacy of anyone’s site, flower beds, shrubs, etc. Pet owners are responsible at all times for their pets, including injury, destruction, and annoyances to other Residents, and the Park and Park Management shall not be liable for any loss, damage or injury of any kind whatsoever caused by Resident’s pet.
9) No exterior pet housing is permitted in the Park. This includes, but is not limited to, any type of confining barricade or structure. Small temporary pet pens may be used as long as they are stowed inside or under RV while not in use.
10) Visitors are not permitted to bring any pet into the Park.
11) Feeding of stray cats and other animals is prohibited.
12) The tying up of pets outside the RV and/or leaving them unattended outside is prohibited.
13) No tying up of pets to any park property at any time.
14) If Resident’s pet is allowed to exercise in Resident’s yard or elsewhere, all excrement must be picked up, wrapped in paper and placed in the trash immediately (bags are available throughout the park).
15) Park Management encourages pets to be spayed or neutered. However, in the event of offspring, Park Management must be immediately notified and written permission of Park Management must be obtained for the offspring to stay in the Park for a temporary period not to exceed eight (8) weeks.
Privacy Policy
Bakersfield Bear Mountain RV Park is committed to protecting your private information. This Privacy Policy applies to the http://www.bearmountainrv.com website and governs the date we collect and use from said website. By using the www.bearmountainrv.com website you consent to the data collection practices described within this policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
Bear Mountain RV Park may collect personal information such as: name, address, telephone number etc. If you make reservations or purchase products and/or services we may also collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the transaction and to make your experience with Bakersfield Bear Mountain RV Park as easy and enjoyable as possible. We may also gather additional personal and non-personal information to maintain a high standard of service and to provide general statistics regarding the www.bearmountainrv.com website.
Use of Personal Information
Information collected by Bear Mountain RV Park will collect and use your personal information to operate the website and to provide the services that you have requested. Bear Mountain RV Park may also use the information to keep you informed of products and/or services that we believe would be of interest to you. Bakersfield Bear Moountain RV Park may also use the personal information to contact you for surveys or opinions about your experience at Bear Mountain RV Park. Bear Mountain RV Park will not sell, rent or lease any of our customer information or lists to any third parties. Bear Mountain RV Park may share personal information with one of our trusted partners to help with statistical analysis and/or to contact you on our behalf for customer service, surveys etc. All third parties will be prohibited from using that information except to provide those services that we request. Those third parties are also required to maintain the confidentiality of all personal information.
Bear Mountain RV Park will disclose, without notice, any personal information required by law or if we have reason to believe that such action is necessary to abide with the law or comply with legal process served on Bear Mountain RV Park; protect and defend the rights or property of Bear Mountain RV Park; and act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of guests of Bear Mountain RV Park or the public.
Guest User Wi-Fi User Disclaimer
The Bear Mountain RV Guest connection is an open Wi-Fi (wireless) internet access and is not a secure form of connection. The Bear Mountain RV Guest Wi-Fi connection is a free public internet service provided by Bear Mountain RV Park. Access is completely at the discretion of the park, and may be blocked, suspended, or terminated at any time for any reason including, but not limited to violation of this Agreement, actions that may lead to liability for Bear Mountain RV Park, disruption of access to other users, networks or third-party, or violation of applicable laws or regulations. Bear Mountain RV Park may revise the TOS (terms of service) at any time. You must accept this Agreement each time you use the Bear Mountain RV Guest wireless access and the user is accountable for reviewing the terms each time the service is access.
User Agreement:
The Bear Mountain RV internet access points are placed in selected areas across the park and allows for guests with mobile devices to connect to the Wi-Fi (wireless) Internet. By clicking on the “Accept” button you are connecting to the Wi-FI network as a Bear Mountain RV guest and are agreeing to abide by all laws, and all state and federal rules, and regulations applicable to Internet use.
Wireless Internet access is by nature a non-secured connection method. Any information being sent or received over the Bear Mountain Guest wireless network could potentially be intercepted by another wireless user. Cautious and informed wireless users should not transmit their credit card information, passwords, and any other sensitive personal information while using a wireless “hot spot”.
Bear Mountain RV has no control over the information available on the Internet and cannot be held responsible for content or accuracy. Bear Mountain RV cannot be held responsible for any confidential or financial information patrons may send over the Wireless Internet. All communication over the Bear Mountain RV Guest connection is subject to monitoring.
Terms and Conditions of Use:
Guests will need a notebook/laptop computer or other mobile device with a wireless card or connection that supports N 802.2 Wi-Fi or latest standards. Bear Mountain RV assumes NO responsibility for the safety of the equipment used. By using the free Bear Mountain RV Guest wireless internet service, you are agreeing to the disclaimer set forth above.
Copyright 2020 Bear Mountain RV | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Website design by Wicked Web Design
X