http://www.bobcampbell.co.nz/help/
Bob's Reviews
Browse Wines
Have an account?
Sign in
Home
Tour
About
Courses
Don't have Full Individual or Trade membership?
If you are an iPhone Only member, all you have to do is download the app and sign in to view Bob's reviews and rating.To access Bob's ratings and reviews on this website, please upgrade to a Full Individual or Trade Membership.
Frequently Asked Questions
Bob Campbell's Ratings and Reviews
Bob Campbell's rating and review in Taste Magazine and Gourmet Traveller WINE Magazine are different. Why?
Bob sometimes reviews a wine more than once. A rating and review reflects a snapshot of a wine at that point in time. Other tasting sessions might produce a different result.
I saw a wine at a different price than what you claim here.
Wine prices on BobCampbell.nz are only indicative and in most cases reflect what the winery stated as their recommended retail price when the wine was submitted for tasting. We do not verify, check or update pricing data at retailers or restaurants.
How is a winery rating calculated?
We calculate a weighted average that includes the winery's top 5 wines of the past 5 years.
How are benchmark prices calculated?
It's simply the average of wines with the same blend, rating, country and vintage.
For example, we calculate an average price of all 92pt Australian Shiraz from 2008.
Tasting Process
How do I get my wines tasted and will their ratings and reviews be published online?
Please complete the new wine tasting submission form at The Real Review.
Wine and Winery Information
Some winery or wine details such as name, blend, region or price are incorrect. How can I change them?
Please send an email with the correct details to winery@corkscore.com. Our wine information team will update it.
My wines aren't represented and I'd like them reviewed. Where do I send the samples?
Please click here for Bob Campbell's tasting calendar and submission guide.
You are missing wines from a winery!
If they aren't listed, we most likely haven't received a sample. If you are affiliated with the winery, send over a bottle and it will be rated. Click here for Bob Campbell's tasting calendar and submission guide.
Image guidelines for wineries
Make sure your winery's listing is picture perfect. Please email your images to winery@corkscore.com. We accept winery logos, label-only and full wine bottle images. For wine images, we prefer label-only shots.
High-resolution image file (width/height greater than 1280px)
Minimum dimensions: width and height should each be no less than 640px
Preferably deep-etched
Preferred file format: PNG, with a transparent background
PNG, TIFF, BMP, JPG and PSD formats are accepted
TIFF, BMP, JPG and PSD formats are accepted
Maximum file size: 15MB
Label-only and whole-bottle shots may be vintage specific or generic
Commercial Usage
I'd like to use a review published on BobCampbell.nz in my own marketing material.
You must hold an active Winery Starter, Winery Plus, Retail Starter or Retail Plus membership for the duration of commercial usage.
My wine has been given a gold/silver/bronze ribbon. Do you have stickers that I can put on my bottles?
Yes, we do! Learn more and order them by clicking here. If you subscribe to a Winery Plus or Retail Plus plan, you are able to use the ribbons in your marketing materials and get a special member price too. You can find some helpful marketing materials here.
Can we get access to the ratings to publish them on our retail site?
All content is subject to copyright and licensing fees apply. See our Winery plans and Retail plans. Electronic API access can be provided against a licensing fee. Contact management@corkscore.com for details.
Can I advertise on the site?
Please contact management@corkscore.com.
Privacy
I don’t want other people to see my reviews and/or GPS location. Can I make my reviews private?
Yes, you can control the review privacy settings when you create a review. Privacy for reviews and location can be controlled separately.
Tech Questions & Troubleshooting
Supported web browsers
We support the following web browsers:
Firefox 3.5 and above
Safari 4 and above
Chrome 5 and above
Internet Explorer 9 and above
The website doesn't work/I can't find the sign in button!
You'll need to make sure you have Javascript enabled in your web browser.
Javascript-blocking extensions such as NoScript will interfere with the website's normal function.
Please check with your browser vendor on how to enable Javascript (it's normally enabled).
Hey, something went wrong with the website!
We suggest you first empty your browser's cache and try again. If this doesn't help, please email us at team@bobcampbell.nz and we will address it as soon as we can.
Subscriptions and Accounts
I've forgotten my password/I need to reset my password
Please click the "Sign in" button, and then "Forgot Password?".
Submit your account's email address. We'll reset your password and email it to you.
You can update your password once you're signed in by clicking the "Settings" button and then "Account".
I bought a 1 year membership inside the iPhone app and would like to upgrade to the Full Individual Membership.
It's quite simple to upgrade. Simply visit our membership page, select Full Individual, and on the following page, instead of creating a new account, just sign in with your existing log in details.
Complete the rest of the sign up process as normal, and that's it.
How do I cancel my subscription?
Please email us at team@bobcampbell.nz.
Subscribe to our
Free Newsletters
Email
First Name
Last Name
Join the mailing list
View previous emails
Services
Take the Tour
Corporate Events
Wine Courses
The Real Review
Help
About
About Bob
How I Score
Wines I Love
Winery Ratings
Contact Us
Memberships
Become a Member
Winery Membership
Distributor Membership
Retailer Membership
Terms & Conditions
Trade
Submit Wine Samples
Order Ribbon Stickers
Marketing Resources
Trade Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Bob Campbell & Corkscore Pty Ltd
BobCampbell.nz and all related servicesare operated by Corkscore Pty Ltd.