https://www.affligembeer.com/global/en/age-gate-privacy-policy/
Change country or language
Global
Change market
Belgium
España
France
Mexico
Nederland
Global
Change language
English
PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. General
Alken-Maes NV., located at Blarenberglaan 3C box 2, 2800 Mechelen, Belgium (“Alken-Maes” or “we” or “us”) is the controller of the processing of all personal data collected through this website dedicated to our brand AFFLIGEM® (the “Website”). Alken-Maes respects your privacy and is committed to keeping your Personal Data secure and managing it in accordance with our legal responsibilities under applicable data protection laws.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information to help you understand our practices regarding any personal information that you give to us or that we collect otherwise in the context of the Website (“Personal Data”).
2. What Personal Data We Collect and How We Use your Personal Data
You can use the majority of our Website without being required to provide any Personal Data to us. For certain services or activities you will need to provide Personal Data for us to be able to provide you the requested service or product or for you to participate in the activity. Requested information on the Website marked with an asterisk is mandatory. If you do not provide the requested information, we will not be able to deliver the service or product to you or you cannot participate in the activity. In addition to information you are required to provide to us in order to participate in activities/campaigns, we collect certain information when you visit our Website.- participation in campaigns, prize draws, contestsIf you take part in contests or events, depending on the campaign, prize draw or contest you will be asked for your name, email address, home address, telephone number and answers to open questions in order to ‘win’. If needed to send you the prizes per regular mail (e.g. as for tickets or products), we will also ask for your physical address or we may ask other specific details needed to award your prize to you. We need this information to process your participation and to be able to communicate with you about your prize or to send the prizes to you. All information about your participation in our campaigns, prize draws and contests will be retained by us for a maximum period of 6 months after the end of the contest. The information will not be used for other purposes if you have not explicitly been informed about these purposes and/or have been asked for prior consent.- information when you contact usIf you visit our Website and have a question or other remark, you can submit our Contact Form. You will be asked to provide your name and email address and obviously information about your request. We will only use this information to respond to your question. We will register your requests, questions and our responses and other actions to handle your request. We will retain all information for 6 months after your question or complaint has been solved or the inquiry was closed.- information about your visit to and use of our WebsiteWe collect certain information when you visit our Website, such as your IP address, which web pages you visit, device category, browser, and type of internet browser, clicks and views. The information about your use of our Website and services enables us to build segments, which are groups of website visitors or customers with a number of common characteristics such as age group, gender or region. We will likely add you to one of our segments. Segments are used by us to customize the Website and to e.g. change the order of search results or where we place certain offers so you are more likely to see these. We may also use segments to show online advertisements that we think are relevant for you and to send you commercial messages.We use this Personal Data as it is necessary in our legitimate interests to do so to be able to promote our products and services to our consumers and website visitors, to enable us to attract more consumers, to improve the sale of our products and services. We will retain the Personal Data for a maximum of 14 months.- marketing; information about your online searches (clicks and views), your setting on our Website, your customer service requests and contact history can be combined by us. This information enables us to use different channels for relationship management and marketing of our products and services to you via e-mail, direct mail, social media, telephone or online advertising which may include personalising Website content and offers so these are tailored to your preferences. You can always opt-out of receiving our newsletter, direct mail, social media and telephone and you can always object to our use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes (for more information about how to do this, read the paragraphs below).We use this Personal Data as it is necessary in our legitimate interests to be able to promote our products and services to our customers and website visitors, to enable us to attract more customers, to improve the sale of our products. We will retain the Personal Data as specified under the relevant purposes for which the Personal Data have been collected (e.g. when contacting us, when visiting our Website, for taking part in prize draws). The Personal Data shall generally be deleted or anonymised within a maximum of 14 months.- maintenance and optimisation of our Website; Your Personal Data will also be used for maintenance and analysis of our Website to solve performance issues, to improve the availability and user experience. We log all use of our Website.Our use of your Personal Data for these purposes is necessary in our legitimate interests and the information will be retained for a maximum period of 14 months The logs of the use of our Website will be deleted within 14 months after creation.
3. How We Share Your Personal Data
We may need to share Personal Data with third parties to help us provide services and products to you and to run our Website. These third parties are:• ALKEN-MAES group companies for the purpose of storing Personal Data processed via the Website, due to shared IT systems• service providers where this is needed to provide us with a service and to provide data analytics services• Service providers that help us organize campaigns and promotions• First and Third party advertising companies• Media agencies for marketing purposes and research purposes• in case ALKEN-MAES sells all or some of the assets or shares of a ALKEN-MAES group company to which Personal Data was transferred to a third party, your Personal Data may be provided to this third party.These parties may be located in the European Union or other countries in the European Economic Area or elsewhere in the world. When Personal Data is stored by us outside the EEA we will ensure an adequate level of protection of the transferred Data. We require service providers to use appropriate measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data.We may also need to provide Personal Data to law enforcement bodies in order to comply with any legal obligation or court order.
4. Security of Personal Data
We will take appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data collected through the Website from misuse or accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, acquisition or access, that are consistent with applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations. However, no internet-based site can be 100% secure and we cannot be held responsible for unauthorised or unintended access that is beyond our control.Our Website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, content or security used by such other websites, which shall not be governed by this Privacy Policy. We advise you to always carefully read the privacy policies on these other websites.
5. Retention of Your Personal Data
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as legally required or for as long as necessary to provide you with any requested services or for any of the other purposes listed in this Privacy Policy. The specific retention term are listed in this Privacy Policy for each of the relevant purposes. We will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify Personal Data we hold if it is no longer needed for the purposes set out above or after the expiration of the defined retention term.
6. Social Media
You may choose to share information on our Website via social media, such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn and YouTube. This means that the information you share, with name and preferences, shall be visible to visitors of your personal pages. We advise you to carefully read the privacy policies of the social media parties as these are applicable to the processing of your Personal Data by these parties.
7. Children's Privacy
The Website is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 18 (or the applicable legal age for consuming the products in question). We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from individuals under the age of 18.
8. Your Rights to Access, Rectification, Deletion, Restriction and Data Portability
You have the right to request an overview of your Personal Data processed by or on behalf of us. You have the right to have your Data rectified, deleted or restricted (as appropriate). You can exercise this right by contacting this webform with a data privacy request. Please note that requests that do not meet the requirements set out by applicable law or ALKEN-MAES guidelines may be requested to be re-issued or ultimately denied and that certain Personal Data may be exempt from such access, rectification and deletion requests pursuant to applicable data protection laws or other laws and regulations. Please note that you can also delete Personal Data by de-activating your user, however we will retain Personal Data where it is legally required for us to do so, which applies e.g. to sales administration.You have the right to receive the Personal Data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and in certain circumstances we will, at your request, transmit your Data to another controller where this is technically feasible.
9. Your Right to Object
You also have a right, in certain circumstances, to require us to stop processing your Personal Data, but where we have compelling legitimate grounds, we will continue processing your Personal Data. However, you have the right to object to our use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling, and when you do so, we will accommodate your request. Where you have provided consent to our use of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent without this effecting the lawfulness of our use of this Data before your withdrawal.
10. Updates
We will keep this Privacy Policy under review and make updates from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our Website page and to the extent reasonably possible, will be communicated to you.
11. Contact
If you have any other question, objection to our use of your Personal Data or a complaint about this Privacy Policy or about our handling of your Personal Data, please contact us via this webform with a data privacy request. You also have the right to file a complaint with your local data protection authority.