https://www.coronadoscout.org/how-to-help/annual-popcorn-sale-campaign.html
Skip to main content
2020 Popcorn Sale
2020 Popcorn Sale
Popcorn sales help to pay for the activities Scouts do, for the camps they attend, and for the equipment they need, like canoes, tents, and uniforms.
Thank you for your support of Scouting.  At CAMP MASTERS Popcorn, we are proud of our relationship with the Boy Scouts of America and the fact we help fund Scouts in your community.  With CAMP MASTERS, 70% of your purchase goes to support local Scouts! Selling popcorn is a great way for Scouts to "Pay Their Way" by earning commission that can go towards camps, gear, and they can earn some great prizes. Camp Masters has a Unit Leader Customer Support line for leaders and parents that's answered 7 days a week. That number is 800-624-2060.
Unit Kernel Information and Forms
Updated Popcorn Calendar 9/24/2020
This is the updated popcorn calendar and should be used through the remainder of the sale.
SNS Add On Order Form
Complete this form to order additional Show-N-Sell product. Once complete email to coronadopopcorn@gmail.com
2020 Popcorn Sale Marketing Guide
A guide for parents and leaders to assist in marketing the 2020 Popcorn Sale.
Popcorn Leader Guide
In this guide you will find information on scout prizes, unit commissions, sell dates, training dates, and more.
Camp Masters Unit Leader Guide
This guide is for Unit Leaders and Kernels. In this guide you will find step be step instructions on how to place orders and set up and send Scout sign-on links.
Unit Kernel Checklist
A checklist for Unit Kernels.
2020 Family Product Guide
The complete family guide (order form) for 2020. This is printable by page.
Initial Order Tool
An effective excel document that can assist your unit in assessing their initial product order requirements.
The guiding factors of the tool are based on the retail dollar product mix contributions customized to your Show and Sell product mix.
How to Place Unit Show and Sell Order
This short video will walk you through how to place your unit Show and Sell order.
Products Available Online
These are the products available for online ordering. Your scout can get credit for online sales by setting up online sales. For instructions on how to set up online sales see Online Sales Set Up Instructions.
Super Salesman Certificate
Certificate to recognize a scout for their sales.
Door Hanger
Editable door hanger with online products. (You will only print pages 2 and 3.)
Cub Scout Thank You Template
Scouts BSA Thank You Template
Join our Facebook Popcorn Group
CAC has a Facebook Popcorn Group! Join the CAC Popcorn Kettle Facebook Group for the latest information about the Popcorn Sale, ideas and selling tips.
Pay Anywhere Registration Instructions
Instructions on how to set up the Pay Anywhere App.
Wrapping Up the Sale Forms
Chiefs Tin Prize Order Form
Scouts who sold 15 or more Chiefs tins will receive an additional prize!
Unit Seller's Roster and Prize Order Form
The unit seller's roster form and prize order form have been combined into one form.
Camp Masters Unit Leader Support And Customer Service 800-624-2060Parent and Scout Information
Family Fact Sheet and Tips
Prize Levels
All council issued prizes for sales this year will be AMAZON gift cards with the exception of Level 1.
Camp Masters High Achiever Prizes
Camp Masters High Achievers Prizes is a program that Camp Masters facilitates. These prizes are in addition to council prizes.
How to Set Up Scout Registration
This video will walk you through how to set up a scout account to sell online. This is step 1.
Scout Registration Video
How to set up a scout account with a scout email (ages 13-18).
How to Set Up Online Sales
A guide on how to set up online sales. (Powerpoint Version)
Complete Your Scout Profile in Camp Masters
This video will walk you through how to complete your scout profile in Camp Masters to promote online sales. This is step 2.
Door Hanger
Editable door hanger for those hard to catch neighbors. Online products are listed on the back.
Scout Sales App Instructions
Instructions on how to download and set up Camp Masters Scout App,
Close