http://www.lagoonpark.com/terms-of-use/
28°
Closed for Season
Español
Currently at Lagoon
28°
Partly Cloudy
Forecast & Park Hours
Today
36° / 23°
Tomorrow
36° / 26°
Saturday
37° / 23°
Sunday
40° / 22°
Monday
38° / 29°
Weather powered by Forecast
Lagoon
What To Do
Rides & Attractions
Lagoon A Beach
Frightmares
Events & Shows
Pioneer Village
Park Info
Schedule & Park Hours
Directions & Parking
Park Map (PDF)
Camping & Lodging
Refreshments
History
Groups
Corporate Parties
Family Events
School Days
Group Discounts
Terrace Reservations
Catering
Schedule Your Event
Jobs
Seasonal Jobs
Post-Season Employment
Live Entertainment
Frightmares Jobs
Year-Round Employment
Fundraising Opportunities
Season Passports
Buy Season Passports
Season Passport Club
Season Parking
Reprint Passports
Tickets
Buy Tickets
Deals & Packages
Group Sales
Reprint Tickets
myFun Guest Portal
myFun Portal
Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Guest Policies
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Need Help?
Contact us to talk to a Guest Services Representative.
Phone
(801) 451-8000
Email
info@lagoonpark.com
Address
375 North Lagoon Drive
Farmington, Utah 84025
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
The terms contained herein govern the use of LagoonPark.com and are applicable to all users of this site. By using this site, you agree to comply with these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to any of these terms, you are hereby notified that you are not allowed to use this site.
Acceptance of the Privacy Policy
Included in the Terms of Use is your agreement to the terms set forth in Lagoon’s Privacy Policy. This policy contains important information with regards to data we collect and how we use it. You agree to read and understand Lagoon’s Privacy Policy before continuing to use this site.
Acceptance of Other Agreements
Aside from the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, Lagoon has other policies, guidelines, and rules collectively known as Guest Policies. These include stipulations that apply to both guests’ use of LagoonPark.com and to the Park.
Intellectual Property
LagoonPark.com and its contents are the intellectual property of Lagoon Corporation, Inc. and are protected by law. Unless otherwise noted, none of the content on LagoonPark.com may be used, copied, downloaded, or transmitted in any form without permission. Permission is given for you to download or print portions of LagoonPark.com for your personal and non-commercial use provided that you do not change or otherwise modify the content.
Trademarks
Lagoon logos, icons, and trademarks are the intellectual property of Lagoon Corporation, Inc. and are protected by law. You are prohibited from displaying or otherwise using these logos, icons, and trademarks without permission.
Disclaimers
No warranties of any kind, either express or implied, are included with the Terms of Service. While we make every effort to provide information that is accurate and up-to-date as well as create an online environment that is secure and free from errors, this site is provided “as-is” and “as-available.”
Limitation of Liability
Lagoon Corporation, Inc., its employees and its agents are not liable for any losses and expenses that may arise during the use of LagoonPark.com and/or the Park, itself. Such losses and expenses may include, but are not limited to, data loss and property loss.
Third-Party Websites
Because we have no control over third-party websites, whose links may appear on LagoonPark.com, we are not responsible for their content and/or their availability.
Modification and Discontinuation
You are hereby notified that the contents and interactive elements of LagoonPark.com may change at any time or otherwise become unavailable.
Waiver
The failure at any time for Lagoon Corporation, Inc. to comply with any provision contained within the Term of Use or to exercise any right provided by these term shall not be construed as a waiver to such a provision or right. All waivers must be in writing.
Severability
If a provision in the Terms of Use is found to be contrary to law by a competent court, said provision only will be changed so as to best accomplish its original objectives to the extent allowed by law.
Jurisdiction
The Terms of Use are subject to the laws of the State of Utah. If you bring legal action against Lagoon Corporation, Inc., you agree such action will be filed only in Davis County for state court proceedings and in Salt Lake County only for federal court proceedings.
Indemnity
You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Lagoon Corporation, Inc., its employees and agents from any loss, liability, claim, or demand made by any third party which may arise due your use of LagoonPark.com in violation of the Terms of Use.
Terms of Use May Change
Lagoon Corporation, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to the Terms of Use at any time and as necessary.
Save Up To 25%
Group Discounts & Catering
Plan Your Stay
Camping & Lodging
We've Got Your Answers
Frequently Asked Questions
Get Special Offers In Your Inbox
Join the Fun Time Club for special email offers and news about upcoming Lagoon events. We respect your privacy and will never distribute your information to 3rd parties.