http://www.stadamsterdam.com/privacy-policy/
This site uses cookies. Why? Click here for more information. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
close [X]
English
Nederlands
booking / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Clipper Stad AmsterdamIt is our goal to make sure that you feel safe with how we treat your personal information. Therefore, our Privacy Policy is in accordance to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
Personal Data ProcessingIn this privacy policy, it is explained what personal data is, what types of personal data we collect, for what purposes said data is collected, how it is processed and what rights you have in this regard. You can rest assured that your data is handled with care.
INDEX:
1. What Is Personal Data2. General Principles for Personal Data Processing3. How We Use Your Personal Data4. Personal Data We Collect and Process5. Where We Store and Process Your Personal Data6. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data to Third Parties7. Retention of Your Personal Data8. Cookies9. Responsible for Processing10 Your Rights11. Data Security12. Changes to Our Privacy Policy13. Contact Details
1. What Is Personal DataPersonal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as your contact information, your booking data or your health information (as per health declaration).
When booking a voyage on the Shipping Company’s vessel(s), you give us your permission to use the necessary data.
2. General Principles for Personal Data Processing by Rederij Clipper Stad Amsterdam B.V. (the Shipping Company)We adhere to the following principles when processing your data:
- We will only collect personal data for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes;- We will not collect personal data beyond what is necessary to accomplish those purposes;- We will not transfer personal data to third parties, except as stated within this statement, or with prior consent;- We will maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing; and except when stated herein.
3. How And Why We Use Your Personal DataWe only collect and process personal data, if at least one of the below-mentioned purposes applies:
- We use your data for registration purposes, reminders, contact details, support and information/marketing of the Shipping Company's services. - All your relevant Personal Data will be forwarded to the - by the Shipping Company appointed - shipping agent and authorities before arrival in a port/country, when we are required to do so.- All your relevant Personal Data will be transferred, processed and locally stored on board the Shipping Company’s vessel(s).- We handle your booking orders and complete booking transactions. Our processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, to which you are a party.- We provide you with relevant booking information and make your future bookings easier by remembering your booking details. Our processing is necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by the Shipping Company, and such processing is not considered to be harmful towards you.- We provide you with customer service, handle your requests or complaints and provide you with support. Our processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, to which you are a party.- For marketing purposes, visits to our websites and social media are reviewed.- We collect your feedback regarding your use of the Shipping Company service by inviting you to complete surveys, questionnaires or feedback forms. Our processing in this regard will be based on your consent thereto. - Accordingly, your data is collected and processed for us to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, for instance, when you book a voyage or contact our booking department. Should you choose not to provide us with the requested and necessary personal data in this regard, we might not be able to satisfy your request.
4. Personal Data We Collect and ProcessWhen you engage with the shipping company via various channels, including our websites, social media and the sales department, we collect and process your data. The personal data that we collect and the process can be categorized as follows:
- Your details, such as your email address, name, phone number, address, personal ID-number, passport copy, nationality, date of birth, next of kin, etc. - Your health details as reported in your health declaration as well as possible correspondence with one of the ship’s physicians.- Your booking information, such as your details as specified above, dates of your booking (s), such as voyage name, booking date. - Your payment information, as it is registered on our bank statements.- Requests for customer support and assistance, containing your details, as specified above, which the Shipping Company may inquire to proceed with your request.- Information provided when completing surveys, questionnaires and feedback forms, such as your details, as specified above, your feedback on your use of the Shipping Company’s service(s) and evaluation of the same, your location information. - Your browser history collected via the use of cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers to remember your preferences, to understand how our website is used and to customize our marketing offerings.
5. Where We Store and Process Your Personal DataAs a general principle, your data is stored and processed within the European Economic Area (EEA). However, your data may be transferred outside EEA between the Shipping Company and its authorized third parties, as specified in section 6 within the purposes for which your data was collected.
In case of transfer of your data to any third countries, as defined in General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), valid law and regulations concerning such transfers are observed, and relevant legal and security safeguards are ensured before such transfer.
6. Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data to Third PartiesAs a general principle, we collect and process data to facilitate or improve the Shipping Company's services. We do not sell your data or share the said data with third parties, except to the extent stated in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your data to third parties to the extent required by law, court order or a decision rendered by a competent public authority and for law enforcement. Also, we may share your data with the following third parties:
- Our company and authorized Shipping Company’s ship’s agents to deliver service and support to you, to enhance our service and your customer experience.- Customs and immigration offices of the ports/countries to whom the Shipping Company or it’s vessel(s) has the legal obligation to present your data before entering said port/country.- Third party vendors carrying out services on our behalf, including billing, sales, marketing, IT support, advertising, analytics, research, customer service, service support, shipping and purchase order fulfillment, data storage, validation, security, fraud prevention, payment processing, and legal services. Such third-party vendors have access to perform these services but are prohibited from using your data for other purposes.- Third parties to establish, exercise or defend legal rights of the Shipping Company.- Third parties in the event of any merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the Shipping Company's assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).- Other third parties subject to your consent.When we disclose your data to a third party (such as customs and immigrations), we take all reasonable steps possible to ensure that those third parties are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations concerning the protection of your data. The disclosure is conducted in compliance with legal requirements, including entering into data processing agreements with the relevant third parties, to ensure that personal data is only processed following our instructions, applicable law and regulations and for the purpose specified by us and to ensure adequate security measures.
7. Retention of Your Personal DataWe keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is collected. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it.
Personal data related to your bookings are kept and processed for seven (7) years from the date of last activity.
Personal data related to your feedback on our products and services is kept and processed for seven (7) years from the completion date of the given survey, questionnaire or feedback form.
Relevant personal information will be deleted after expiry of the above-mentioned periods unless such data legitimately can be kept and processed for other processing purposes, for which we have a legal basis.
8. CookiesWe use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, tags and other identifiers to remember your preferences, to understand how our websites are used and to customize our marketing offerings.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a site, that enables us to: (1) recognize your equipment; (2) store your preferences and settings; (3) understand the web pages of the Shipping Company you have visited; (4), enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (5) perform searches and analytics; and (6) assist with security and administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache while those associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files.
As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including flash cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website. Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to specific features or offerings on our websites.
9. Responsible for ProcessingRederij Clipper Stad Amsterdam, Diemermere 25, 1112 TC Diemen is the data controller and is responsible for the processing of your data.
10. Your RightsYou have right to access and receive the personal data concerning yourself, which you have provided to the Shipping Company.
Should you wish, we encourage you to update your data provided to the Shipping Company any time there are changes in your data. This can be done by contacting the Shipping Company.
Your data can be deleted from the Shipping Company servers by the Shipping Company upon request unless the Shipping Company is entitled or obliged by applicable law and regulations to keep and process such information regardless withdrawal of your consent.
Some of the Shipping Company's processing activities may be based on your individual consent. In such case, you will have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing conducted prior to the withdrawal.If you withdraw your consent, the Shipping Company and third parties involved in personal data processing will cease to process your personal data, unless and to the extent the continued processing or storage is permitted or required according to the applicable personal data legislation or other applicable laws and regulations. Please note that as a consequence of the withdrawal of your consent, the Shipping Company may not be able to meet your requests, provide booking information or provide you with our services.
If you want to report a privacy breach, please contact the Shipping Company by sending your report to the under 13 mentioned contact details.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint or with the handling of your report to the Shipping Company, you may refer same to the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens, Bezuidenhoutseweg 30, 2594 AV Den Haag.
Websites and services of the Shipping Company may contain links to third parties websites, please note that the Shipping Company does not collect or process any sound recordings on its behalf, but only makes available third-party services.
If you choose to use these websites, plug-ins or services, you may disclose your information to those third-parties. the Shipping Company is not responsible for the content or practices of those websites, plug-ins or services. The collection, use, and disclosure of your data will be subject to the privacy policies of these third parties and not this Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of the relevant third-parties.
11. Data SecurityThe Shipping Company is committed to protecting the security of your data. We use necessary organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect your data under control of the Shipping Company, such as control of access, transmission, input, and availability and the separation of data.
Access to online services at the Shipping Company are protected by access restrictions based on username and password. It is crucial that you always choose a password which is hard to guess for others, and protect your password against disclosure.
Your details and your credit card details, if you have provided such to the Shipping Company remain encrypted on Credit Card Company ICS’s secure web servers. Credit card information is directed to one or more approved and certified service provider(s).
All data storage and processing at computer facilities of the Shipping Company as well as at business partner facilities are subject to written data processing agreements.
12. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyThe Shipping Company may modify or update this Privacy Policy when necessary to reflect changes in the Shipping Company products and services, changes in applicable legislation, regulations or practice and to address customer feedback.
If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either by posting a notice or by sending you a notification.
13. Contact DetailsIf you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the Shipping Company's processing of your data, please contact us at:
Rederij Clipper Stad Amsterdam B.V.Att. GDPR representativeDiemermere 251112 TC Diementhe Netherlands
Or by sending an e-mail to sales@stadamsterdam.nl
Written by Reinoud van der Heijden, privacy officer Rederij Clipper Stad Amsterdam
Updated May 23rd, 2018
Upcoming trips and events
Business Sailing
toggle
Event Schedule
Catering possibilities
Photo and Video Business Sailing
The Ship
toggle
The Story of the Stad Amsterdam
Capacity
Clipper Stad Amsterdam Crew
Newsletter
Jobs
QR8
QR1
QR11
QR12
QR4
QR3
QR2
QR5
QR6
Interview with our captain QR
QR9
QR10
QR7
News and blog
Contact us
Webshop
Crew login
Jobs
Newsletter