http://www.hoac-bsa.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Resources
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
The Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America is committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of its members and those who visit its Web site. It is our policy to acquire personal information from users only by overt means, only when it is in the interest of the user to provide it, and to utilize this information only for the purpose it was provided. The information that follows explains the kinds of information the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America Web site collects, how it is used, the conditions under which it is made available to third parties, how information is maintained, and our compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
What information does this site collect and use?
This site collects anonymous data that is not indicative of and cannot be traced to an individual without the cooperation of their Internet Service Provider. This data includes information about the user's remote IP address, referral data (which page "linked" to the present request), and the browser software's user-agent string. This information is accepted passively from the HTTP headers that are sent from the user when requesting any file from the server. Other anonymous data entered by the user may be collected in a common repository.
Personally identifiable data is collected only by means of form interfaces on the site, into which the user must voluntarily enter the information requested. This information is requested only when it is necessary to accomplish the overt purpose indicated by the interface containing the form that requests it. Such interfaces require only the information reasonably necessary to accomplish the overt purpose indicated on the interface.
No attempts are made to covertly or quietly collect personally identifiable information, nor are cookies or any other tracking technology used for the purpose of coordinating information that a user may opt to enter in various interfaces on the site.
What organization is collecting the information?
Information entered by site visitors is retrieved directly by the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America, 10210 Holmes Road, Kansas City, Missouri 64131-4212 - telephone (816) 942-9333.
With whom does the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America share the information that is collected?
The Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America, does not share personally identifiable information about its web site visitors with anyone.
Reports, statistics, and other analyses of aggregate anonymous information may be shared within the organization or provided to third parties at the sole discretion of the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America. This information does not include any personally identifiable information.
Exception: the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America reserves the right to use all information at its disposal and to share this information with ISPs and other third parties as necessary to investigate any incident of misuse or abuse of its site, server, or information systems.
How does the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America maintain the information it collects?
The anonymous information collected is used to monitor the usage of this Web site and the interests of those who use it. Data such as the volume of traffic to the server, the number of visitors a certain section of the site receives each month, or the most popular search terms are analyzed to derive general statistics about the site's reach and the audience's usage patterns.
Personally identifiable information is used only for the express purpose for which it was submitted. For example, if a user completes an online Event Registration, the information collected will only be used for purposes of that event.
How does the Heart of America Council, Boy Scouts of America comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998?
This site does not accept information entered by persons under the age of 18 years old and as such the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998 does not apply.
Policy Modifications
We may modify this privacy policy and will post those changes here. If the privacy policy changes in the future, we will not use any personal information you or an administrator has submitted to us under the current Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your consent.