http://www.markbutler.co.uk/privacy.asp
Home
About Us
Diary
Gallery
Contact
Effective Date: Friday 25th May, 2018
This Privacy Policy applies to Mark Butler Associates Limited. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by Mark Butler Associates Limited when you access our site or call our office, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The use of information collected through our Site shall be limited to the purposes under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service to customers.
1. Information We Collect
(a) Our Service: We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number, email address, or similar, when you enquire about an event or buy event products from us. If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information. We send selected and infrequent promotional emails. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our e-mails.
(b) Access And Retention Of Data Controlled By Our Customers: An individual who is a current or former Mark Butler Associates Limited customer who seeks access or wishes to correct, amend or delete inaccurate data should direct there query to enquiries@markbutler.co.uk.
We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide our services. Mark Butler Associates Limited will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
2. How we use your information
We use the information that we collect to operate Mark Butler Associates Limited Services, send you marketing communications, respond to your questions and send you tickets/event information in the post.
3. How we share your information
Personally Identifiable Information: Mark Butler Associates Limited will not share or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of Mark Butler Associates Limited ("for instance, in a database on a server securely hosted by a third party").
4. Storage and processing
Your information collected through the Mark Butler Associates Limited may be stored and processed in the United Kingdom. Please note that we will not transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
5. How do we keep your data safe
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. We also limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
6. Data access, correction, deletion, and opt out
If at any time you would like to review/update the data we hold on you please contact enquiries@markbutler.co.uk. If you no longer want to hear from us please opt out at the bottom of any of our mail outs.
7. Notification procedures
It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Service, as determined by Mark Butler Associates Limited in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.
8. Links to other web sites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Mark Butler Associates Limited website, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Mark Butler Associates Limited website to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.
9. Changes to our privacy policy
All changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at enquiries@markbutler.co.uk, or send mail to:
Mark Butler Associates, 5 Netherwood Road, London, W14 0BL
Mark Butler Associates | 5 Netherwood Road | London | W14 0BL Twitter @Markbutleruk
Privacy Policy
Tel (00) 44 20 7603 6033
Email: enquiries@markbutler.co.uk