http://www.sailing.ie/privacy-statement
About Us
Contact us
Irish Sailing Staff
Board of Directors
Governance
History, Accounts and Annual Reports
Strategic Plan
Irish Sailing Constitution
Policy Groups
Governance Library
Events
Irish Sailing National Conference
Race Event Management and Support Conference
Training Conference
Club Symposium
Awards
Irish Sailing Cruising Conference
Irish Sailing AGM
Irish Sailing Women at the Helm
Event Sustainability
Entries and Results
Watersports Inclusion Games
Irish Sailing Youth National Championships
Irish Sailing All Ireland Sailing Championships
Irish eSailing National Championship
Zoomposium
Clubs and Centres
Club Development
Try Sailing Event Planning
Regional Development
Irish Sailing Branding
GDPR
Commodore Quarterly News
Tides
Dublin
Galway
Belfast
Cork Harbour
News
Irish Sailing OFFICIAL Notices
Performance
Try Sailing
What to sail
Yachts & Motor Yachts
Small Boats
Powerboat
Windsurfing
Where to Try
Sailability
Watersports Inclusion Games
Women on the Water
Find Clubs
Racing
Irish Sailing Performance
Events Calendar
Team Racing
Sail Numbers
Classes
Guide to Classes
Measurers
Events Calendar
1720
2.4 Metre
29er
49er
420
Beneteau B21
Beneteau First 31.7
Dragon
Drascombe
E-Boat
Fireball
Flying Fifteen
GP14
Howth 17 Footer
ICRA
IDRA14
Irish Windsurfing Association
J-109
J-24
J70
J80
Laser
Mermaid
Mirror
Moth
Multihull
National 18
Optimist
Powerboat Offshore
Powerboat Circuit
Puppeteer
RS 200
RS 400
RS Aero
RS Elite
RS Feva
Ruffian 23
SB20
Shannon One Design
Shipman
Sigma 33
Squib
Topaz
Topper
Waszp
Water Wags
Racing Rules
Race Officials
Valid Race Officials
Race Official Training
Handicapping
In-House Certification
All Ireland Sailing Championships
All Ireland Past Winners
2020 All Ireland Junior Championships
2019 All Ireland Sailing Championships
All Ireland Gallery
2018 All Ireland Junior Championships
2018 All Ireland Championships
Irish Sailing Youth National Championships
Results 2018
Results 2019
eSailing
Training
Find A Training Centre
Training Notices
Courses
Dinghy, Keelboat & Catamaran Sailing
Powerboat
Windsurfing
Motor & Yachting
ICC for Boating Abroad
Inland Cruising
Jet Ski
Marine Engine
Child Protection
Sea Safety
Cara na Mara
Current Scheduled Training Courses
Emergency Care Training
Clubs & Centres
Why Choose Irish Sailing Training?
Become a Centre
Centre Principal
Centre Inspections
Other Roles
Training Guide
Valid Instructors
Instructor Trainers
CPD Revalidation
Disabled Sailing
Club Coaching
Instructor Jobs
Irish Sailing Passport - Clubs & Centres
Instructors
Get Qualified
CPD Revalidation
Advanced Instructors
Senior Instructor
Valid Instructor
Instructor Trainers / Coach Tutors
Instructor Jobs
Coaches
Irish Sailing Passport
Irish Sailing Passport Explained
Shore Leave
Cruising
Irish Sailing Cruising Conference
Visitor Mooring
Boat Owners
Safe TRX
Coastal Routes
Carlingford to Wexford
Wexford to Dungarvan
Dungarvan to Kinsale
Kinsale to Crookhaven
Crookhaven to Dingle
Dingle to Galway
Galway to Clare Island
Clare Island to Killybegs
Cruising Clubs and Associations
Our Environment
Get Ready to be Green and Keep the Waters Blue
My Irish Sailing
Shop
Safeguarding
Health and Wellbeing
Garda Vetting
Governance Library
Coronavirus
FAQ
Document Library
Privacy Statement
Irish Sailing Website is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Irish Sailing Website Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using Irish Sailing Website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Irish Sailing Website collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Irish Sailing Website also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
Irish Sailing also stores any information provided by you in order to avail of Irish Sailing services and products (eg boat details, emergency contact information, garda vetting, memberships etc).
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Irish Sailing Website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Irish Sailing Website for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Irish Sailing Website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Irish Sailing Website public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Irish Sailing Website does not read any of your private online communications.
Irish Sailing Website encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Irish Sailing Website so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Irish Sailing Website is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of Irish Sailing Website and Irish Sailing Website family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Irish Sailing Website collects and uses your personal information to operate Irish Sailing Website Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Irish Sailing Website also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Irish Sailing Website and its affiliates. Irish Sailing Website may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Irish Sailing Website does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Irish Sailing may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Irish Sailing Website may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Irish Sailing Website, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Irish Sailing Website does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Irish Sailing Website keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Irish Sailing Website, in order to determine what Irish Sailing Website services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Irish Sailing to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Irish Sailing Website Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Irish Sailing Website or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Irish Sailing Website; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Irish Sailing Website, or the public.
Accuracy of your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you believe that the information we have about you is not accurate, complete or up-to-date, we ask you to let us know.
Access to your personal information
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you. So that we can respond quickly and efficiently to your request, we ask you to complete an Access Request Form. Please contact us if you would like more information on how to request access to this information. If we are unable to meet your request for access, we will let you know why.
Other companies who provide services to us
We may disclose information about you to outside contractors, such as a mailing house, to carry out activities on our behalf. We impose security and confidentiality requirements on how they handle your personal information. Outside contractors are required not to use information about you for any purpose except for those activities we have asked them to perform.
Use of Cookies
Irish Sailing Website Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Irish Sailing Website pages, or register with Irish Sailing Website site or services, a cookie helps Irish Sailing Website to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Irish Sailing Website Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Irish Sailing Website features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Irish Sailing Website services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Irish Sailing Website secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Irish Sailing Website secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Irish Sailing Website will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Irish Sailing Website encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Irish Sailing Website is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Irish Sailing Website welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Irish Sailing Website has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Irish Sailing Website at info@sailing.ie. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.