http://www.ratemyvomit.com/privacy_policy.html
Welcome guest. Sign In |
New User Sign Up | Post Picture | Gallery
email: pass:
Yahoo! News
Woman "covered in vomit" jailed over pub spat with police
Melanie Plane Journalist Hi! I’m your go-to reporter for sport, gossip and social media in Central Queensland. I’m a 20-year-old sports enthusiast who comes from a family of Aussie Rules players and c
2015-04-13T21:39:44+0000
Thousands Freed From Vomit-Spattered Diarrhea Boat
More than 100 miserable vacationers spent a large part of the last two weeks puking and shitting themselves at sea , the Centers for Disease Control confirmed Monday, after an outbreak of norovirus ra
2015-04-13T21:41:14+0000
Clare music festival axed amid fears people will ‘puke over walls and pee in gardens’
Residents in Ennis were concerned INISFest would lead to a rise in anti-social behaviour.
2015-04-13T18:25:21+0000
Game of Thrones Season 5 Premiere Recap: The future is a puke stain
The future does not look bright for the Seven Kingdoms and its many power players, for many different reasons — and the past isn't looking much better. The post Game of Thrones Season 5 Premiere R
2015-04-13T21:39:41+0000
Rate My Vomit Privacy Policy
Personal Information
We take privacy very seriously, Rate My Vomit will never share your email, name or any contact details with anyone, ever. Other personal information such as age and location may be used to provide more personalized and relevant page content and advertisements to logged in registered users while using the site.
User Generated Content
We will never share any user generated content such as pictures or comments with anyone outside the site, or use any user generated content ourselves for any purpose besides display on the site, without getting permission from the owners of the content.
Cookies
Rate My Vomit uses cookies to store information on your computer. The information stored in the cookie relates to user authentication on Rate My Vomit and personal information that is used to provide more relevant content.
Account Deletion
Registered users may delete their account at any time by logging in, clicking "My Profile" then "Delete Profile".
Account deletion results in full and permanent removal of all personal and account information. Once an account had been deleted is can not be retrieved.
Do you have a Vomit pic?
Submit Your Vomit and see what others think
Signup | Login | Home | Gallery | Search | User Profiles | Help | About | Links
Privacy | TOU | Site Map | Contact
© 2007 ratemyvomit.com