http://www.sportstraveler.net/terms-of-use
My AccountMy WishlistMy CartCheckout1-888-654-7755Log In
HomeSports Events- - Baseball- - - - MLB All-Star Game- - - - College World Series- - - - World Series- - - - Chicago Cubs- - - - New York Yankees- - - - Texas Rangers- - Champions League Final- - College Basketball- - - - Final Four- - - - ACC Tournament- - - - SEC Tournament- - - - Big Ten Tournament- - College Football- - - - National Championship- - - - Fiesta Bowl- - - - Peach Bowl- - - - Rose Parade- - - - Rose Bowl- - - - Cotton Bowl- - - - Orange Bowl- - - - Sugar Bowl- - - - Outback Bowl- - - - Citrus Bowl- - - - Big Ten Championship- - - - SEC Championship- - - - ACC Championship- - Euro Cup- - Formula One- - - - US Grand Prix- - - - Monaco Grand Prix- - Golf- - - - Masters Golf Tournament- - - - U.S. Open Golf Tournament- - - - Ryder Cup- - - - British Open- - - - The Players Championship- - - - Phoenix Open- - - - PGA Championship- - - - Augusta Women's Amateur- - Horse Racing- - - - Kentucky Derby- - - - The Preakness- - - - Belmont Stakes- - - - Breeders Cup- - Indianapolis 500- - NASCAR- - - - Daytona 500- - - - Las Vegas 400- - - - Coca-Cola 600- - - - Brickyard Weekend- - - - Bristol September Race- - - - View More NASCAR- - NBA Basketball- - - - NBA All-Star Game- - - - NBA Finals- - - - Chicago Bulls- - - - Los Angeles Lakers- - - - New York Knicks- - - - More NBA Teams- - NFL Football- - - - Super Bowl- - - - Pro Football Hall of Fame- - - - NFL International Series- - - - Pro Bowl- - - - Dallas Cowboys Packages- - - - Green Bay Packers- - - - New Orleans Saints- - - - Pittsburgh Steelers- - - - More NFL Teams- - NHL Hockey- - - - NHL All-Star Game- - - - Winter Classic- - - - Stanley Cup Finals- - - - Chicago Blackhawks- - - - New York Rangers- - - - St. Louis Blues- - Rodeo- - - - National Finals Rodeo- - - - PBR World Finals- - Tennis- - - - Wimbledon- - - - U.S. Open Tennis- - - - French Open- - - - Australian Open- - - - Miami Open- - - - BNP Paribas Open- - Rugby Cup- - Summer Games- - Winter Games- - World Cup- - Womens World Cup- - WrestleMania- - Request a Custom Trip- - Gift CertificatesSports Experiences- - Golf Experiences- - - - Golf St. Augustine- - - - Golf Augusta Georgia- - - - Golf Texas - Cowboys Fans- - - - Golf Texas - TPC Dallas- - - - Golf TPC Scottsdale- - - - Golf Ireland- - - - Golf Scotland- - Driving Experiences- - - - Texas Track and Road Course- - Kentucky Horse CountryTravel Planners- - Sports Traveler Academy- - Groups & Corporate- - Request a Custom Trip- - Agent Resources- - Request Our Brochure- - Register Your AgencyAbout- - Read Customer Reviews- - Media/Press- - Sports Traveler History- - Sports Traveler Chicago Book- - Sports Traveler CareersContact
Home
Sports Events
Baseball
MLB All-Star Game
College World Series
World Series
Chicago Cubs
New York Yankees
Texas Rangers
Champions League Final
College Basketball
Final Four
ACC Tournament
SEC Tournament
Big Ten Tournament
College Football
National Championship
Fiesta Bowl
Peach Bowl
Rose Parade
Rose Bowl
Cotton Bowl
Orange Bowl
Sugar Bowl
Outback Bowl
Citrus Bowl
Big Ten Championship
SEC Championship
ACC Championship
Euro Cup
Formula One
US Grand Prix
Monaco Grand Prix
Golf
Masters Golf Tournament
U.S. Open Golf Tournament
Ryder Cup
British Open
The Players Championship
Phoenix Open
PGA Championship
Augusta Women's Amateur
Horse Racing
Kentucky Derby
The Preakness
Belmont Stakes
Breeders Cup
Indianapolis 500
NASCAR
Daytona 500
Las Vegas 400
Coca-Cola 600
Brickyard Weekend
Bristol September Race
View More NASCAR
NBA Basketball
NBA All-Star Game
NBA Finals
Chicago Bulls
Los Angeles Lakers
New York Knicks
More NBA Teams
NFL Football
Super Bowl
Pro Football Hall of Fame
NFL International Series
Pro Bowl
Dallas Cowboys Packages
Green Bay Packers
New Orleans Saints
Pittsburgh Steelers
More NFL Teams
NHL Hockey
NHL All-Star Game
Winter Classic
Stanley Cup Finals
Chicago Blackhawks
New York Rangers
St. Louis Blues
Rodeo
National Finals Rodeo
PBR World Finals
Tennis
Wimbledon
U.S. Open Tennis
French Open
Australian Open
Miami Open
BNP Paribas Open
Rugby Cup
Summer Games
Winter Games
World Cup
Womens World Cup
WrestleMania
Request a Custom Trip
Gift Certificates
Sports Experiences
Golf Experiences
Golf St. Augustine
Golf Augusta Georgia
Golf Texas - Cowboys Fans
Golf Texas - TPC Dallas
Golf TPC Scottsdale
Golf Ireland
Golf Scotland
Driving Experiences
Texas Track and Road Course
Kentucky Horse Country
Travel Planners
Sports Traveler Academy
Groups & Corporate
Request a Custom Trip
Agent Resources
Request Our Brochure
Register Your Agency
About
Read Customer Reviews
Media/Press
Sports Traveler History
Sports Traveler Chicago Book
Sports Traveler Careers
Contact
Cart is empty
Search
Español
PortuguesMy AccountMy WishlistMy CartCheckout1-888-654-7755Log In
Log In
Remember Me
Forgot Your Password
|Register
Home
Terms of UseSports Traveler Website Terms of Use & Privacy PolicyLast Updated: Nov. 1, 2019 This is a binding agreement between you, the user of this website (“you”), and Sports Traveler, LLC, its members, officers, directors, affiliates, and agents (“we” or “us”). By using this website located at www.sportstraveler.net (“Site”), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions listed below or you do not have the legal capacity to enter into a binding agreement with us, you may not use this Site. Trademarks and Logos. All trademarks, team names, and league names are the property of their respective owners, entities, and corporations. The term “Sports Traveler” is a registered trademark of Sports Traveler, LLC. Other than for purposes of viewing this website, you are not authorized to use, print, sell, license, reproduce, transmit, publish, frame, otherwise distribute, or use for any commercial purpose whatsoever any trademarks or logos appearing on this Site or in any literature, brochure, or other publication provided to you by us. Copyrights. This Site is copyrighted by us. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to download this Site and the copyrighted material for your personal use only. You are expressly prohibited from copying, printing, selling, sublicensing, reproducing, transmitting, publishing, framing, otherwise using, or creating derivative works form any content, design element, image, look, or feel of our Site. Requests to Use Copyrighted Materials. You may request formally in writing to use our copyrighted materials. We may grant the use of our copyrighted materials under limited circumstances. Unless you receive such permission from us in writing, you will be bound by the previous paragraph on Copyrights. To request permission, your written request must include: 1. The content you wish to use and the URL where it is located.2. Where and how the content will be used (for example, on a website or in a newsletter).3. Where, how, and the number of copies to be distributed and to what audience.4. When you intend to publish and your deadline for a response.5. Other materials that will be associated with our content.6. Your name, title, company, address, email address, and telephone number.7. Whether you will charge for viewing our material. Requests must be sent to:Sports Traveler, LLC3100 W 95th StreetEvergreen Park, IL 60805Email: headoffice@sportstraveler.net  Claims of Copyright Infringement. We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied and is accessible on our Site in such a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify us by providing our designated copyright agent with the following information: 1. The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or the person authorized to act on the owner’s behalf.2. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and a description of the infringing activity.3. Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, such as the URL of the Site where it is posted or the name of the publication where it has been published.4. Identification of the URL or other specific location on our Site where the material that you claim is infringing is located; you must include sufficient information for us to locate the material.5. Your name, address, telephone number, and email address.6. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.7. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf. Notice should be sent to:Copyright Infringement OfficerSports Traveler, LLC3100 W. 95th StreetEvergreen Park, IL 60805Email: headoffice@sportstraveler.net 1.888.654.7755 Links. We may provide links to third party websites or other sites on the Internet. These links are provided to you as a convenience only. By providing the links to you, we do not endorse, warrant, or guarantee any information or product linked to this Site. We are not the representatives or agents of the linked sites. The linked websites are not controlled by us and we are not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites or for the products or services offered by such linked sites. Accuracy. We do not guarantee the accuracy of any information on our Site. At the time the information was posted, we relied upon the representations of third parties. We have not verified, and are under no obligation to verify, the information as being accurate and complete. We are under no obligation to update any information appearing on our Site. Offers, travel packages, itineraries, prices, and events are subject to change without notice. Online Sales. Please refer to our Reservation Terms and Conditions. CLICK HERE Change in Terms and Conditions. You agree and understand that we may modify, amend, change, or substitute any term and condition under this Agreement at any time without notice to you. You agree to be bound by the new terms and conditions at the time they are posted. We encourage you to periodically check this Site to determine the terms and conditions that are currently in effect. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE. DUE TO THE INHERENT INSTABILITY AND VULNERABILITY OF THE INTERNET, WE DISCLAIM THAT ANY CONTENT IS VIRUS FREE OR DOES NOT CONTAIN WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL PROGRAMS. THE LIMITATION IN THIS PARAGRAPH APPLIES WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE ENFORCED TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Arbitration, Choice of Law, and Venue. You and we agree that, in any dispute arising out of the use or inability to use our Site, you and we will attempt to negotiate our differences. If you and we are unable to resolve the differences, you agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration using the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association and the laws of the State of Illinois, without reference to its conflicts of laws provisions. Such arbitration shall take place in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover all costs of such arbitration, including but not limited to the arbitrator’s fees, attorneys’ fees, out-of-pocket expenses, and all other reasonable and necessary costs. Any contest of the arbitrator’s ruling shall be brought in the courts having jurisdiction located in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A. Surveys and Contests. From time-to-time, we may request information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose your information. Information requested may include contact information such as name and address and demographic information such as zip code, age level, and interest. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our Site and our services.Security. We take reasonable measures to protect your information. We cannot guarantee secure transmission of sensitive information such as your credit card number. Such information will be encrypted and or protected with encryption software. We disclaim any liability for the transmission policies or processes of outside travel providers listed within our Site. Privacy. We respect your privacy. The following is our Privacy Policy that governs your use of our Site and the information that you provide to us through the Site. This Privacy Policy is subject to the general terms and conditions set out above.  1.     Types of Information Gathered about youwe appreciate that you care how information about you is used and shared. The information we gather about you from our Site enables us to provide you with services, products, and information and helps us to personalize and improve our services and products (“Services”). Here are the types of information we gather:Information You Give Us: We receive and may store any information you enter on the Site or provide us in any way. For example, you provide us with information when you submit an inquiry or provide feedback, order a travel package or tickets, subscribe to our newsletter or emails, or interact with the Site in other ways. We may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, phone number, and mailing address. Some of the information we ask you to provide is mandatory and some may be optional. If you do not provide the mandatory information requested for a particular activity, you will not be permitted to participate in that activity. Please note that when you place an order for our products, we process credit card payments in various ways. We are an Expedia-TAAP agent and may book flights via the Expedia-TAAP portal. We do not process payments for these flights, which payments are processed directly by Expedia-TAAP, which has its own Privacy Policy that you may review. For some events, such as the Ryder Cup and some official NASCAR packages, the payments are processed through Primesport, which has its own Privacy Policy that you may review. When we process credit card payments, we process them manually, and that information is stored encrypted and password protected.Automatic Information: We receive, analyze, and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Site, whether or not you have agreed to our Terms of Use. For example, we may collect the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your email address, information about your browser and operating system, the Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) of the websites you visit before and after our Site, and information about how you move around our Site. We may place cookies on your computer to prevent fraud, to personalize your experience on our Site, to collect and store information (such as information about your session and how often you visit the Site), and to improve our Services. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can send to your browser and may then be stored on your computer’s hard drive. You may be able to block, delete, or disable cookies, but doing so may prevent you from taking advantage of some or all the Services. Our site is hosted by Eboundhost.com.Information on Facebook®, Instagram®, and Social Media:  If you link through, to, or otherwise interact with our Site through our Facebook, Instagram, or other social media accounts, you also may provide us with information from or accessible through any social media account you have on the same platform.Information from Other Sources:  We may combine information you provide us with information from third parties to correct our records, personalize your experience, or enhance our services. This may include, but is not limited to, information from our Third-Party Service Providers. We also may use Google Analytics and other automated tracking methods through our Site. 2.     How we Share the Information we ReceiveInformation about you is a critical part of our business. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to others, but we may share user information with others in the following ways:With Other Authorized Third-Party Service Providers: We have and may add agreements with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf (“Third-Party Service Providers”), such as providing marketing assistance (see Google Privacy Policy), operating Site features, or analyzing data. We may share your personally identifiable information with these Third-Party Service Providers so they can provide the services that we have contracted with them to provide. The use of your personally identifiable information by such parties is subject to their privacy policies and is not subject to our control.With Other websites: Our Site may include links to other websites. When you access these links, you may be directed away from our Site. Similarly, when you access our Site through your social media accounts, you may give your social media account providers information about your activity on our Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. You may obtain useful information about Internet advertising companies, including how to opt out of their information collection, by contacting the Networking Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance. To Parent or Affiliated Companies: While we currently do not have a parent company, subsidiaries, or any other companies under a common control, we may in the future, and we may share your personally identifiable information with these companies, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.In a Change of Ownership: As we continue to develop our business, we might merge with or be acquired by another company. If this happens, the successor company could acquire the information we maintain, but personally identifiable information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.For our Protection or the Protection of Others: We may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or a court order, enforce this Privacy Policy, or protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others. 3.     Security of your InformationWhen you provide us with personally identifiable information, you acknowledge that, even with reasonable security measures in place, third parties might unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. It is also important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your computer, secure your password, and sign off when you finish using a shared computer. 4.     Managing your InformationYou have options for managing your personally identifiable information with us:We will not send you third-party promotional emails without your permission. As a condition of agreeing to this Privacy Policy, when you place an order with us or otherwise provide us with your email address, you agree to receive from us promotional and administrative emails related to your activity on our Site or to our products and services, including announcements about new features or changes to the Site or our products and services.You may ask us to stop sending you promotional emails by contacting us at headoffice@sportstraveler.net. Your personal information may remain in our historical records, but you will no longer receive emails from us about new features or changes to the Site or our products and services unless you place another order with us.Please note that, because there is no consistent industry understanding of how to respond to “Do Not Track” signals, we do not alter our data collection and usage practices when we detect such a signal from your browser. 5.     Children’s Privacy IssuesWe do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are aware of any instance where we have collected information from or about someone under the age of 13, please inform us immediately. 6.     GDPR and State LawsIf you are in a country that is governed by the European Union General Data Privacy Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or a state that has adopted data privacy protection regulations, such as California, then some or all of the following may be applicable to you: To the extent GDPR regulations regarding the processing of your personal data (“Personal Data”) apply to us, under certain circumstances we may be considered a “data controller.” Personal Data includes your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, social security number, size information, and geolocation, some of which we may collect and process and some of which may be collected and processed by third parties. These third parties may be considered “data controllers” in their own right, and you should review their privacy policies. We process your Personal Data only as necessary to offer and provide products to you. Our legal basis for processing includes:- Complying with legal requirements.- Managing and improving our Site and our relationship with you.- Providing you with information about our products and offerings. We will retain your Personal Data only for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill your order and offer additional products to you. We also retain your Personal Data for the time necessary to meet legal requirements and any applicable statute of limitations. Because we are in the United States, your Personal Data for which we may be considered the data controller will be transferred to the United States. Depending upon the laws applicable to you, the following rights may apply:- You have the right to object to our processing your Personal Data and, upon receiving such notice, we will stop processing your data, which may mean we cannot provide products or services to you. For example, without your Personal Data we will not be able to arrange for event packages or travel for you.- You may restrict our processing your Personal Data.- You may ask to update your Personal Data on a going-forward basis.- You may request a copy of your Personal Data that we have stored and maintained.- You may request that your Personal Data be deleted, but some Personal Data may not be deleted for legitimate legal reasons.- You may request that your Personal Data be transferred to another party. If you ask to exercise any of the above rights, you must send the request to our designated request address at Privacy Department, [need email and hyperlink]. We will respond to your request as soon as possible. 7.     Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes will take effect immediately upon posting, so please review this policy whenever you visit this Site. We will note the date of the last update at the top of the policy. If we make material changes to the policy and you are subscribed to our emails or blog posts, we will notify you by email about the change. 8.     Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at any time by email to headoffice@sportstraveler.net.9.     Dispute resolutionAny dispute concerning this Privacy Policy shall be governed by our general Terms of Use regarding Arbitration. Your Best Resource for Sports TravelSports Traveler is a member of BBB Illinois, the National Tour Association (NTA), American Bus Association (ABA), and is an ASTA Top Tour Operator. All purchases are 100% guaranteed and backed by our fulfillment promise!        NewsletterSubscribe to our newsletter to receive special offers and discounts!Subscribe Subscribe via RSS
Get helpContact usFAQ's Help with Mobile TicketsAccessibility Live Chat SupportSite MapOrdersCheck Order StatusReservation Terms & ConditionsTerms of UseCovid-19 Event Safety InformationTravel ExtrasTravel InsuranceGift CertificatesRequest BrochureContact UsToll free: 1-888-654-7755Outside USA: +1-773-881-0076Contact Usfacebooktwitterlinkedinyoutubewordpressinstagram
© 2020 Sports Traveler. All Rights Reserved.