http://www.ballooning-network.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
0117 947 1050
sales@balnet.co.uk
Home /
Cookies, Data & Privacy Policy
Cookies, Data & Privacy Policy
Ballooning Network - Cookies, Data & Privacy Policy
Ballooning Network is a Trading name of Ballooning Network Ltd
Ballooning Network Ltd's privacy policy is to respect and protect the privacy of visitors to the Ballooning Network Ltd web sites. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. It will assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our services.
The data we collect
We do request personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, etc which you provide when purchasing goods or services from the Ballooning Network Ltd websites. We also collect this information to help us personalise and deliver relevant, benefit-driven content in the Ballooning Network Ltd News emails. You are under no obligation to provide any personal data if you don't want to.
We also use personal information for purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you choose to opt out of receiving any such communications from us, please email us.
In addition, we have implemented a Google Advertising feature 'Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting' . This enables Google Analytics to collect data via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation. This will help us to better understand our Users and help us provider more relevant information to them.
We will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable  information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature without prior consent from the site's  Users. You can opt-out of Google Analytics Advertising Features by using this tool: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. There are also a variety of Ad settings available on computer, tablet and mobile phone settings.
Ballooning Network Ltd also collects aggregate information from all web site visitors. This aggregate data is used to customize Ballooning Network Ltd web content to deliver a better experience for our users and will in no way personally identify you.
General Data Protection Regulation 2018
Ballooning Network Ltd (also trading as Bristol Balloons and Bath Balloons) needs to obtain and process individual’s personal data in order to manage and fulfil the provision of its services to take passengers on hot air balloon flights. We aim to perform this collection, processing and storage in a manner which complies with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) which replaced the existing Data Protection Act from 25th May 2018.
Ballooning Network will only hold personal data on individuals where a link to the company has been established by either a booking (entering into a contract with us), being a passenger or enquiring about our services. We will only hold the data to:
Manage enquiries about and/or bookings of vouchers and flights.
Advise and send confirmations on the booking and availability of spaces on upcoming flights.
Provide flight follow up services e.g. delivery of in-flight photographs.
Enable post flight follow up or any matter arising to be dealt with.
We will ensure that all personal data (including backups) are held securely and that any suppliers of services to us have relevant security policies and procedures in force to protect data from misuse e.g. Annual Cyber Essentials certification.
If a request to have personal data deleted (“right to forget”) is received in writing, either by letter or e-mail we will comply with this, sending one more communication to confirm that we have undertaken this request. Any request received for amendment, deletion or for a copy of the data we hold on you will be actioned and replied to within one calendar month, we may make security checks before disclosure.
Ballooning Network will amend or delete personal data upon receipt of a request, however, it should be noted that such a request may mean that it is no longer possible to provide the contracted service. In which case no refund of charges paid will be given as you will be deemed to have cancelled your contract.
We do not share personal data with third parties within UK, Europe or worldwide, unless we are legally obliged to do so. A policy regarding regular changes of security passwords has been implements and any paper records are stored securely and destroyed by shredding. Any recording of telephone messages left are deleted after these have been actioned.
Payment details for vouchers and/or other services are not stored by the company, these are processed by our payment portal providers, Sagepay and Paypal, who have their own policies and procedures to comply with GDPR. Our websites operate with SSL certification and we undertake annual PCI DSS compliance with our payment portal providers. We do not use ‘cloud’ based storage systems.
To protect your data we operate default data settings, for auto deletion of communications, these are:
If you have supplied any personal data in an online search e.g. Google, 26 months, you can amend this via your Google preferences, other web/search providers defaults may vary.
General, group and flight enquiries via our websites three months and voucher purchases and flight bookings 18 months.
On our main operational database which is used to take and manage bookings of vouchers and flights, personal data will be deleted after a maximum of four years (unless required to keep for longer periods for contractual reasons). Some non-personal data may be retained regarding bookings and flights for company business analysis purposes.
Any data you share on social media platforms and with other organisations or individuals regarding your use of our services is outside of our ability to control.
GDPR statement V1 May 2018
Use of IP Address
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. On occasions, we collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to analyse aggregate information, and to audit the use of our site.
Use of Cookies
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard you will find them at most major web sites.
By showing how and when visitors use our site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed and this information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use cookies to better understand and improve areas of the Ballooning Network Ltd's web site that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to the Ballooning Network Ltd's web sites always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that remain until you leave our web site or close the browser window. We use these to carry information across pages of our web site and in some cases, to prevent data needing to be re-entered in data entry forms.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of the Ballooning Network Ltd's web sites may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.
We are currently operating an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage, but if you are not then please disable and delete cookies from your browser settings. We may amend this policy in line with future changes in legislation or best practice.
Cookie Policy v1.0
14th May 2012
Use of clear GIFs
A clear GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) or pixel tag (also known as a 'Web beacon') is a line of code placed on some of our web pages and in e-mails which, in a similar way to our use of cookies above, allow us to analyse the specific usage patterns of visitors.
Supplementary Information
We may acquire information about individuals from other sources and add such information to our house files.
Disclosure
We will not publish, give, sell or rent your information to anyone, ever. However, we reserve the right to disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Ballooning Network Ltd's rights or property, other users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We also reserve the right to disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Links to Other Sites/ "Public" Areas
You should be aware that when you are on the Ballooning Network Ltd's web sites, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Ballooning Network Ltd's web site pages that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. The privacy policies of these other sites may significantly differ from that of Ballooning Network Ltd's. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected there.
Security
Protecting the security of all personally-identifiable information associated with our guests, customers and passengers is of the utmost concern to us. Once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of our users' personal information and maintain their privacy.
Privacy Policy for Minors
Ballooning Network Ltd does not knowingly collect information from children. If you are under 13, please do not provide any personal information to us.
The List Owner (the Data Controller)
The List Owner and Data Controller is Mr Nic Amor, Director, Ballooning Network Ltd, 23-51 Winterstoke Road, Bristol BS3 2NP
Access to your own data
To be provided with a copy of your own personal data that we collect online and maintain in our database, and to contest and correct inaccuracies, or request that your personal data be deleted, please e-mail us and we will respond.
Your Acceptance of the Terms of this Privacy Policy
By using this site, you signify your assent to the Ballooning Network Ltd Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time without prior notice to you, so please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
23-51 Winterstoke Road, Bristol BS3 2NP
Reg England and Wales No 4129672
Privacy Policy Version 1 01.11.2006
GDPR update 18.05.2018