https://www.rodneystrong.com/terms/
Please Verify Your Age
By clicking on either of the buttons below, you are confirmingthat you are of legal drinking age.
Enter
Join our mailing list to save 10% off your next order!
Yes, I want to save 10%!
Skip to main content
Back to Top
Terms and Conditions
Website Usage Policy
TERMS OF USAGE
Please read these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) carefully before using this web site (the “Site”). The Site is owned and operated by Rodney Strong Vineyards (the “Company”).
1. Binding Agreement
Use of the Site is available only to those users who are in compliance and agreement with these Terms as well as the other terms and conditions referenced elsewhere on the Site. By accessing, viewing, using, or downloading materials from the Site, you agree to be legally bound by all of the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein.
2. User Age
Because of the nature of the Company’s business, and its products and services, the Site is not intended for use by persons under age 21. The Company does not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from persons under age 21. Use of the Site, or any registration that may be required to access portions of the Site, or to purchase products or services, including alcoholic beverages, may only be made by those persons who are at least 21 years of age. By using the Site, you are representing that you are at least 21 years of age.
Shipping Policy
There are certain states and countries to which we cannot ship. Please see Free the Grapes for more in-depth information on your state restrictions. By placing an order, you authorize us to act on your behalf to engage a common carrier to deliver your order to your selected destination.
You must be 21 years or older to buy wine. By placing your order with this winery you certify under penalty of perjury that you and the recipient are at least 21 years old. When the wine is delivered, the recipient will be required to show identification proving that he or she is at least 21 years old. An adult must be present to sign or the carrier is not allowed by law to leave your package.
Please note:
All prices are listed in US dollars. All orders will include delivery charges, and applicable sales tax.
You will receive an e-mail confirming that your order was submitted. If the items are all in stock, you will receive an email from our shipping department when the items leave the warehouse.
Your in-stock items will ship within 2 to 5 business days, weather depending.
Help us help you best. Please provide a valid and complete e-mail address that includes the “@information” (for example: name@somethingorother.com).
WEATHER NOTIFICATION
Please read further below to make sure your location is not affected by seasonal shipping changes. You may review the route guidelines below to determine if the weather on your route will be a problem for the wine quality. In severe weather conditions, the shippers do not guarantee on time delivery, and there may be delays due to extreme heat. Be sure to keep the current weather in mind when you are picking your shipping destination.
During seasons of severe weather, we will follow the shipping protocol below to reduce the chance of quality problems resulting from shipping in very hot or very cold conditions.
Mon, Tues - all carrier choices will be processed
Wed - only air services (overnight and 2-day air) will be processed
Thu - only overnight shipments will be processed
Fri - no shipping at all
As an example, an order placed on a Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday, with the “UPS ground” shipping option selected, will ship out on the following Monday.
*UPS shipments to Colorado travel via truck north through Reno, Nevada across Utah and into Denver, Colorado. They are then trucked to the destination city.
*FedEx shipments travel via plane from Oakland, California to Memphis, Tennessee and then on to the city of destination.
*2 Day FedEx shipments within California travel exclusively by truck.
*Climate-Controlled Ground Shipping:
Packages travel via climate controlled trucks to regional hubs where they are delivered by traditional trucke to their final destination. Great for shipping all year long, especially during summer. Please note this method may take up to 9 more days that regular Ground shipping and that tracking numbers do not become active until they reach regional hubs. Delivery length is 7-16 business days and is not available in AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, MT, NV, NM, OR, WA or WY. Please note that orders must be placed by Sunday evening to make the following Friday’s truck. Tracking information will not be available until your wine reached the Hub city. Please contact the winery directly at 866-779-4637 Ext. 2 with any further questions.
Remember, we need 24 hour notice to stop shipments. For example, if you want to stop shipments on Tuesday, you’ll need to let us know by Monday before 9 am.
COMPLIANCE LAWS
Due to the restrictions of many state laws, we only ship wine to those states where direct shipment is permitted by law. Clothing and other merchandise can be shipped anywhere in the United States.
In addition, each state imposes limitations on the amount of wine any particular adult state resident may receive by direct shipment. To ensure that you are able to order wine for direct shipment from our website, please consult the specific state requirements for your state below.
Please note that all orders must be placed by persons over the age of 21 years, and that age verification will be required upon receipt of your wine. No wine will be delivered to visibly intoxicated persons and any person unable to provide age verification will forfeit their right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. In such circumstances the order may either be held in storage at a local depot of the shipping company until appropriate identification is produced, or shipped back to the winery. All associated costs will be the responsibility of and be charged to the customer.
At the present time, we can only ship to the following states:
Alaska – Contact winery to place an order; limited areas where Federal Express will transport, and shipping is prohibited in specified areas
California – No current limitations
Colorado – No current limitations
District of Columbia – Purchases limited to one (1) case per month
Florida – No current limitations. However, no containers over one (1) gallon (i.e. 6 liter bottle), or shipment to dry areas – Lafayette, Liberty, Madison, and Washington.
Georgia – Purchases limited to twelve (12) cases per household per year off-site
Hawaii – Purchases limited to six (6) cases per year per household. Island of Oahu only
Idaho – Purchases limited to 24 cases per year
Illinois – Purchases limited to twelve (12) cases per year
Iowa – No current limitations
Kansas – No current limitations
Maryland – Eighteen (18) cases per household per year
Massachusetts – Purchases limited to twelve (12) cases per year per resident
Michigan – No current limitations
Minnesota – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per year
Missouri – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
Montana – No current limitations
Nebraska – Purchases limited to one (1) case per month
Nevada – Purchases limited to twelve (12) cases per customer, per fiscal year beginning July 1st
New Hampshire – Purchases limited to twelve (12) cases per customer, per year. No shipping to dry areas – Ellsworth, Monroe, Sharon, and Millsfield
New Mexico – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
New York – Purchases limited to thirty-six (36) cases per year. No shipping to – Argyle, Berkshire, Bovina, Caneadea, Clymer, Fremont, Harmony, Jasper, Lapeer, Neversink, Orwell, Potter
North Carolina – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
North Dakota- 3 cases per month per person. Excise Tax, Sales
Oregon – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
South Carolina – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
South Dakota- 12 cases per year per person. Shipping is taxable. Copy of photo ID required.
Tennessee – Purchases limited to one (1) case per month, not to exceed three (3) cases per year
Texas – Purchases limited to 9 gallons per month (3 cases, 9 bottles), not to exceed 36 gallons (15 cases, 2 bottles) per fiscal year beginning September 1st
Virginia – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
Washington – No current limitations
West Virginia – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per month
Wisconsin – Purchases limited to twelve (12) cases per year
Wyoming – Purchases limited to two (2) cases per year
Return Policy
If you are not satisfied with the wines, you may return the product for exchange or refund (except where prohibited by law). We’ll refund the value of the item and any taxes you were charged. Shipping charges are non-refundable.
To return wine, repackage the item in the container in which it was received. Returns must be sent back prepaid. If wine is replaced, we will pay the shipping costs for items sent in exchange. Prior to shipping, contact Rodney Strong for a return authorization.
Please ship returns to:
Rodney Strong Vineyards
11455 Old Redwood Highway
Healdsburg, CA 95448
(707) 431-1533
(800) 678-4763
If a wine club shipment is returned to us due to delivery failure we will contact you. If we do not receive a response, we will refund the value of the wine and the taxes you were initially charged on your credit card. Please note: shipping charges are non-refundable. Credit card refunds: All credits will be placed on the credit card used for the original purchase.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We have developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we collect it and how it is used.
PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 21
Our online services are not intended for persons under 21 years of age. No one under age 21 may provide any information to or on the online services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 21. If you are under 21, do not use or provide any information on the online services or on or through any of its features/register on the online services, make any purchases through the online services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the online services or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 21, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 21, please contact us either (i) by email at info@rodneystrong.com or (ii) by telephone at 707-433-6511.
WHY, WHAT, AND HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Why we collect the information: We collect information about you including any personal information that you provide to us:
To present our Website, the Apps and their respective content to you.
To conduct business with you.
To provide you with information, products, or services.
To answer questions and provide other customer services.
To develop new, or modify existing, products and services.
To manage your account/wine club subscription(s), including expirations and renewals.
To fulfill your wine club subscriptions and other orders.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our online services.
To notify you about changes to any of our online services or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To prevent fraud or cybersecurity attacks.
To assist in our efforts to implement, maintain and modify our information system, network and cybersecurity protections.
To conduct internal analysis and create profiles of customers regarding their preferences and purchasing behavior, to plan strategy and growth and to collate reports and manage information to support our business operations.
For any other purpose with your consent.
What type of general and personal information we collect:
General information is information about you but does not specifically identify you, such as IP address, geolocation, or other online identifiers; and/or information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our online services and usage details such as what pages you looked at.
We will ask your consent to use any identifiable personal information you provide to us, usually by asking you to check a box confirming your consent.
Identifiable personal information is what you provide to us when you check out of our store and by which you may be personally identified, such as name, birthdate, age, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, personal preferences, credit card information, including billing address, or any other identifiers by which you may be contacted online or offline;
How we collect the information:
Personal information you provide by filling in forms on our online services. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our wine clubs, purchasing products or contacting us for additional information, products or services. We may also ask you for information if you enter a contest or participate in a promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with any of our online services or products.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our online services and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide credit card information before placing an order or registering for our wine club(s) through our online services.
General information that does not personally identify you include details of your visits to any of our online services, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the online services.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. The information we collect automatically may include personal information. The purpose of automatic collection is to improve our online services and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our online services according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to the particular online service.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated anonymous information about our users without restriction.
While our policy is not to share personal information, we may disclose your personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy for these limited purposes:
To third party service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the business purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the “Contact Us” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the appropriate persons with our Company in order to provide you with the requested information or to otherwise fulfill your request.
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our policies, terms and conditions, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
You have choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. You may contact us to opt out of any programs or use of your information as well as you may ask us to delete your personal information. You have control over your own information.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please note if you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of our Website may then be inaccessible or will not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address used by Rodney Strong for our newsletter or emails to promote our products or services to you, you may opt-out by using the unsubscribe link in each email we send, by calling us or sending us an email at info@rodneystrong.com.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS AND ACCESSING OR CORRECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
California Civil Code Sections 1798.100 and 1798.105 permit you to make requests to access categories and specific pieces of personal information about you as well as to request we delete your personal information. Please call us at: 707-433-6511 or send us an email at info@rodneystrong.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. Note that we can only delete your personal information by also deleting your user account. We may not be able to accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions and credit card information will be securely encrypted.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our online services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, please contact us:
Email: Ray DeLeon, info@rodneystrong.com
Phone: 707-433-6511
Postal Address: Rodney Strong Vineyards, 11455 Old Redwood Hwy, Healdsburg, CA 95448
Website Usage Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy