http://www.skywaycamping.com/privacy/
Online Privacy Statement
This privacy policy is in effect for skywaycamping.com.
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope that the following statement will help you to understand how we collect, use, and safeguard the information conveyed to us through this Web site.
I. Information gathered from visitors
As with other Web sites, any information which is sent from your Web browser (or other Web client) to our server and any connection details, such as the originating IP address and the time of each request, may be logged, or, in some circumstances, may be relayed (such as through a contact form) via e-mail.
HTTP cookies may be used in order to recall visitor preferences when interacting with this Web server and to enhance the quality of our service.
Where registration is required, applicable details submitted by the user will be stored permanently on the server. Additional collected information may be associated with user accounts in order to enhance the quality of our service.
Details and content which are voluntarily provided, such as contact information and answers to survey questions, may also be permanently stored.
II. How the information is used
The information is used in order to enrich the end-user experience when connecting to this Web server and to enhance the quality of our service.
Except in cases where the visitor makes contrary request, we may use provided contact information in order to communicate with said visitor in the future and we may share some visitor details with third-parties.
We reserve the right to retain and share applicable information for and with law enforcement officials and legal counsel, if compelled or motivated to do so.
We also reserve the right to check connection details against third-party blacklists, in order to maintain the security and availability of our service.
Where applicable, payment card numbers, security codes, and expiration dates will be transferred securely and in real-time to an online payment processor in order to authorize the transaction and will not be stored on this server.
III. Opting-out or updating information
If you wish to have any associated account or information removed from or updated on this server, or to opt-out of specific usage for that data, you may use any appropriate contact method or details provided through this Web site to communicate those wishes to the site owner or to the site administrator. If you are unable to find appropriate contact method or details through this Web site, you may use publicly-available WHOIS information, pursuant to same and other applicable restrictions. Requests will generally be processed within one business day.
IV. Inquiring about stored details or about this privacy statement
You may use any appropriate contact method or details provided through this Web site to communicate applicable questions to the site owner or to the site administrator. If you are unable to find appropriate contact method or details through this Web site, you may use publicly-available WHOIS information, pursuant to same and other applicable restrictions. Inquiries will generally be processed within one business day.
V. Security of service and confidentiality of data
In order to protect the integrity of data destined for, residing on, and outgoing from this server, we have implemented strict security policies and we perform daily vulnerability audits. Any financial transaction initiated through this Web site will be secured using high-grade encryption.
All recorded visitor data is considered to be confidential. Such data will be accessible only to authorized personnel and entities.
VI. Updates to this document
This document may be updated from time to time; please revisit this page in order to stay informed about our current policies.