https://www.americanairmailsociety.org/privacy-policy/
American Air Mail Society
Founded 1923
Join/Renew
Toggle navigation
Home
What We Collect
US Events
Airport Dedication
National Air Mail Week
US Airships
Air Postal History
US Air Domestic Rates
US International Airmail Rates
Army Air Corp Mail Operations 1934
Crash Mail
Lindberghiania
US Souvenir Historical
Polar Aerophilately
Amelia Earhart
Aerial Propaganda
Air Mail Field
Around-The-World
US Airmail
US Pioneer Flights
US Government Flights
Army Emergency
Contract Air Mail (CAM)
US Air Mail (AM Routes)
Foreign Air Mail (FAM)
First Flights US (FFUS)
Jet Service
US Air Express
Philippine Islands
Ryukyu Islands
Experimental Airmail
Balloon Flights
Catapult Flights
US Glider Flights
Rocket Mail
Supersonic Transport
The Americas
Alaska
Canada
Canal Zone
Cuba
Mexico
Newfoundland
Foreign Airmail
Zeppelin Mail
World Wide Pioneer Flights
Foreign Flag Flights
Stamps & Stationery
US Airmail
UN Airmail
Air Labels
Air Letter Sheets
Airpost FDCs
Trans-Oceanic
North Atlantic
South Atlantic
Pacific
DO-X
Resources
Airpost Journal (APJ)
Aero Philatelist Annals
Auctions
Collecting Airmail Booklet
Preparing for Takeoff
Setting the Clock
Surveying the Map
Navigating the Aircraft
Scanning the Horizons
Safe Landing
US Airmail Stamps
Airmail Stamp Album
Airmail 100 Years
Classified Want Ads
Exhibits
Publications
AAMS Catalog 5th Edition
Air Mails and Rates of Canada/Newfoundland 1st Edition
Selected Links
Society Membership
Membership Application
Join
Renew
Member Sign In
About Our Society
Contact Us
Conventions
News
Exhibit Awards
AAMS Awards
Officers & Directors
Chapters
Board Documents
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://www.americanairmailsociety.org.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
What We Collect
Privacy Policy
Society Membership
Sitemap
Contact Us
© 2020 American Air Mail Society
Top