https://www.nadac.com/privacy-policy/
Associates
Associate Application
Associate Info Lookup
Change of Address Form
Clubs
Club Resources
Judge Resources
Trial Application
Judge List
Equipment Specifications
Log in
Privacy Policy
NADAC LLC has created this privacy statement for you in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: NADAC.com.
If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you:
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (i.e. your Internet Service Provider)
The date and time you access our site
The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site.
Other generic information, such as the type of web browser you used to visit the site.
The information collected is for statistical purposes. NADAC LLC may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, NADAC LLC uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
NADAC LLC will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us via our contact form. Such information will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties.
If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information or filling out a contact form, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message.
Children Age 13 and Under:
We are very concerned with the privacy and safety of children online, and do not knowingly collect information from anyone 13 years of age or younger. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers without their parents’ permission, when on-line.
Links to Other Sites:
NADAC.com may contain links to other sites. NADAC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Our site search is powered by Google Custom Search. While all search results are from nadac.com, Google may include sidebar advertisements which link to other sites. NADAC is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites.
Contacting the Web Site:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this web site, feel free to contact us using our contact form.
Search for:
NADAC, LLC 262 S Cedar St
Sisters, Oregon
97759