http://www.seattlebsa.org/policies-home
Search ...
The Chief Seattle Council office be closed to the public until year end.
Support staff will be available Tuesday – Friday from 10am – 5pm via phone and email.
Shop will be closed indefinitely.
Please read this announcement (updated 11/16) for more information.
Home
Join
Programs
Back
Cub Scouts
Scouts BSA
Venturing
Sea Scouts
Districts
Back
Alpine
Aurora
Duwamish
Kitsap
Lake Shores
Mt Olympus
Mt Tahoma
Northern Trails
Order of the Arrow
Back
About OA Lodge
OA Membership Renewal
OA Calendar
Silver Marmot Annual Pass
Unit Election Request
T'Kope Kwiskwis Lodge
Eagle Alumni
Exploring
Scoutreach
STEM Programs
Camping
Back
Family Camping
Off-Season Rental
Camping Forms
Camps
Back
Camp Edward
Camp Parsons
Camp Pigott
Camp Sheppard
Cub Scout Camping
Scouts BSA Camping
Venturing Camping
Camp Staff Opportunities
Resources
Back
Advancement
Awards
Commissioner Service
Documents
Internet Rechartering
Membership
National & Council Forms
Opportunites
Back
Opportunities for Adult Volunteers
Opportunities for Organizations
Training
LDS Relations - 2020 & Beyond
Back
Beyond 2020
Parents & Families
Goals
Latter Day Saint Leaders
Events
Back
Council Calendar
Event Registration
Scout Auction
Eagle Scout Banquet
Popcorn Sale
Scouting for Food
Mariners Friends of Scouting Luncheon
PTC
Give
Back
Scout Auction
Donate Now
Family Friends of Scouting
Matching and Service Hours
Planned Giving
Stock Donations
Vehicle/Boat/RV Donations
Donor Bill of Rights
About
Back
Contact Us
Council Staff
Districts
Mission
Policies
Scout Shops
Webmasters
Donor Privacy Policy
It is the policy of Chief Seattle Council, Boy Scouts of America to keep donor information private. The council will not sell or trade a donor's personal information to any other entity in existence without their written permission.
Customer Support
Online Registration Support
Users of the Chief Seattle Council website experiencing difficulties completing online registrations should contact the council office via email  council@seattlebsa.org or call 206-725-5200 and ask for the online registration assistant.  This person will try to help resolve the support issue before escalating the problem directly to the website administrators.
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy for the official Chief Seattle Council website: www.seattlebsa.org
Chief Seattle Council, Boy Scouts of America, is committed to respecting and protecting the personal privacy of its members and those who visit its website. It is our policy to acquire personal information from users only by overt and voluntary means, only when it is in the interest of the user to provide it, and to utilize this information only for the purpose it was provided.
The information that follows explains the kinds of information Chief Seattle Council collects, how it is used, the conditions under which it is made available to third parties, how information is maintained, and our compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Read more: 			Website Privacy Policy
Whistleblower Protection Policy
An employee or volunteer of Chief Seattle Council, Boy Scouts of America, who reports waste, fraud, or abuse will not be terminated or otherwise retaliated against for making the report.
The report will be investigated and even if determined not to be waste, fraud, or abuse, the individual making the report will not be retaliated against. There will be no punishment for reporting problems - including termination of employment, demotion, suspension, harassment, failure to consider the employee for promotion, or any other kind of discrimination.
Suspected fraud, theft or any other compliance violations may be reported anonymously or confidentially by calling the compliance hotline at (877) 269-5669. The hotline is provided by an independent vendor hired by the council. Allegations  will be communicated directly to a designated board member (Board Chairman or Vice President for Governance) who will direct an investigation. The investigation will include interviews with immediate supervisors, peers, affected volunteers, and others as deemed appropriate to resolve the allegation.
Read more: 			Whistleblower Protection Policy
Youth Protection Training
Boy Scouts of America requires Youth Protection training for all volunteers. The purpose of this policy is to increase awareness of this societal problem and to create even greater barriers to abuse than already exist in Scouting.
Youth Protection training is required for all BSA registered volunteers, regardless of their position.
New leaders are required to take Youth Protection training before submitting an application for registration. The certificate of completion for this training must be submitted at the time the application is made and before volunteer service with youth begins.
Youth Protection training must be taken every year. If a volunteer's Youth Protection training record is not current at the time of recharter, the volunteer will not be re-registered.
Click here for more info.
Policies Menu
Policies HomeDonor Privacy PolicyCustomer SupportRefund Policy-Cub Day CampWebsite InformationWebsite Privacy PolicyVOA Website Privacy PolicyWhistleblower PolicyYouth Protection Training
About Menu
Council CalendarContact UsCouncil StaffDistrictsJoiningMissionPoliciesScout ShopsWebmasters
Copyright ©
2020
Chief Seattle Council - Boy Scouts of America
To Top