https://www.maximum-velocity.com/about-us/privacy-and-security/
435-319-0220 |
Newsletter: Subscribe for a free car plan!
account
items:
0
Privacy
At Maximum Velocity we take your privacy very seriously. In order to process your order, we do require certain personal information including your: name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and charge card (if the order is charged). However, all information provided to Maximum Velocity is treated as confidential. We use your information for processing your order and never sell, rent, or give your information to any third-party. This is our promise and guarantee. If you wish to review or update the information we have on file, please Contact Us By Phone.
If at some future time this policy should materially change, you will be notified by e-mail.
This policy became effective on January 1, 2000.
Certified Safe Shopping Site
As a measure to increase privacy and security and in an effort to prevent hackers from accessing sensitive information, we have subscribed to SiteLock's security certification program. SiteLock conducts security tests and audits and certifies this site's security.
Tests for thousands of Internet Security Vulnerabilities and updated to the FBI/SANS TOP 20 list of vulnerabilities
Notifies us immediately of any new vulnerabilities that may arise.
Secures us from the most recent hacking attacks.
Actively secures your sensitive information and credit card details.
Scans per the PCI Compliance Vulnerability Scan standard as mandated by the payment card industry.
Security
Maximum Velocity is a Positive SSL Secure Site. Our secure server encrypts all of your personal information including name, address and credit card number with the most advance encryption methods available (128 bit encryption enabled). This encryption and other security measures ensure that no one can access or use your personal information in an unauthorized manner.
Search
Search for:
Search
Pinewood Derby Accessories
Car Accessories
Finishing Supplies
Paint Supplies
Pinewood Derby Decals and More
Body Skins
Dry Transfer Decals
Sticker Decals
Pin Striping
Paint Stencils
Pinewood Derby Car Plans
Pinewood Derby Fenders
Pinewood Derby Inventory Clearance
Pinewood Derby Kits and Blocks
Premium Blocks-Precision Axle Slots or Axle Holes, or Plain
Kit Bundles
Pre-Cut Kits
Options for Blocks and Pre-cut Kits
MV Block, Wedge, and Pre-shaped Car Kits – Single or Bulk
BSA Pinewood Derby Kit
Pinewood Derby Speed Supplies
Speed Kits
Axle Polishing
Wheel Polishing
Lubrication
Air Guides
Pinewood Derby Race Management Software and Gauges
Pinewood Derby Tools
Tool Packs
Axle Tools
Body Tools
Clamping and Holding
Wheel Mandrels
Wheel Tools
Drilling
Measurement
Pinewood Derby Weight
Tungsten Weight
Tundra Weight
Lead Weight
Steel Weight
Flex Weight
Weight Kits
Pinewood Derby Wheels and Axles
BSA Speed Axles
BSA Speed Wheels
BSA Stock Wheels and Axles
Competition Axles
Competition Wheels
MV Speed Wheels
MV Stock Wheels and Axles
Speed Wheels and Axles for Awana Kits
Stock Wheels & Axles for Awana
PineCar Speed Wheels
PineCar Stock Wheels and Axles
Speed to the Finish