https://www.aaroads.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Home » Privacy Policy / Terms of Use
Privacy Policy / Terms of UseAlex2019-09-24T12:39:06-04:00
AARoads.com and its family of websites provide highway guides and other road related information for information and educational purposes. All content, including but not limited to, the design, graphics, and photographic media are copyrighted by the AARoads webmasters or their respective contributors.
AARoads.com and its affiliated websites does not collect personal information from its users: ie. names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, except when you provide such information voluntarily. We are not affiliated with the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO), any state Department of Transportation (DOT), local or regional transportation authorities, or any other government related transportation agency. We are an independent website that uses its own observations, research, or research from contributors in the placement of its content.
Information, services and other material found throughout AARoads and its family of websites may not be complete, and may include inaccuracies or errors, and may also be modified or deleted from time to time. Your access to and use of this website is at your own risk. AARoads.com, and its members and sponsors, will not be liable for any damage, loss or disclosure of information, data, revenue, accounts or business that occurs in connection with your use of this website. Without limiting the foregoing, AARoads.com and/or its respective licensors, suppliers, and third party contributors (“affiliates”) make no representations or warranties about the condition, suitability, reliability, availability, completeness, security and materials contained within the AARoads.com family of websites for any purpose. All such information, products, services, and materials are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind.
Third Party Advertising
We use a variety of third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click or tap here.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” or web beacon on your browser. Additional information about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, please visit this web site. Users may opt out of Google’s DoubleClick Dart cookie, by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Go to Top