http://www.narcisiwinery.com/policies
Shop Wines
Shop Collection
Gifts & Accessories
Personalized Gifts
Find Us Locally
Gift Cards
Visit
Plan Your Event
Tours & Tastings
FAQs
Music Events
Our Events
Restaurant
Banquet
Banquet Information
Banquet Menu
About Us
Our History
Our Winery & Wine Making
Our Team
Join Our Team
Contact Us
Return/Refund PolicyYou may return most new, undamaged clothing, apparel and accessories within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. If the return is a result of our error, (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.) we'll pay the return shipping. If return is not based on an error, the customer will assume all return shipping costs. Generally, wine is a non-returnable item. Tasting notes and detailed information are provided for each wine to help guide customers in making an educated wine selection.  However, if a wine is damaged in transit or you received the incorrect product please call 724-444-4744. Wine returns and refunds will be handled on a case by case basis.Cancellation PolicyDue to limited capacity, we request that you cancel at least 48 hours before a scheduled tour. This gives us the opportunity to fill the tour slot. You may cancel by phone (724 - 444 – 4744) or email (info@narcisiwinery.com). If you have to cancel your tour, we offer you a refund or a chance to rebook if you cancel before the 48 hours. However, if you do not cancel prior to the 48 hours, you will lose the payment for the tour. Narcisi Winery has the only right to be flexible with this policy. Age PolicyBy using this website, you are consenting that you are 21 years of age or later. If you are under the age of 21, please cease using the website immediately. Those under the age of 21 are permitted on Narcisi Winery property (including in the restaurant, in outdoor areas, and on tours.) However, they are not permitted to consume alcohol and will not be served. Privacy PolicyNOTICE: This Privacy Policy explains how your information may be collected, used, and/or shared when using or accessing this website. If you are under the age of 21, please exit immediately and discontinue all use.Narcisi Winery is dedicated to protecting your privacy and security when using or accessing https://www.narcisiwinery.com/. This Privacy Policy explains how Narcisi Winery may collect, use, and/or share information gained when you use or access the Narcisi Winery website and/or any Narcisi Winery mobile platform(s), as well as your choices relative to how such information is used.Information Collected by Narcisi Winery or Third-Party Contractors or SuppliersInformation that is collected automatically:Narcisi Winery and/or its third-party contractors or suppliers may automatically collect the following information when you use or access the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms:Your domain name; for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you are connecting from a university domain;Your IP address, a number automatically assigned to your device when you are using the internet;The type of browser and operating system used to access the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms;The internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms;The pages you visit within the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms; andThe links used to access other websites from the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms.Additionally, in order to administer Narcisi Winery's business and to optimize the shopping experience for customers, the Narcisi Winery website and Narcisi Winery mobile platforms automatically employ the use of the following:Cookies"Cookies" are used to provide tailored information to customers. A "cookie" is an element of data placed on a device when it is used to visit a website. Both "session" cookies, which expire once you close your web browser, and "persistent" cookies, which remain on your device, sometimes until you delete them, may be used.If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to block or delete cookies. Please note, however, that by disabling cookies, certain features of the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms may no longer work properly.Pixel TagsA "pixel tag" is a transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or clear GIF, that is placed on a website, in online content, or in the body of an email to indicate that a page or email has been viewed. Pixel tags are used in conjunction with cookies to anonymously track interactions with the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms in order to determine user trends.Similar TechnologiesThe Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms may also automatically use other kinds of technologies for the same or similar purposes. These may include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies"), HTML5 local storage, mobile analytics software, and mobile ad identifiers.Information that is collected based on your voluntary provision of the same:Narcisi Winery and/or its third-party contractors or suppliers may also collect certain information that you voluntarily provide when you:Create or maintain a customer account on the Narcisi Winery website and/or any Narcisi Winery mobile platform(s);Sign up for newsletters, notifications, or promotional material through the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms;Place an order or purchase products through the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms;Contact Narcisi Winery for any reason;Participate in Narcisi Winery-sponsored programs, events, or services, including but not limited to customer rewards programs, lotteries, product clubs, subscription services, sweepstakes, surveys, or promotions;Connect with the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms through social media services; orOtherwise submit personal information.The information collected by Narcisi Winery may include personally identifiable information, which generally refers to information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity, such as your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. The information collected may be in the form of text characters, videos, audio, photographs, data files, or may involve various other formats. Any information collected is retained only to the extent authorized by applicable laws, Commonwealth polices, and/or applicable standards or agreements governing Narcisi Winery's operations.Use of InformationAny information that is collected by Narcisi Winery or its third-party contractors or suppliers when you use or access the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms will generally be used as follows:To provide and manage services you request. This includes, for example, processing purchases made through the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms, responding to customer questions and comments, managing customer accounts, conducting customer rewards programs, and sending promotional material. You may opt out of receiving commercial email messages at any time by following the instructions contained in those messages.To deliver targeted marketing materials. Narcisi Winery, along with its third-party contractors or suppliers, may use your information to personalize and tailor content and facilitate the delivery of targeted marketing material such as advertisements, promotions, and offers, whether via the Narcisi Winery website, Narcisi Winery mobile platforms, or elsewhere.To better understand customer preferences and enhance performance. Non-personal information may be used by Narcisi Winery, or its third-party contractors or suppliers, for statistical analysis via standard third-party software. Such information may also be used, in the aggregate, to determine what types of information customers find most beneficial or interesting and to identify system performance or problem areas.To satisfy other operational needs. Narcisi Winery, or its third-party contractors or suppliers, may also use any information that is collected to satisfy other operational needs of Narcisi Winery. Any personal information that is collected by Narcisi Winery or any third-party contractors or suppliers will not be used, under any circumstances, to satisfy the operational needs of any private business or interest, including those of a third-party contractor or supplier, beyond the scope of a specific contract or service being provided to Narcisi Winery.Sharing of InformationAny information collected by Narcisi Winery or its third-party contractors or suppliers when you use or access the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms will not be shared or disclosed with anyone, except as specifically set forth herein.Please note that pursuant to applicable law, Narcisi Winery is strictly prohibited from selling or otherwise disclosing names, addresses, and/or any other information that would identify personal purchase choices of individual consumers under any circumstances.Narcisi Winery may share non-personal information, such as aggregate usage data, with third-parties to improve the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms. Third-parties may use the non-personal information to improve their own services, consistent with their own privacy policies.Narcisi Winery will only share personal information under the following circumstances:To enable a third-party or supplier to perform contracted services. Narcisi Winery may contract with third-party contractors or suppliers to perform various services related to the operation of the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms, including but not limited to hosting or operating services, assisting with advertising, analyzing data, processing transactions, fulfilling orders, providing platform maximization, and supplying marketing or promotional support. Narcisi Winery may share your personally identifiable information with such third-party contractors or suppliers to provide the products or services that you request, and/or to otherwise enhance your shopping experience. Narcisi Winery is not responsible for the privacy practices of its third-party contractors or suppliers, although all vendors are contractually bound to ensure the privacy of any personally identifiable information received.To satisfy legal obligations. Narcisi Winery may share or disclose certain personally identifiable information in instances where it is legally obligated to do so, such as if the information is requested pursuant to a valid subpoena or court order, or if the information is requested by law enforcement or other governmental authorities for purposes of enforcing a violation of law.When you have specifically consented. Narcisi Winery may share your personally identifiable information with third parties whenever you have specifically consented to sharing or disclosing such information. Narcisi Winery may also receive your personally identifiable information from third parties in the same manner, such as when you connect your social media account(s) with the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms.Access to Information and ChoiceAny information that you enter or provide when creating a customer account through the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms will be open and accessible to you for review and modification at any time simply by logging into your customer account. You are free to choose to discontinue your use of the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms at any time.Please note that it may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from Narcisi Winery's databases without some residual data remaining in back-up storage. Narcisi Winery may also may retain and use your information as needed to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, or to enforce agreements and policies.You may be the given the option to receive some forms of commercial messaging and targeted advertising from Narcisi Winery and its third-party contractors or suppliers. To unsubscribe or opt out of receiving such messaging or advertising you have previously chosen to receive, simply follow the instructions contained in the communications relative to the same. If you have any questions or difficulties in doing so, you may contact Narcisi Winery by email or mail at the addresses set forth below.Please note that Narcisi Winery does not control the privacy settings and preferences maintained by social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and YouTube. If you wish to make changes to those accounts, you may do so by visiting the settings pages of those sites.SecurityAs part of Narcisi Winery's continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information, it has a variety of physical, electronic, and administrative procedures in place to protect your personally identifiable information and online transactions across the Narcisi Winery website and all Narcisi Winery mobile platforms. This includes using Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt your information as it is transmitted between servers and your browser. With regard to purchases, Narcisi Winery is required to protect your payment card information in compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards. As such, your payment card number, including any security codes, will be encrypted and protected from disclosure, except as to the contracted payment processors.Nonetheless, no security system is perfect or impenetrable. While Narcisi Winery will continue to maintain and improve the above measures to safeguard your information, it cannot guarantee that your information will not be accessed through the unauthorized acts of others.You are responsible for protecting the username and password associated with your customer account. You should not divulge your username or password to anyone; Narcisi Winery will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email. It is further recommended that you log out (where applicable) and close the web browser when you have finished using or accessing the Narcisi Winery website and/or any Narcisi Winery mobile platform(s).When contacting Narcisi Winery through any method of communication (phone call, email, text or SMS message, web form, etc.), you must determine whether the method of communication is adequately secure for your purposes prior to providing any confidential or personally identifiable information. Any information sent by you to Narcisi Winery is sent at your own risk; Narcisi Winery cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to Narcisi Winery.External LinkingThe Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms may link or interact with third-party websites, content, or services that are not owned, controlled, or operated by Narcisi Winery, including but not limited to social media websites or platforms. Narcisi Winery does not endorse any specific third-party websites, content, or services, and Narcisi Winery is not liable for any harm or damages related to your use of the same. Please review the privacy polices applicable to any third-party websites, content, or services carefully prior to using the same. Questions or complaints regarding third-party websites, content, or services should be directed to the applicable third party.Modifications or Revisions to Privacy PolicyNarcisi Winery reserves the right to modify or revise this Privacy Policy at any time. Any modifications or revisions that are made to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon being posted to the Narcisi Winery website and/or Narcisi Winery mobile platforms. You are responsible for reading and understanding the Privacy Policy that is posted and in effect each time you use or access the Narcisi Winery website and/or any Narcisi Winery mobile platform(s). Your use of the Narcisi Winery website and/or any Narcisi Winery mobile platform(s) constitutes your acknowledgement of and consent to the posted Privacy Policy. Therefore, you are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy regularly. Narcisi Winery, in its discretion, may also provide additional notices regarding changes to the Privacy Policy.Contact InformationIf you have any questions or comments about the information presented in this Privacy Policy, you can contact Narcisi Winery as follows:By Email: info@narcisiwinery.comBy Mail: 4578 GIBSONIA ROAD, GIBSONIA, PA 15044, UNITED STATES
Cart (0)