https://www.bannerdaycamp.com/privacy-policy/
Banner is NOW HIRING for Summer 2021! Apply on our website and call us at 847.295.4900 to schedule a virtual interview.
Privacy Policy
Banner Day Camp takes precautions to protect you and your camper’s information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Information gathered will only be used for camp business and in a manner that is consistent with your expectations. In addition, you also have a responsibility, as a user of our website, to safeguard your information. We stand behind this privacy policy.
Security
We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. All enrollment forms, staff applications and payment information are submitted and transmitted through a secure connection. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Banner Day Camp will only collect the information necessary to conduct our business and are for our campers and staff. Only employees who need the information to perform their job at camp are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computer/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Tracking and Statistics
Banner Day Camp does track how visitors use our online services. These tracking systems tells us on which page someone entered our website, what pages were visited, and the amount of time spent on our website, but they do not capture any information that personally identifies a visitor. This information is used for internal review to help us in the management and development of our website.
Cookies
Banner Day Camp uses “cookies” on our website. A cookie is a small piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Cookies cannot deliver viruses.
General Disclaimer
Banner Day Camp’s website contains links to other sites; we make every effort to provide links that are appropriate and reliable. We do not endorse these websites including and not limited to their products, information and materials. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Corrections
Please contact the camp office if you would like to change any information that you have already provided.
Email: info@bannerdaycamp.com
Phone: 847.295.4900
Mail: Banner Day Camp, 1177 Riverwoods Road, Lake Forest IL 60045