http://www.keele.ac.uk/discover/campuslife/sportatkeele/gymmembershipandfitnessclasses/bookclassesandactivities/termsandconditions/
Covid-19 information and FAQs for applicants, students and staff >
Terms and conditions
Fitness centre rules and regulations
The membership
There is no membership joining or cancellation fee.
At all times members must log or sign in to gain entry to the Fitness Centre.
Membership is strictly non-transferrable and cannot be suspended, frozen or re-sold to a third party. The only exception to this would be for a medical reason, in which case a doctor’s note will be required.
All memberships are valid from the date of purchase until the date of expiry.
Memberships may be terminated by Keele Sports Centre where membership cards or details are deliberately given to others for fraudulent use.
Members must be 16 or over.
Membership prices are displayed at reception and are available on the website.
Keele Sports Centre is a member of the BUCS Universal Membership Scheme; ask at Reception for further details.
Conduct
Members are expected to maintain a high standard of personal hygiene at all times.
Members are to store their belongings and personal items in the lockers provided prior to using the gym.
Use of inappropriate language is not permitted at any time.
No member shall attempt to use the facilities whilst under the influence of alcohol, narcotics or other mood altering substances.
Dress
Members must wear appropriate clothing, t-shirt or vest, shorts or tracksuit bottoms and clean trainers.
Physical condition
For safety reasons members are responsible for using all equipment correctly, using all club facilities correctly and the reading of any signage. Members use the facilities at their own risk; the Sports Centre does not accept responsibility for any harm or injury to any customer unless caused by employees of the University.
Members warrant that they are in suitable physical health to undertake their chosen activity and know of no medical or other reason why they are incapable of engaging in active or passive exercise.  None of our staff are medically qualified; if you are in doubt about your fitness or ability to exercise, we strongly recommend that you obtain advice from your GP beforehand.
We strongly advise all members to complete an induction to the gym and members should ask for an induction if not offered.  If you are not sure how to use any of the equipment, always ask a member of staff to demonstrate.
General etiquette
Members must bring their own towel with them to all sessions and must wipe down all equipment after use, using the disinfectant spray provided, in order to maintain hygiene standards.
At busy times members may be asked to limit the amount of time spent on each piece of equipment.
Members are requested to report any faulty or malfunctioning equipment immediately to a member of the Sports Centre staff.
Members are requested to advise management if dissatisfied with any element of the service provided.
Members may use their mobile phone, but consideration must be given to other members at all times.
Photographs must not be taken in any area of the Sports Centre without seeking prior written approval from staff.
No food is to be consumed by members in the activity area and no open top cups are allowed in the activity area.
Members are asked to return all equipment to its original place as a matter of courtesy and equipment should not be removed from the Fitness Centre at any time.
Refunds and cancellations
You may cancel your membership within 10 days of joining, provided that you have not used the Centre on more than one occasion.  You will need to confirm this in person or in writing.
Memberships will only be suspended on medical grounds by an authorised employee of the Sports Centre and will require written and signed medical evidence from a doctor.  This suspension will be for a maximum of 6 months.
Facility bookings rules and regulations
All bookings must be cancelled or moved at least 24 hours in advance, bookings cancelled after this period will be charged.
Members may make advance bookings as follows:
students/staff 3 weeks in advance
standard 2 weeks in advance
Peak times are from 5pm-10pm Monday to Friday.  All other times are off-peak, including weekends.
Payment must be made in full at point of booking.
All bookings are for 55 minutes with the exception of squash courts which are 40 minutes.
Keele University Sport Centre reserve the right to change the hall, court or pitch if required.
Members are to store their belongings in lockers or designated areas prior to commencing their activity.
Members MUST be considerate of others participating in activities alongside them.
No unauthorised use of the facilities or rooms may occur, including (but not limited to) the use of the Sports Centre for the teaching of personal classes without the express written permission of the Head of Sport.  Anyone found using the equipment or rooms for activities that are unauthorised will be requested to immediately cease their activities, and any future bookings connected with this will immediately be cancelled. No refunds will be given on the bookings taken.
All relevant paperwork and agreed terms and conditions must be completed and signed off prior to any block bookings and advanced bookings taking place as stated in the terms and condition of those bookings.
All activities are UNSUPERVISED.
Keele University Sports Centre has the right to cancel and/or alter bookings with respect to Public Holiday periods and/or Keele University Conference Bookings. Advanced notice will be given where possible.
The person making the booking must be present and playing at the booking. If they are not, Keele Sport centre reserves the right to charge any differences in price levels or immediately cease their activities.
Privacy notice policy (summary)
Your privacy is extremely important to Keele University Sports Centre so we will only use the information you provide about yourself to help us manage and improve our service to you. This will include managing your booking and associated payments and for legitimate purposes of analysing trends for participation in sport activities, which will also inform our planning for delivery.
Personal data provided through application or enquiry process is used to respond to your requests. We will only collect the data that is necessary to process your membership, enquiry or booking with us.
If you provide us with any written or verbal feedback or testimonials, we will not publish those without your prior written consent.
You can find full details of our Privacy Notice Policy, including details of your rights and how to complain, at: https://www.keele.ac.uk/sport/privacypolicy/
Other
You agree to provide a recent photograph for the purposes of the management of your membership and to comply with the Gym Etiquette shown within this document and displayed online.  This extends to opening hours of facilities and your conduct.  We may change our Gym Etiquette if this is reasonably necessary.
There may be occasions where we have to close all or part of the gym or Sports Centre, or withdraw certain activities.  In such circumstances you will not be entitled to any partial or full refund. We will endeavour to advise members in advance, wherever possible, unless the issue is urgent or an emergency and will try to keep such closures to off peak hours and kept to a minimum.  Where possible bookings or classes will be transferred or rescheduled.
We will not be liable for, or responsible for, failure to perform any part of our obligations under this agreement which is caused by an event that is outside our reasonable control.
Cars parked on the University car parks are left at the owner’s risk.  The University will accept no liability for loss or damage to any vehicles.
In line with the University’s recycling policy, members are requested to recycle plastic bottles and place all other rubbish in the relevant bins provided.
All Classes not attended and not cancelled at least 24 hours in advance will incur a charge, including members on all inclusive memberships.
Contact
For further information please visit us on campus at Keele Sports Centre,call the Sports Centre Reception: 01782 733368, go to our website: www.keele.ac.uk/sportor email: sport@keele.ac.uk
Keep an eye out on our social media channels for online classes, fitness programmes and top tips to stay active from home.