https://www.globalworkstravel.com/privacy-policy/
About Global Works
Our RootsWhy Global Works?Meet Our TeamEmploymentGlobal Works Community FundSolidarity Statement
Privacy Policy
Global Works – Privacy and Use Policy
Global Works has created this Privacy Policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we protect user’s personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for the website located at the www.globalworkstravel.com
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information. It also describes your choices regarding use, as well as your rights of access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to info@globalworkstravel.com
Information We Collect and How Information is Used
Global Works makes use of personal information and online forms may ask users to provide contact information that may include name, email address, address, interests, and other information that we deem important to the application and registration process.
> We will never sell your information to a third party.
> We will never give your information to a third party for permanent use without your permission.
Use by Global Works
When you visit the Global Works website, create an account on Global Works website, and/or request information online, you may receive emails about our summer service learning and community service programs for high school teens and middle school students. If you do not wish to hear from us, use the unsubscribe feature on these emails and/or contact us directly.
Personal Information includes Navigational Information or Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual.
Navigational information refers to information about your computer and your visits to the Websites such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the “Use of Navigation Information” section below.
We may use your personal information to send information or Global Works content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business.
Security
Highly sensitive information provided to Global Works is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our website that is only accessible by certain qualified employees of Global Works. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
Cookies
When you visit the Global Works website, Global Works and third party vendors such as Google and Facebook use cookies to serve ads in the future (both display ads and search-based ads) based on your visits to the website. If you would like to opt-out of Google’s cookies, you may visit their advertising opt-out page. You may also use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page for a more complete overview of remarketing cookies and the ability to opt-out of those listed.
Other Websites
Global Works websites contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which Global Works has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share Button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by emailing us at info@globalworkstravel.com
Terms of Use for www.globalworkstravel.com
Prohibited Uses of Information: Use of the Global Works websites and/or the information stored therein for commercial or business purposes of any kind, for personal gain or for political purposes, is prohibited. Prohibited activities also include, but are not limited to solicitations for commercial services, harvesting of information, cold-calling and mass-mailings. Abuse Reporting and Privacy Inquiries: Users wishing to report abuse or to inquire about privacy concerns are invited to contact Global Works.
Indemnification
By using our websites, users agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Global Works and its respective employees, agents and assigns from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs, and expenses that may arise from use of the site, and/or from user breach of these policies. Global Works reserves the right to participate in the investigation, settlement, and defense of any such action or claim. Global Works reserves the right to approve choice of counsel, and any potential settlement of such a claim.
Contacting Global Works: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us.
About Global Works
Our RootsWhy Global Works?Meet Our TeamEmploymentGlobal Works Community FundSolidarity Statement
Contact Us
Enroll Now
We use cookies on our website. Click the 'continue button' or keep using our site to consent to our cookie policy as described in our privacy policy.ContinuePrivacy policy