http://www.heritageacresrvpark.com/privacy_policy
Heritage Acres RV Park - Privacy Policy Heritage Acres RV Park Tuscumbia, AlabamaCall: 256-383-7368Text: 404-625-2070 1770 Neil Morris RDTuscumbia, AL 35674ph: 256-383-7368Home Reservations RV Supply Store Rates Site Types & Facilities Park Rules Driving Directions - Contact Us Local Attractions Park Map How To Find Us - PRINTABLE MAP Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyHeritage Acres RV Park is committed to providing you with an efficient and customized Internet experience. We are also committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring your Internet experience is secure. That is why we want you to be informed about your privacy choices when you visit our website. These online Privacy Policies describe the information we collect through our website, our reservation system, and Heritage Acres RV Park; how we use that information, and how we protect your personally identifiable information. What information do we collect?We collect information from you that allows us to provide services and content that are customized to your needs.When you use our reservation system or call our reservation telephone number, we collect personally identifiable information that you supply, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, reservation preference and credit card details. We may also ask for additional information such as reservation preferences or special needs for your stay.Children's Privacy: Our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information for persons under the age of 18. How do we use the information we collect?We do not sell, trade, rent, or release your personal information to anyone outside our company, except properly authorized law enforcement officials. We and our affiliates use the personal information you provide voluntarily to administer our business activities, provide customer service, and contact you concerning your stay. ReservationsThe personal information collected in the reservation system is needed to secure and process your reservation. Some of your personally identifiable information will be processed to complete your transaction. Only that personal information which is reasonably required to facilitate your reservations is collected.We will use your email address to send a confirmation and, if necessary, might use the other information to contact you regarding your reservation. We may also use your email address to:send you a pre-arrival message summarizing your confirmation details and providing other information about the area;follow up with you after your stay. Do you share my personal information with third parties? Heritage Acres RV Park does not share your personal information with any outside parties, except properly authorized law enforcement officials. Automatic logging of connection informationWe automatically log generic information about your computer's connection to the Internet. This information consists of things such as IP address, operating system and type of browser software being used and the activities conducted by the user while on our site. We collect this information to help us analyze what items visitors find most interesting, how visitors navigate our site. The information is also used for troubleshooting of technical problems. No personally-identifiable information is collected in this process. SecurityWe take steps to protect against the loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration of personally-identifiable information collected through this Web site. We recognize the importance of security for all personally-identifiable information collected by our Web site. We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers.Once we receive personally-identifiable information as part of the reservation process, we take steps to protect its security on our systems. In the event we request or transmit sensitive information, such as credit card information, we use industry standard, secure socket layer ("SSL") encryption. What about changes to the Privacy Policies?By using our site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy. Heritage Acres RV Park reserves the right to modify this privacy and security policy and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site. Any changes to this policy become effective upon posting of the revised policy to this site. Use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect.Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.Web Hosting by Yahoo!  1770 Neil Morris RDTuscumbia, AL 35674ph: 256-383-7368