https://www.rcall.org/privacy-policy/
Home  /  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Spread the lovePrivacy Policy
RCall.org is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us by clicking here if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
CONSENT
By using this site or/and our services, you consent and agree to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms of Service and Conditions; by agreeing to Terms of Service you also agree to this Policy. In the event of collision of terms used in Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, the latter shall prevail.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE OUR WEBSITE/SERVICES OR PARTICIPATE IN OUR SERVICES.
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) – RCall.org
Data Protection Principles
We aim to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent.
Our Processing activities have lawful grounds.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data we gather
Information you have provided us with
This might be your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address etc – mainly information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your shopping cart information, your IP address, your shopping history (if there is any) etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Information from our partners
We gather information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us. This is either information you have provided them directly with or that they have gathered about you on other legal grounds. See the list of our partners here.
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes for example registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience.
fulfill an obligation under law or contract.
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you.
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product.
to communicate either for sales or invoicing.
On the ground of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you personalized offers* (from us and/or our carefully selected partners).
to administer and analyse our client base (purchasing behavior and history) in order to improve the quality, variety, and availability of products/ services offered/provided.
to conduct questionnaires concerning client satisfaction.
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or same to your purchasing history/browsing behavior to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters and campaign offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
for other purposes we have asked your consent for.
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfill obligations rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymise Personal Data gathered and to use any such data (Anonymized data is NOT Personal Data). We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymised. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make providing the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience. We share your data with:
Our processing partners:
Siteground (our web hosting provider).
Google Analytics (they provide analytics software).
We only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe.  We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behavior, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalized features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review here. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
Last modification was made May 25, 2018.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND CONSENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICIES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY PAGE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF SERVICE REFERENCED HEREIN.
To request removal of your data that may be stored or collected by this website, click here.
Follow us
facebook
twitter
instagram
Recent ReviewsMidwest iCrate Folding Metal Dog Crate ReviewMidwest Solution Series Ginormos Double Door Dog Crate ReviewNew World Folding Metal Dog Crate ReviewPetsfit Dog House Outdoor ReviewSuncast DH350 Dog House Review
Recent ArticlesDog House Size: How to Take Accurate MeasurementsHow Big Should a Dog House Be?How to Choose A Dog HouseHow to Insulate a Dog House
Some recommended products may use affiliate links. Rcall.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates.
Copyright © 2019 Rcall | All Rights Reserved.