https://www.suntreckers.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
About
News
Calendar
Rally List
The Trecker
Committee
FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Suntreckers Privacy Notice
This privacy policy sets out how Suntreckers will deal with your ‘personal information’, that is, information that could identify, or is related to the identity of, an individual.
What information do we collect?
Suntreckers will collect basic personal data about you and your family from your membership application, annual renewal form or from a rally booking form, which includes:
Personal information (such as Name, DOB, Gender, BN Membership No, Address, Telephone, Email, Children’s Names and DOB)
Communication preferences (digital or postal)
Rally attendance information including accessibility requirements
When you visit the Suntrecker website, we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your login information, your geographic location, browser details, operating system and platform
Information about your visit, including the source of your visit, the full click path, mouse movement, services you viewed, searches made on our sites, page response times, download errors, length of visit, page interaction information and methods used to browse away from the page. This information may be collected using a website recording service.
At the point that you provide your personal information for membership purposes, we will also request that you provide consent for us to store and use your data. Your consent is required to ensure our compliance with data protection legislation, specifically the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Why we need your data
We need to know your basic personal data to:
Provide you with information on rallies and plan rally events
Deliver newsletters and updates on Suntrecker activities, either digitally or by post
Administer and develop Suntrecker activities
Confirm your membership for full access to the Suntreckers website
We will not collect any personal data from you we do not need.
What we do with your data
For the purposes of administering Suntreckers membership, website access and rally attendance, all the personal data we hold may be processed within Suntreckers by members of the Committee, Rally Officers and other legitimate Suntrecker persons in the UK.  No 3rd parties will have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so. To ensure the information we hold is accurate and up to date, members need to inform Suntreckers of any changes to their personal information. You can do this by contacting the Membership Secretary at any time. Membership Secretary details can be found in the reay book or follow the link
HERE to send an email.
How you know what data we hold about you
On an annual basis you will have the opportunity to update your information, as required, via the membership renewal process.  Should you wish to view the information that Suntreckers holds on you, you can make this request by contacting the Membership Secretary – as detailed above. There may be certain circumstances where we are not able to comply with this request. This would include where the information may contain references to another individual or for legal, investigative or security reasons. Otherwise we will usually respond within 14 days of the request being made.
How long we keep your data
We will keep all your basic personal data whilst you are a member of Suntreckers and for a maximum of 10 years after your membership ends, after which time it will be destroyed.  Some anonymous data may be kept for historical purposes, but this will not include your name, full address or contact details.
What are your rights
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you can request to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to comment or raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact us to have the matter investigated. The GDPR team can be contacted by selecting GDPR from the contact page HERE.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/
Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. Examples of the types of cookies which we use are:
Analytical cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily. Session cookies. These allow users to remain logged into the site whilst browsing different pages.
We do not allow third parties to place cookies on our site nor provide any marketing data to third parties.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Join Here
Login StatusUsername or EmailPassword Forgot?  RegisterFacebookFacebook
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events.
View Calendar
Add
Add to Timely Calendar
Add to Google
Add to Outlook
Add to Apple Calendar
Add to other calendar
Export to XML
Looking for something?
Search for:
Recent Posts
2020 AGM Documents
Coffee mornings by Zoom
Yearbook 2020
Can you help?
Renew your Membership for 2020 Now!
Site Counter
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close