https://www.jpmediallc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyJP Media LLC Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for JPMediaLLC.com and all of the websites managed by JP Media LLC, PO Box 5000, N7528 Aanstad Road, Iola WI 54945-5000.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website and all websites of JP Media LLC, including but not limited to:
jpmediallc.com
cessnaowner.org (and its forum)
dollsmagazine.com (and its online store)
handmade-business.com
homeschoolbenefits.com
piperowner.org (and its forum)
smart-retailer.com
sunshineartist.com (and its forum)
todayschristianliving.org
todayspastor.org
This Privacy Policy will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site and the websites of JP Media LLC. We only have access to, or collect, information that you voluntarily give us via e-mail or other direct contact from you. We may, on occasion, sell or rent this information, including e-mail list rentals by our brands and our brands’ marketing partners.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via e-mail in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address. The address allows our server to deliver the information you request from us, such as an article or a form for posting to a Forum. We also collect visitors’ IP addresses in their domain-name form, allowing us to understand for instance how many visitors access our site through various service providers. We collect this information on an individual basis and in aggregate (combined) form.
We also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. We use the information to improve the content of our web pages and to customize the content and layout of our pages.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via our Contact Form
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Please note that most of our contacts with customers are via e-mail and the easiest way to manage your e-mail frequency from JP Media LLC and its partners is to use the Unsubscribe links at the bottom of the e-mails themselves.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, JP Media LLC customers who are California residents can request certain information about the sharing of their own personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year. California residents can request this disclosure by sending a request to JP Media LLC California Privacy Request, PO Box 5000, Iola WI 54945-5000, or by email via our Contact Form. To help us process your request, please provide e-mail address and First and Last Name, and let us know which of our brands you use, so we can identify you in our records.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. JP Media LLC strives to protect your privacy and ensure your personal details are not misused, accidentally destroyed, lost or altered within JP Media LLC.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
Some of our websites, including but not limited to Forums for our Cessna, Piper and Sunshine Artist brands, require that a user first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and e-mail address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required. As always when JP Media LLC gathers an e-mail address, your e-mail address may be used to send promotional e-mails from JP Media LLC and/or our marketing partners, until you choose to unsubscribe.
Orders
We request information from you on our order forms for those sites that have purchase options, including the Dolls Online Store. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name, e-mail address and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on all of our websites. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside shipping company to ship some orders in our online stores, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We partner with other parties to provide specific services, including but not limited to e-mail services Constant Contact and Mailchimp and circulation company SFG. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, e-mail address and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes and in addition, JP Media LLC, its marketing partners, and the Prize Suppliers (if any) may contact entrants via e-mail, until entrants choose to unsubscribe. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site, along with the usage of the e-mail address as noted.
Advertisements
JP Media LLC uses a service to deliver advertisements on our website. This service may note some of the pages you visit. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, this service may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer.
For advertisements appearing in our digital applications, we may share anonymous information regarding advertisement viewing patterns with our advertisers, but will not reveal any personal details of individual customers.
JP Media LLC also uses 3rd party vendor remarketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the Internet, using services including but not limited to the Google Content Network. We are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The services we use will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to those websites. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines and Policies.
Changes to this statement
We reserve the right to alter the privacy policy. Alterations may be in relation to changes in our services or the law. Any changes will be reflected in this statement, which should be checked periodically.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 715-445-5000 or via our Contact Form.
Office Hours: M – F, 8AM to 5PM CSTN7528 Aanstad Rd., Iola, WI 54945(715) 445-5000
Contact
About
JP Media LLC SBA Award
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy