http://www.historic66.com/privacy/
Historic Route 66 > Privacy Statement
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. Therefore, we minimize
any intrusions while balancing this with the need to keep
the site operating securely and free of charge.
In order to do that, we adhere to industry standards
and follow that evolution.
Logs
The logs kept on this website are industry standard
logs and are used for statistical purposes as well as
troubleshooting of issues with the server and/or the
interaction of the server with users reporting problems.
Access logs that contain your IP address are removed
on a daily basis after statistical analysis. The analysis
does not keep track of your IP address. Error logs are
kept for a week. This period can be extended during the
investigation of (security) incidents as needed up to a
maximum of a month.
Logs could also accidentally end up on backups and
remain there for a longer period of time off-line. These
logs will not be accessed and will be wiped should the
backup ever be used.
Cookies
We use session cookies to enhance your experience and
to allow statistical analysis of visitor behavior. This
analysis is anonymous and aimed to allow to enhance the
website and improve your experience.
Session cookies expire at the end of a browser session
and hence cannot be used to track you long-term nor across
websites.
EU and EEA considerations
Forum
Due to the GDPR becoming enforceable, we terminated
our forum on May 24th 2018. We cannot assume the risks
this legislation poses to us, and hence suggest our visitors to interact with us and each other via
a Facebook group.
We are aware of the irony of suggesting our visitors to use
Facebook in order for us to comply with a law that is
supposed to increase privacy.
Google Adsense
We have removed Google Adsense ads for visitors coming
to us from the EEA. This is mostly due to Google not
assuming full responsibility for their ads.
Cookies
We have globally removed the use of Google Analytics
(it doesn't work without cookies)
We have globally removed direct advertising from
our partners Amazon and
Apple and replaced it with
our own implementations where the partner cannot track
you as long as stay on our website.
We have removed Google Adsense advertising for
visitors from the EEA.
As a result, we only use session cookies and offer no
more cookie warning pop-ups to our EU or EEA based
visitors.
Contact form
We have disabled our contact form for visitors from
the EEA as we do not want to collect personal identifiable
information. Users in the EEA are suggested to contact us through
our Facebook page instead.
The contact form remains available for users outside of the EEA.
Youtube embedded content
We have replaced youtube embedded content with content
we are serving ourselves where possible.
Where we don't have the needed rights to serve such
content ourselves, we have removed the embedded content
for users in the EEA.
The embedded content that cannot
be replaced by our own content remains available for users
outside of the EEA.
Embedded content
As a result of removing embedded content from:
Amazon advertising
Apple advertising
Google analytics
Google custom search engine
for all visitors, and:
Youtube embedded videos
Google adsense
Google reCaptcha
for our visitors from the EEA, we are confident we
have no more embedded content that any of our partners
could use to track our EEA based visitors while they
remain on our site.
Facebook
Facebook pages and groups offer "insights" to
administrators based on anonymous statistics that give
population insights on gender, age, location and language.
We cannot disable this information from being made available
to us by Facebook, but we pledge not to process, store
or make use of it ourselves.
Google Adsense
This is only relevant for users not in the EEA.
Google Adsense is a critical revenue source in order
to keep this website free for its visitors.
In order to implement Adsense, we have to allow Google
to run scripts that will attempt to set cookies when you
visit one of the pages with such ads on them.
The content of these cookies and the manner they are
handled is completely in control of Google, not of this
website.
We do not use any 3rd party network within Google
Adsense.
We have disabled interest-based ads: this means that
we do not allow Google to use our site to build a picture
of what you're interested in. To completely get rid of
it, you have to disable showing what you are interested
in built up on other sites directly with Google yourself
(see below).
Google Adsense requires this site to warn that Google can use
cookies
and/or web
beacons to collect data in the ad serving
process.
These cookies ("DART") can
be used by Google to track your visits on other websites,
gauge your interest and allow Google to deliver you ads based
on that interest.
You can opt
out of interest based advertising.
Read more on Google
privacy policies ...
We have disabled showing of personalized ads in the
EEA. But we do no longer show Google ads to users recognized
to be coming to us from the EEA.
More information ...
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
http://www.aboutcookies.org/
California considerations
For our Californian visitors, we have instructed Google
Ads to restrict their processing of all traffic from our
Californian visitors to be compliant with the California
Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) without the need to opt-out
by any individual user.
We believe we have excellent privacy protections in
place, well above the industry standards. Hence, we
do not react any different to any DNT signals we receive
from browsers.
This policy was last updated on
Nov 21st 2019.
Effective immediately.