https://www.easyjet.com/en/holidays/info/booking-conditions
Booking ConditionsThe following easyJet holidays terms and conditions are for customers that have booked directly with us on easyJet.com/holidays or through our Customer Service team.  If your booking was made through a Travel Agent you'll have different booking conditions.
1. Introduction
These are the legal terms and conditions (the “Terms”) which apply to your package holiday booking with easyJet holidays Limited. We are a company registered in England, whose registered number is 11927917 and whose registered office is at Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton, Bedfordshire, LU2 9PF.
“Terms” means these terms and conditions and our Website Terms of Use, Credit on Account Terms & Conditions (governing the provision of easyJet holidays online credit), Privacy Policy, and Cookies Policy, copies of which are available at:
Terms of Use
Credit on Account Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
In these Terms when we refer to “we", "us" and "our" we mean easyJet holidays Limited. When we refer to "you" and "your" we mean the person making the booking and (where applicable) all persons named on your booking confirmation and in your travel party.
“easyJet” means easyJet Airline Company Limited, a company registered in England (company no 3034606), whose registered office is at Hangar 89, London Luton Airport, Luton LU2 9PF
When certain words and phrases are in these Terms, they are defined terms with the meaning given below:
"child" is a child over two years old on the return date of the holiday and under 16 years old on the return date of the holiday.
"infant" is a child under two years old on the return date of the holiday.
“unavoidable and extraordinary circumstance” means a situation beyond the control of the party who invokes such a situation and the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all reasonable measures had been taken. These include war, threat of war, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist activity and its consequences, industrial disputes, natural and nuclear disasters, fire, epidemics, health risks and pandemics, unavoidable and unforeseeable technical problems with transport for reasons beyond our control or that of our suppliers, closed or congested airports (save overbooking), hurricanes and other actual or potential severe weather condition.
You should read these Terms carefully before you book to see how they affect your specific travel arrangements. The acceptance of these Terms is a condition of purchasing a package holiday from easyJet holidays.
There may be other restrictions and conditions on specific offers, but these are explained in the details of those offers and subject to acceptance of that offer.
2. How to contact us
If you need to contact us regarding your holiday please use our contact details available on our Contact Us page.
3. Your holiday booking
A booking will exist as soon as we generate a booking reference in our systems. We will issue a booking confirmation via the confirmation page on our website or verbally by our operator if booked through our Customer Sales Team, both of which are followed up by email confirmation. A booking is made on these Terms.
Your booking reference will be displayed on your booking confirmation.
If you think you have made a booking but have not received a booking reference or booking confirmation, please contact us.
When you make a booking you confirm that you have the authority to accept and you do accept on behalf of your party these Terms.
When you make a booking and you are logged into your easyJet.com account, it will add the booking to your account.  Otherwise you can link the booking to your account after it has been confirmed.  If you don’t have an account, we will create an account for you (using the email address you use to make the booking), allowing you to manage your booking. Please see our Privacy Policy for more details.
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the personal details or any other information supplied in respect of yourself and any other person travelling on the booking. Please check all the details carefully and contact us immediately if there are any errors in your booking details.
Whether you book alone or as a group, we will only deal with the lead booking name in relation to booking payments, amendments and cancellations. In making this booking you accept and ensure that:
You are over the age of 18 and have full legal capacity and sufficient authorisation to make bookings and enter into legal agreements.
You have the consent of all persons named in the booking, as well as the authorisation of the parents of any persons under 18 years of age that are named in the booking.
You have read all the Terms and agree (on behalf of yourself and all other persons named on the booking) to be bound by them and any applicable service provider's booking conditions.
You are responsible for informing all persons named in the booking with regards to all relevant details; including but not limited to the statements set out in our Privacy Policy, information on schedule changes or copies of booking confirmations.
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the personal details or any other information supplied in respect of yourself and any other person travelling on the booking.
You are responsible for any payments related to the booking.
You accept the financial responsibility for all transactions made in your name or via your bank account
You notify us at the time of booking of any personal circumstances and needs of any person included in the booking including, without limitation, whether any such person requires additional assistance (for example, if you or a member of your party have difficulty in walking 500 metres) and;
You notify us at any time from the time of booking until 48 hours prior to the holiday starting/ flight’s departure by calling our Customer Services Team if any person travelling on the booking requires special assistance or if special assistance previously requested is no longer required.
We will confirm as soon as possible accessible transfer and accessible room availability, please be aware that we can’t guarantee this and this may be up to 48 hours prior to travel as this will vary dependant on hotel. Where an accessible transfer is required an additional fee may be chargeable.
It is important that you have sufficient insurance in place to cover you and all other members of your party, including infants and children. Please ensure that you have a valid travel insurance policy in place from the time of booking.
It is your responsibility to secure the appropriate passport, visa and other immigration documents required for your holiday, and/or to comply with any health formalities required. We do not accept any responsibility if you cannot travel because you have not complied with the passport, visa, and immigration requirements and / or you fail to comply with all applicable health requirements.  If you are travelling to Europe after 1 January 2021, you will need to check the latest government advice regarding passports (and visas) relating to Brexit.  For more information see our website at https://www.easyjet.com/en/help/boarding-and-flying/brexit.
You need to be confident that your holiday is right for you. Please visit the Foreign Commonwealth & Development Office website or visit www.gov.uk/travelaware. Packed with essential travel advice and tips, these websites offer a wealth of country-specific information. The advice can change, so please check regularly for updates.
The combination of travel services offered to you is a package within the meaning of the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 which are shown at the end of these booking conditions. Therefore, you will benefit from all EU rights applying to packages. The Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 can be found here.
4. Personal Data
By accepting the Terms, and pursuant to UK legislation, including European legislation applicable in the UK on data protection and particular legal aspects of electronic commerce, you consent and authorise us to request from the contracted service providers and process any personal information relating to you or your group. We process your personal information so far as necessary to allow us and our suppliers to deliver your holiday and this may involve the transfer of data outside the EEA. Further information on the processing of your personal data can be found in our Group Privacy Policy.
Such information shall be treated in compliance with UK legislation, including European legislation applicable in the UK, as well as any other such legislation that substitutes, complements or elaborates the privacy and data protection legislation, and will be used to process bookings and payments made at your request.
For the purposes of these Terms, personal information includes, but is not limited to: any telephone numbers, e-mail addresses, addresses, signatures, ID or passport details, credit card details, personal preferences, disabilities, or any other personal information related to you or your group that may be relevant for your booking.
When you provide personal data to us which relates to another person, you must obtain their consent for you to provide such data to us for processing in relation to the booking. If they do not consent, you must not provide such information to us.
5. Your holiday is financially protected – ATOL
We provide financial protection for our flight inclusive package by way of our ATOL, license number 11694 issued by the Civil Aviation Authority, Gatwick Airport South, West Sussex, RH6 0YR, UK, telephone +44 (0)333 103 6350, email claims@caa.co.uk.
When you buy an ATOL protected flight inclusive package from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if you need to make a claim.
We will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate, or a suitable alternative. In some cases, where we are unable to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative, at no extra cost to you. You agree to accept that, in those circumstances, the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your agreement to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme, or your credit card issuer where applicable.
If we are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent, (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.
6. Protecting Standards - ABTA
We are a Member of ABTA, membership number Y6633. We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTA’s Code of Conduct. We can also offer you ABTA’s scheme for the resolution of disputes which is approved by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute.
If we can’t resolve your complaint, go to www.abta.com to use ABTA’s simple procedure. Further information on the Code and ABTA’s assistance in resolving disputes can be found on www.abta.com.
You can also access the European Commission Online Dispute (ODR) Resolution platform at http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. This ODR platform is a means of notifying us of your complaint; it will not determine how your complaint should be resolved.
7. Complaints
If you have a complaint about any of the services included in your holiday, you must inform the supplier of the service in question locally without undue delay who will endeavour to put things right. If it is not resolved locally, please contact us straight away through our 24/7 Holiday Hub and we will seek to assist you.
If you are still not satisfied then please follow this up as soon as possible after your return home and within 28 days by writing to our Customer Services Team giving your booking reference and all relevant information, including contact telephone information.
If you fail to follow the requirement to report your complaint whilst in destination, we will have been deprived of the opportunity to investigate and rectify it and this may affect your rights under this booking. Please also see Section 6 above (on Protecting Standards – ABTA).
8. The price of your holiday
Before making your booking, you will be informed as part of the pre-contractual information that we provide to you about the existence of additional costs arising or likely to arise from the services included in your booking and associated with the holiday booked. All prices advertised on our website reflect the total price including sales taxes. However in certain destinations you may need to pay tourist/city taxes locally. Where known to us we will endeavour to indicate these amounts at time of booking / in your booking confirmation.
Telephone bookings will incur an additional £15 booking charge.
All prices advertised on our website are accurate at the date published but we use a dynamic pricing model which means that our pricing can go up or down.
9. Paying for your holiday
When you make your booking you must pay a minimum deposit of £60 per person. If you book 28 days or less before your departure you must pay the full holiday cost at the time of booking. You will be advised at the time of booking of the payment terms.
When you pay a deposit, we will state on the booking confirmation the balance owed and the due date for the remainder of the payment. You must pay any balance due at least twenty-eight (28) days prior to the date of your departure. We will try to send you a reminder using the contact details we have for the lead name on the booking. If the balance is not paid in time, we reserve the right to cancel your booking please see Section 15 (If we cancel your holiday), and we will return your deposit as credit on your easyJet holidays online account.
Payments must be authorised by the cardholder. We reserve the right to cancel or block your holiday payment, or take other action to protect us and our systems, with or without prior notice if:
the payment transaction has an elevated risk of fraud measured by examining a range of pre-set data and based on our extensive knowledge and experience of fraud attempts;
the cardholder did not authorise the payment and claims that the holiday booking is fraudulent;
or we reasonably suspect that the cardholder or passenger is connected to other fraudulent activity.
If we block your payment as set out above, we may request that you make payment with a different payment method or payment card.
easyJet holidays credit on account
If we have offered you (in writing) credit towards a future easyJet holidays booking, and you’ve accepted this offer, supplementary terms and conditions also apply. These terms can be found here and apply to your use of credit to pay for a holiday and our administration of all bookings made using easyJet holidays credit on account.
10. Price changes after making your booking
We can change your holiday price after you’ve booked, only in certain circumstances.
Changes in the level of taxes or fees imposed by third parties (including tourist taxes, landing taxes or embarkation or disembarkation fees at ports and airports), or in exchange rates, mean that the price of your holiday may change after you have booked. However, there will be no change within 20 days of your departure.
We will absorb, and you will not be charged for, any increase equivalent to 2% of the price of your holiday. We may charge you for an amount over and above that. If this results in an increase equivalent to more than 8% of the price of your holiday, you will have the option of accepting a change to another holiday if we are able to offer one (we will refund any price difference if the alternative is of a lower value), or cancelling and receiving a full refund of all monies paid, except for any amendment charges. Should you decide to cancel, you must do so within the time period shown on your final invoice.
Should the price of your holiday go down due to the cost changes mentioned above, we will not make refunds of amounts less than 2% of your holiday price, but you will be entitled to a refund of amounts exceeding 2%, less our administrative expenses incurred. Please note that travel arrangements are not always purchased in local currency and some apparent changes have no impact on the price of your travel due to contractual and other protection in place.
Our holiday prices can go up and down but when you make a booking the price of your holiday is confirmed by us (subject to the conditions above and clause 11 below). If the same holiday you’ve booked is available on our website at a different price after your booking is confirmed, we won’t refund or ask you to pay the difference between those prices.
11. Pricing errors
We endeavour to ensure that all pricing and other information on the website is accurate. However, it is always possible that despite our efforts there may be times when obvious errors occur such as the price or some other detail displayed being incorrect.
If we confirm and process your booking where a pricing or other error is obvious and could reasonably have been recognised by you as a mistake, we reserve the right to terminate the contract and refund you any sums you have paid us.
12. If you change your booking
If, after our booking confirmation has been issued, you wish to change your holiday arrangements in any way, for example your chosen departure date or accommodation, we will do our best to make these changes but it may not always be possible. Please refer to the tables below for information about changes (including details of any amendment fees payable).
Any request for change must be made online using ‘self-service’ (where possible) or through our Customer Services Team, by the lead person who made the booking. If the changes are possible and you do not use self-service, there will be an administration charge as per the table below.  This is in addition to any increase in the price of the new arrangements including charges made by suppliers. You should be aware that these prices could increase the closer to the departure date that changes are made and you should contact us as soon as possible.
When changing your holiday details, the price of your new holiday arrangements will be based on the price that applies on the day you make the change. These prices may not be the same as when you first made your booking. If the new price is lower and you make the change more than twenty-eight (28) days before travel, we will apply the reduction to the amount you have to pay. You won’t be entitled to a price reduction if the change is made within twenty-eight (28) days of travel.
Note: Certain holiday arrangements may not be changed after a booking has been made and any change request could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of the price.
You can transfer your booking to another person, who satisfies all the conditions that apply to this booking, including the same party size and adult/child combination, by giving us notice via our Customer Services Team as soon as possible and no later than 3 days before departure. Both you and the new traveller are responsible for paying all costs we incur in making the transfer and the new traveller agrees to comply with the Terms.
You are not permitted to resell or advertise your booking for resale to any other party on any selling platform, social media or other outlet, or for any financial gain.
Destination, date or person changesDestination, date or person changesTiming of change: 21 days or more before travelAmendment fee for making change: Free (online self-service) or £25 using Contact Centre.
Holiday price difference:  If new holiday is more expensive, final balance will update (or have to be paid immediately if change made 28-21 days before departure).  If new holiday is cheaper, final balance will reduce (and a refund made of the difference in cost if already paid), except for changes made 28-21 days before departure where no price reduction/refund will be given.
This includes destination changes, date changes or person change from an adult to a child or vice versaTiming of change: 20 days or less before travel:Cost of making change: Cancellation charges apply (see section 13 below).
This includes destination changes, date changes or person change from an adult to a child or vice versaHotel, flight or name changesHotel, flight or name changesTiming of change: 3 days or more before travel:Amendment fee for making change: Free (online self-service) or £25 using Contact Centre.
Holiday price difference:  If new holiday is more expensive (including any supplier charges we incur), final balance will update (or have to be paid immediately if change made 28-3 days before departure).  If new holiday is cheaper, final balance will reduce (and a refund made of the difference in cost if already paid), except for changes made 28-3 days before departure where no price reduction/refund will be given.
This includes Hotel change (including upgrade/downgrade, or room type, board basis), or; Flight time (within the same day of travel) or; Name change(s), spelling of name(s), or title(s), (excluding changes from an adult place to a child place or vice versa)Timing of change: 2 days or less before travel:Cost of making change: Cancellation charges apply (see section 13 below).
This includes Hotel change (including upgrade/downgrade, or room type, board basis), or; Flight time (within the same day of travel) or; Name change(s), spelling of name(s), or title(s), (excluding changes from an adult place to a child place or vice versa)13. If you cancel your holiday
If you need to cancel your holiday booking, you must contact our Customer Service Team as soon as possible.
You can always cancel your booking without paying cancellation charges if the performance of the travel services included in your package, is significantly affected by unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances. In such circumstances, we will arrange for your booking to be terminated and for you to receive a full refund. We will observe advice provided by the UK Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office in connection with all but essential travel.
In other circumstances, if you want to cancel your holiday package and we are not at fault, we will apply a cancellation charge in accordance with the table set out below. The cancellation charge is calculated according to how many days before your booked departure we receive your cancellation notice, and is to cover our administrative and management costs of cancelling your holiday and to compensate us for the risk that we may be unable to resell your holiday.  If you cancel, you must still pay any insurance premiums and amendment charges which arose before the cancellation.
We will confirm to you the amount of the cancellation charge when you contact us. You will be responsible for paying this charge. If you want to cancel one or more passengers on the booking you will have to pay a proportion of the applicable cancellation charge for those passengers.  If at the time of cancellation, you have paid us more than the cancellation charge, you will be entitled to receive a refund of the difference back.  Cancellation charges (% of total price retained by us):Cancellation charges (% of total price retained by us):28 days or moreCancellation charge: 0%
The deposit will be returned to you as credit to your online easyJet account.  (If you have paid more than the deposit amount of £60pp, the difference will be refunded to your original payment method).27 days to 21 daysCancellation charge of 75% or 50%
You may choose whether to accept a refund of 25% of the full price OR an amount equal to 50% of the full holiday price as online credit to your easyJet account.  This credit will be applied to your online easyJet account (it is not credited to your original payment method)20 days to 14 daysCancellation charge of 75%
We will provide an amount equal to 25% of the original holiday price as credit to your easyJet holidays online account.13 days to 0 daysCancellation charge of 100%Where you are entitled to receive credit to your easyJet holidays online account the supplementary terms set out in the Credit on Account Terms and Conditions will also apply.
14. If we change your holiday, other than price
Our holiday descriptions are based on research of hotels by our teams and information we receive from our suppliers. We plan your holidays many months in advance and changes to hotel information, facilities, activities, services and board basis can occur for a variety of reasons. Hotels may also be affected by building work or renovations. If we’re made aware of changes, we try to include updates on our website. If after booking, we consider that a change is important, we’ll try and tell you about it as explained below. Where we quote transfer times between the airport and resort, these are a guide; the journey time to your chosen hotel may vary.
Your holiday may be affected by extra measures taken relating to COVID-19 or similar, which are outside of our control and which may change the availability of facilities and activities at your hotel or means there’s certain rules or procedures to be followed, including, where applicable, the use of face masks.
We hope that we will not have to make any change to your holiday but, we sometimes do need to make changes.   It is a term of your booking that we are able to make such changes.
Insignificant Changes
If the change is insignificant, we’ll try and tell you about it. Examples of insignificant changes include alteration of your outward/return flights by less than 12 hours, change of accommodation to another of the same or higher standard, changes of carriers.   Where we are unable to provide a seat option that you have paid for we will refund the amount you have paid.
Significant Changes
Occasionally we may need to make a significant change to your holiday. Examples of significant changes include, but are not limited to:
a change in your flight departure time by more than 12 hours;
a change to your departure or arrival airport to one which is significantly more inconvenient to you (this does not include changes between airports in the same city);
a change in your destination locality; or
a change of accommodation to that of a lower category.
A delay to your flight that we need to make within 24 hours before you are due to depart will not be considered a significant change to your holiday unless the delay is for more than 24 hours.
If we make a significant change we will contact you before you travel (if there is time), and we will endeavour to offer you the choice of:
accepting a replacement holiday from us of equivalent standard and price, at the date of the change, if we are able to offer you one; or
accepting a replacement holiday from us of a lower standard, at the date of the change if we are able to offer you one and recover from us the difference in price between the holiday originally purchased and the lower standard holiday; or
cancelling your holiday with us and receive a full refund of all monies paid.
If there is a significant change within 28 days of departure, we will also pay you compensation, using the compensation table shown below, unless the change is due to unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances.
Please check the notification of changes carefully and let us know your decision within 2 days. If you do not respond to us within the timescale given your booking may be cancelled.
The compensation that we offer does not exclude you from claiming more if you are entitled to do so.
Within 28 days of departure the following applies:
Period before departure in which we notify you
Amount you will receive from us for each full fare paying customer
27 - 8 days
£30
7 - 0 days
£50
Compensation payments relating to a child place for which you have paid a child price are half the amounts shown (up to half the child price paid). There are no compensation payments payable to those travelling on 'Free Child places', or other free places.
We will only make one compensation transaction per booking.
15. If we cancel your holiday
If we cancel your holiday, except where this is because you have not paid or pursuant to section 24 (Conduct), you can either have a full refund, choose to receive credit to your easyJet holidays account (subject to our Credit on Account Terms & Conditions), or accept a replacement holiday from us of:
(i) at least equivalent standard and price, if we are able to offer you one or;
(ii) a lower quality holiday, if we are able to offer you one and recover from us the difference in price between the holiday originally purchased and the lower standard holiday.
Should you choose option (i) or (ii) above, the terms and conditions applicable to your holiday will not change and these Terms will apply to your new booking. We will pay you compensation using the scale shown in section 14 (If we change your holiday), unless:
a)      we cancel your holiday because of an unavoidable and extraordinary circumstance; or
b)      we cancel your holiday because you do not pay us the balance of the holiday price; or
c)       we cancel your holiday pursuant to section 24 (Conduct).
16. Our liability to you
a) We are responsible for making sure that each of the travel services in the package holiday you book with us is provided to a reasonable standard and as described by us.
b)  You must inform us without undue delay of any failure to perform or improper performance of the travel services included in your package. If any of the travel services included in your package are not performed in accordance with the contract, or are improperly performed, by us or the travel service suppliers, and this has affected your travel arrangements, you may be entitled to an appropriate price reduction or compensation or both.
c) We may pay compensation if you suffer injury, illness or death directly as a result of the services provided as part of your package holiday; any such compensation will be similar to compensation levels awarded under English law in an English court, and in respect of any claim for such compensation, you will also be required to comply with the requirements of section 18 below.
d) We will not be liable under 16 b) or c) above in respect of any claim which is due to:
you or another member of your party; or
a third party unconnected with the provision of the travel services in the package and is unforeseeable or unavoidable; or
an unavoidable and extraordinary circumstance; and/or
(i) unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised; or (ii) an event we or the supplier of services could not foresee or forestall.
We take all reasonable care to make sure that all the services which make up your package holiday are provided by efficient and reputable businesses. These businesses should follow all local standards and regulations. However please note that standards overseas (even in Europe) may not be the same or as high as those that apply in the UK.
17. Other limits of liability
Our liability, except in cases involving death, injury or illness, is limited to a maximum of three times the cost of your travel arrangements. Our liability will also be limited in accordance with
a)            the contractual terms of the companies that provide the travel services that make up your package. These terms are incorporated into this booking; and
b)            any relevant international convention, for example the Montreal Convention in respect of travel by air and the Paris Convention in respect of the provision of accommodation, which limit the amount of and conditions under which compensation can be claimed for death, injury, delay to passengers and loss, damage and delay to luggage. We are to be regarded as having all benefit of any limitation of the extent of or the conditions under which compensation is to be paid under these or any conventions.
Please see section 21 for easyJet flight terms. You can ask for details of other applicable travel service contractual terms, or the international conventions, from our Customer Services Team.
You have rights in some circumstances to refunds and/or compensation from your airline in cases of denied boarding, cancellation or delay to flights. Full details will be available at airports and from the airline. However, reimbursement in such cases will not automatically entitle you to a refund of your holiday cost from us. Your right to a refund and/or compensation from us is set out in these Terms. If any payments to you are due from us, any payment made to you by the airline or any other service provider will be deducted.
If it is impossible to ensure your return as scheduled due to unavoidable and extraordinary circumstances, we will bear the cost of necessary accommodation, if possible of equivalent category, for a maximum of three nights. The limit doesn’t apply to persons with reduced mobility and any person accompanying them, pregnant women and unaccompanied minors, or persons in need of specific medical assistance, provided that you notified us of these needs at least 48 hours before the start of your holiday.
Please note this section 17 does not apply to any separate contracts that you may enter into for excursions or activities whilst on holiday. Further details on excursions can be found below.
18. Personal Injury
If you suffer injury or illness on your holiday you agree to assist us with our investigations in the following ways:
you should contact our 24/7 Holidays Hub and the service provider involved, about your injury or illness while you are in the resort;
you should write to our customer services team about your claim within 1 month of coming home from your holiday to allow us to investigate it properly and cooperate with us so that we can carry out such investigation;
you should include a letter about your injury or illness from your doctor if you can;
you will transfer to us any rights you have against the supplier or any other person, so that we can claim back from suppliers any payments we make to you, plus any legal or other costs. We will not make a profit from this; and
you should cooperate fully with us if we or our insurers want to enforce any rights transferred to us.
19. Additional assistance
If you’re in difficulty whilst on holiday and ask us to help we will provide appropriate assistance, in particular by providing information on health services, local authorities and consular assistance, and helping you to find alternative arrangements and necessary phone calls or emails. We may require you to pay the costs we incur for providing this assistance, if the difficulty is your fault.
20. Excursions
Excursions or other tours or activities that you may choose to book or pay for whilst you are on holiday do not form part of your Package and are not governed by the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018. If you book an excursion whilst on holiday, your contract will be directly with the third party provider and subject to their terms and conditions. We are not responsible for the provision of the excursion or tour or for anything that happens during the course of its provision by the third party.
21. Flights
When you fly with easyJet, your journey is subject to easyJet’s flight terms and conditions and these form part of your contract with us for your package holiday. They include conditions about baggage, airport procedures and times, and limits under international conventions. The easyJet flight terms and conditions can be found athttps://www.easyjet.com/en/terms-and-conditions.
22. On line Check in
All customers must check-in online before they travel. You will be able to check in online for your flight prior to departure via www.easyjet.com. When checking-in online you will be required to provide your Advanced Passenger Information and have your booking reference to hand. Check https://www.easyjet.com/en/help/booking-and-check-in/check-infor online check-in opening and closing times.
23. Additional conditions
Transfers for children/infants
Please note that infant car seats and/or children’s car booster seats are not provided for any transfers and must be taken as part of your baggage. If you are travelling with an infant who requires them, you can bring two items for free with you.  These include a travel cot, pushchair, double pushchair, buggy, car seat, collapsible or non-collapsible pram, booster seat and/or baby back carrier (please check they are suitable to take on board). Any additional baggage is at your own cost.
Sports Equipment
Where you are travelling with any sports equipment, your holiday price may increase due to costs relating to additional transfer requirements for such equipment. Please contact our customer service team prior to booking to discuss your requirements.
Your accommodation
Any accommodation we arrange for you must only be used by those people named on the final version of your booking confirmation. You are not allowed to share the accommodation or let anyone else stay there. You are responsible for the cost of any damage caused to your accommodation or its contents during your stay. These charges must be met by you and may have to be paid locally.
24. Conduct
We want you to holiday with confidence.  You’ll find some important and useful information about our holidays during COVID-19 on our website at: https://www.easyjet.com/en/holidays/info/covid-19-response.  For your safety and the safety of others, you must comply with safety rules in place at the time of travel (that may include a requirement to wear face masks or complete immigration forms). You can find the latest information on our websites and travel documentation.
We reserve the right to refuse to accept you as a customer, deny you from boarding our flights and other services, support our hotel partners in evicting you from accommodation, or terminating your holiday contract or continue dealing with you if we, or another person in authority, believe your behaviour is disruptive, causes unnecessary inconvenience, is threatening or abusive, you damage property, you upset, annoy, disturb, or put any other traveller or our staff or agents at the point of departure or in resort in any risk or danger, whether on the telephone, in writing or in person.
If our flight crew or ground staff believe that you could be or have been disruptive or that you present a risk to health and safety, or for other reasons including those set out in easyJet airline’s terms and conditions, they can also refuse to let you proceed with your holiday arrangements, restrict your movements, or disembark you from an aircraft.  If you are prevented from boarding your outbound flight, we will treat your booking as cancelled by you from that moment, and you will have to pay cancellation charges as set out in Section 13.
If such an incident occurs overseas that results in your eviction from a hotel or being denied use of your return flight or other services, then you will become responsible for arranging and paying for your own accommodation and return home and any other members of your group who cannot or will not travel without you. We will not be liable for any refund, or compensation or any costs or expenses you incur.  Alternatively, at our discretion, you may be allowed to continue with your holiday but you may have to comply with specific conditions.
In any of these circumstances no refunds or compensation will be paid to you and we may make a claim against you for any damages, costs, fines and expenses (including legal expenses) incurred as a result of your behaviour including but not limited to (i) repairing or replacing property lost, damaged or destroyed by you, (ii) compensating any holiday maker, passenger, crew, staff or agent affected by your actions and (iii) diverting the aircraft for the purpose of removing you from the aircraft. Criminal proceedings may also be instigated.
We cannot accept liability for the behaviour of other people staying at your accommodation or travelling on your flight, or for any facilities/services being withdrawn as a result of their actions. We’re not responsible and will not be liable for accidents or injuries, loss or damage which may have been caused as a result of; (a) your inappropriate or irresponsible behaviour; (b), your judgment being impaired by alcohol or drugs.
25. Contacting you
We will communicate with you using the email address you have provided. This is our primary means of communication so please ensure that your email address is correct. In the event of disruptions or changes to your holiday we may contact you via email, phone or SMS.
26. Travel Agents
All monies you pay to a travel agent are held by them on behalf and for the benefit of the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust at all times. This is subject to the agent’s obligation to pay it to us for so long as we do not fail. If we fail, any money held at that time by the agent, or subsequently accepted from you by them, is and continues to be held on behalf of and for the benefit of the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust without any obligation to pay that money to us.
27. Law and Jurisdiction
This agreement and our services shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with English law. You and we both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
Package Holidays - Key Rights under the Package Travel Regulations
You also benefit from consumer protection under package travel laws. Your key rights under the Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018 are set out below:
Travellers will receive all essential information about the package before concluding the package travel contract.
There is always at least one trader who is liable for the proper performance of all the travel services included in the contract.
Travellers are given an emergency telephone number or details of a contact point where they can get in touch with the organiser or the travel agent. You can get in touch with easyJet via phone, email or webchat - for details visit our Contact us page
Travellers may transfer the package to another person, on reasonable notice and possibly subject to additional costs.
The price of the package may only be increased if specific costs rise (for instance, fuel prices) and if expressly provided for in the contract, and in any event not later than 20 days before the start of the package. If the price increase exceeds 8 % of the price of the package, the traveller may terminate the contract. If the organiser reserves the right to a price increase, the traveller has a right to a price reduction if there is a decrease in the relevant costs.
Travellers may terminate the contract without paying any termination fee and get a full refund of any payments if any of the essential elements of the package, other than the price, are changed significantly. If before the start of the package the trader responsible for the package cancels the package, travellers are entitled to a refund and compensation where appropriate.
Travellers may terminate the contract without paying any termination fee before the start of the package in the event of exceptional circumstances, for instance if there are serious security problems at the destination which are likely to affect the package.
Additionally, travellers may at any time before the start of the package terminate the contract in return for an appropriate and justifiable termination fee.
If, after the start of the package, significant elements of the package cannot be provided as agreed, suitable alternative arrangements will have to be offered to the traveller at no extra cost. Travellers may terminate the contract without paying any termination fee, where services are not performed in accordance with the contract and this substantially affects the performance of the package and the organiser fails to remedy the problem.
Travellers are also entitled to a price reduction and/or compensation for damages where the travel services are not performed or are improperly performed.
The organiser has to provide assistance if the traveller is in difficulty.
If the organiser or, in some Member States, the retailer becomes insolvent, payments will be refunded. If the organiser or, where applicable, the retailer becomes insolvent after the start of the package and if transport is included in the package, repatriation of the travellers is secured. We (easyJet holidays Limited) have taken out insolvency protection under the ATOL scheme, which is administered by the UK's Civil Aviation Authority (CAA).Travellers may contact the CAA if services are denied because of our insolvency at the following details:
CAA Contact Details:
The Civil Aviation Authority
Gatwick Airport South
West Sussex
RH6 0YR
claims@caa.co.uk
ATOL Helpline: 020 7453 6350
Website: www.atol.org.uk