http://www.cranefamilyvineyards.com/privacy-policy/
Crane Family Vineyards
PO BOX 2067 | Napa, CA 94558
Phone: (707)259-0175
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect and protect your privacy. We collect customer information for the purpose of fulfilling our customers’ orders and to communicate with you about your order. We do not sell, rent or share any portion of our customer database to third parties. We do not contribute to or participate in shared or cooperative databases, which give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other companies.  However, we may disclose your personal information under limited circumstances if we conclude that we are required to do so by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Crane Family Vineyard, its customers or the public.
Federal and California state law requires us to request identification from each consumer to prove that you are legally able to purchase alcohol: 21 years of age. To process an order, we require your name, home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town, state, zip code, email address, telephone number, date of birth and credit card number. All of the customer data we collect is stored on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.
Purchasing Wine
You must be 21 years of age to order or receive wine from us. All wine orders are sent with “Adult Signature Required” stickers, and the carriers that deliver our wines are required to check for identification upon delivery. Verification of age is required at the time of delivery. Failure to produce age verification forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. If this happens, the order may be held with the local shipping company until appropriate identification is produced, or it may be shipped back to the winery. All associated costs will be the responsibility of and be charged to the customer.
Other
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Crane Family Vineyards as described in this policy, and you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy. The provisions of this policy are subject to change, and Crane Family Vineyards will post changes to this policy on this page.  Questions or Comments – Please Contact Us- For questions, comments or assistance with any privacy-related issues, we invite you to email us: info@CraneFamilyVineyards.com or call: (707) 259-0175. We’re always happy to help.
You must be 21 years old to visit this site.
Please verify your age
I am at least 21 years old Remember me