http://www.sportdiver.com/new-color-coded-navy-device-helps-divers-monitor-air
Skip to main content
PADI Club
Newsletter Sign Up
TravelDestinations
World's Best Diving
Liveaboard Diving
GearDiving Equipment and Reviews
Gear Guide
Featured Products
TrainingTraining and Safety
Learn To Dive
Family Diving
PhotosUnderwater Photography
Underwater Camera Tips
Videos
Travel Deals
MoreNews
Contests
Featured Retailers
Follow us
email
facebook
twitter
instagram
youTube
pinterest
rss
Travel
Gear
Training
Photos
Videos
Travel Deals
PADI Club
A new device invented at the Naval Surface Warfare Center in Panama City, Florida, attaches to divers’ masks to show air-supply levels using color-coded LED lights.
The LED Air Warning System, or LAWS, is “like a stoplight for a diver’s air supply,” according to a news release from TechLink, a company working with the Navy to get a commercial license for the recently patented technology.
The LAWS module attaches to a diver’s full-face mask and connects to a pressure transducer in their regulator’s first stage.
The module has four LED bulbs that start out green, then turn yellow and finally shut off as an air tank depletes. The last light will turn red when the tank is low and will blink red when it’s time to come up. The device also has an ambient light sensor that adjusts how brightly the lights shine.
The LAWS was invented for public safety divers like police and search and recovery teams that often dive in zero-visibility environments, making it difficult to read SPGs or standard computers.
Want more news like this?
Sign up to receive our weekly email newsletter and never miss an update!
By submitting above, you agree to
our privacy policy.
However, this technology may come in handy for recreational divers, too, who may have trouble reaching gauges, reading numbers in low light, or who simply forget to check their air as often as they should. With the LAWS, tank pressure readings are constantly in the diver’s field of view.
“It’s a real-world problem solver,” says Brian Metzger, senior technology manager at TechLink, in the news release. “By providing a clear, visual display of air pressure, divers can stop worrying about air and fully concentrate on their work.”
U.S. Patent 10,676,168 was granted on June 9, and the Navy is now making it available to certain businesses for commercialization.
More Scuba Gear News:
Apple Patent Could Allow iPhones to be Used Underwater
Four New Scuba Diving Computers Reviewed
What Goes Into Making a Greener Wetsuit?
Tags:
Gear
News
Want more news like this?
Sign up to receive our weekly email newsletter and never miss an update!
By submitting above, you agree to
our privacy policy.
Latest Content
Cuba
$600 OFF ALL STAR AVALON II TO CUBA's GARDENS OF THE QUEEN
posted Dec 10th, 2020
Visit the pristine reefs and assist with marine conservation efforts within Cuba's Gardens of the Queen aboard All Star Avalon II. Travel to Cuba is still open and legal…
Seven-mile Underwater Sculpture Park to Open in Miami
By
Melissa Smith
posted Dec 10th, 2020
ReefLine, a seven-mile underwater sculpture park, will be an all-in-one artificial reef, museum and water sports playground when it opens in December 2021.
Mexico
7-Night Baja Sur Diving Package in Loreto, Mexico
posted Dec 7th, 2020
Dive into Big Adventure with a Small Town Feel in Baja Sur’s Loreto, Mexico.
200-Year-Old Wreck Uncovered On Florida Beach
By
Melissa Smith
posted Dec 6th, 2020
Tropical Storm Eta revealed the wreckage of what appears to be the Caroline Eddy, a 19th century American merchant vessel, on Florida's Crescent Beach.
Tiny Remote Island Creates Largest Marine Sanctuary in Atlantic
By
Melissa Smith
posted Dec 2nd, 2020
Tristan da Cunha designated 90 percent of its territorial waters—over 270,000 square miles—as a marine protected area to safeguard the region's unique biodiversity.
Hawaii
Maui Diving- Scuba & Snorkel Center
posted Nov 30th, 2020
6 amazing shore dives in Maui! Sharks, Turtles, Manta Rays, Nudi's, Frogfish...and more!
U.S. Reef Continue Decline, Nationwide Report Finds
By
Melissa Smith
posted Nov 28th, 2020
Most coral reefs have declined to fair "fair" condition, according to the first-ever nationwide assessment of the nation’s coral reefs.
Sponsored Content
ASK DAN: How can I avoid an out-of-air incident?
By
Divers Alert Network
posted Nov 24th, 2020
Even the most experienced divers can fall victim to a common diving incident: running out of air. It sounds unlikely, but it happens more than you might think. There are…
Latest
More Stories
Videos