http://www.nwpassage.com/privacy-statement-and-cancellation-terms
Skip to main content
Preheader Menu
About
About Us
Our Mission
Why Travel with Us
Our Team
Activity Level
Contact
(800) RECREATE (732-7328)
Privacy Statement and Cancellation Terms
This is the website for The Northwest Passage
Our postal address is:
1130 Greenleaf Ave.
Wilmette, IL 60091
The Northwest Passage can be reached via email at info@nwpassage.com.
Privacy Statement
We respect the privacy of our clients and their personal information. Although we own the data storage, databases, and the nwpassage.com website, our clients retain all rights to their information.
We primarily collect volunteered contact information through web forms. Through the use of third-party partners, we may also collect information regarding the use of our website, including but not limited to website traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, and page visits.
Once travel arrangements have been made, clients are given the opportunity to submit required travel information through our Trip Participant Fact Sheet and Confidential Medical Form. The information collected on these forms assists our guides and administration in providing the best possible adventure experience and is not shared with outside parties unless it is required by law, violates our Terms and Conditions, aids in maintaining physical safety.
Client information is never shared or sold for commercial purposes.
Persons who supply The Northwest Passage with their email may receive periodic emails detailing offers, new trips, etc. Persons who supply The Northwest Passage with their postal address may receive brochures. Upon request, The Northwest Passage will immediately cease to send such information.
CANCELLATION TERMS
Due to the variety of offerings and the various promotions offered, The Northwest Passage has two basic cancellation policies. In order to determine which policy applies to your individual registration please refer to your trip/clinic confirmation letter or call the office. These policies are subject to change at any time.
The two current policies include trips/clinics of 24 hours or greater in duration,  trips/clinics 24 hours or less in duration paid in full.
Promotional offers are subject to specific terms. See below for latest.
1) The below policy applies to programs of 24 hours or greater in duration
Reservations, Payments, Cancellations, and Refunds*:
Reservations are taken on a first-come/first-served basis. Space is necessarily limited, so reserve your place early to avoid disappointment. A deposit of 50% is required to hold a space for you and can be paid by check, credit card, money order, or wire transfer. Payment in full, personal/medical information form, activity waiver, and cancellation policy acknowledgment must all be received by The Northwest Passage by the balance due date. Because we incur certain pre-trip expenses, the following policy is necessary if you cancel.
Notice of cancellation must be made in writing. If this notice is received in our office:
90 days or more before your trip, you will receive a full refund less a $100 handling fee per person
89-31 days before your trip 50% of the fees received will be credited toward another trip;
No refund or credit will be given if you cancel 30 days or less before departure, regardless of the time of registration.
Refunds of payments made by credit card are subject to a processing fee.
Credited fees from canceled trips must be used within 1 year of the original trip departure or will be forfeit to The Northwest Passage.
We strongly advise you to take out trip cancellation, medical and baggage insurance.
Application for such insurance is the responsibility of the client.
Different policies apply to our one-day, promotional offers, and Arctic/Antarctic trips.
Absolutely no refunds or credits can be made on any portion of a tour once travel has commenced.
If you find a suitable replacement you will be given a full refund, less a $100 handling fee.
Insufficient registration on a particular trip may require that we reschedule or withdraw your trip. If we withdraw the trip, we will transfer you to a future date.
Penalties for changing or canceling domestic or international airplane reservations are not the responsibility of The Northwest Passage.
2) The below policy applies to trips/clinics of 24 hours or less in duration
Reservations, Payments, Cancellations and Refunds*:
Reservations are taken on a first-come/first-served basis. Space is necessarily limited, so reserve your place early to avoid disappointment. Payment in full, personal/medical information fact sheet, cancellation policy acknowledgment must all be received by The Northwest Passage by the close of the last business day preceding the trip or clinic.
Because we incur certain pre-trip expenses, and high demand for our one-day programs the following policy is necessary if you cancel.
Notice of cancellation must be made in writing. If this notice is received in our office:
More than 14 business days before the trip begins, we will issue a refund less a 20% handling fee, or you may transfer to another equivalent program with no penalty.
Between 3 and 13 business days, before the trip begins, we will issue a refund of 50% or you may transfer to an equivalent program with a 15% fee.
If you cancel within 2 business days of the trip date, no refund is possible. A 30% fee will be assessed for transfer to another clinic or trip
If you find a suitable replacement a name change fee of  $10 applies.
If you do not show up or if you leave the group once the program has begun, no refund or transfer is possible.
Absolutely no credits can be made on any portion of a tour once travel has commenced.
We strongly advise you take out trip cancellation insurance.
Application for such insurance is the responsibility of the client.
Insufficient registration on trips/clinics of 24 hours or less in duration may require that we reschedule or withdraw your trips/clinics. If we withdraw the trip, we will transfer you to a future date. No refunds.
The Northwest Passage office is not open weekends or evenings. The close of business Wednesday (5 p.m. CST) is considered 2 days before the start of any weekend program, whether Saturday or Sunday.
In the case of a transfer, registration for the new program is not confirmed until payment of the transfer fee has been received.
Monies held for transfer on one-day programs are forfeit to the Northwest Passage at the end of the summer season (October 15) unless written arrangements are made before that date for credit toward the following season or another program.
These programs run rain or shine. In the event that dangerous weather forces The Northwest Passage to cancel the program, we will transfer you to a future date without penalty.  No refunds.
Different policies apply to our overnight, promotional offers and Arctic/Antarctic trips.
Promotion terms for 15% discount promotion. Promotion terms expire January 13, 2021
* Offer subject to change without notice
* New registrations only
* Cannot be combined with other offers or promotions
* Offer expires on  January 13,2021 at 5:00pm CST.
* Registrations subject to availability
* To redeem your discount register by using the online system or calling the office
* Based on double occupancy; a single supplement applies to each departure. Discount does not apply to a single supplement fee.
* Standard 24 hours or greater Cancellation Terms apply to promotion offer.
* Prior to making travel arrangements, participants must contact The Northwest Passage office. The Northwest Passage is not responsible for travel to and from the destination. A minimum number of guests required to confirm departure.
Search
Search
Trip Calendar
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
×
Join our adventure travel community!
Sign up to receive email updates.
First Name
Email
Sign up!
We promise never to share your information.
Privacy Notice: Our site uses cookies for advertising, analytics and to improve our site and services. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies. For more information, see our privacy policy.
Leave this field blank
Menu