http://www.easternairways.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Eastern Airways is a data controller and a data processor who takes the collection, management and retention of personal data very seriously; looking after the personal data you share with us is an important part of this.  We want you to be confident that your data is safe and secure with us, and that you understand how and why we use it, and that we will only collect data that we need.
We will always be clear and transparent about the information we are collecting and what we will do with that information.
This Privacy Notice applies to all information gathered by Eastern.  Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, we will only use your information in accordance with this Notice.
What personal information do we collect about you and how do we use it
Personal data means any information relating to you which allows us to identify you.  We will only use this information so that we can supply you with the products and services you require and will keep records about your purchases.  We only store your full payment card details for as long as is necessary to enable us to process any payment or refund.
Sources of collecting your information
In general, we collect your information for the business purpose and in order to carry out our regular business functions.  The below listed sources will be used to collect your personal information:
When you enquire with us either in person, by telephone, letter, email for any travel related purposes or in general
When you purchase or book any of our travel arrangements or other travel products and services
When you submit your personal information via our websites or any affiliated websites
When you participate in any of our competitions via our website, affiliated websites or our social media channels
When you request information from us
When you provide feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires
When you raise a complaint or other enquiry
When a third party is booking or confirming a travel arrangement on behalf of you
Categories of information we may collect from you can be found in Appendix A
Personal details about your physical or mental health, alleged commission or conviction of criminal offences are considered “sensitive” personal data under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). We will process any such data only if you have given your explicit consent, or it is necessary (for instance if you request special assistance).
What do we use your personal data for, why and for how long
Your data may be used for the following purposes:
Providing products and services you request
Contacting you in the event of a flight time change or cancellation
Credit or other payment card verification/screening
Administrative or legal purposes
Immigration/customs control safety
Security, health, administrative, crime prevention/detection
Customer Support communications
To comply with a legal obligation
You have consented to us using your personal data
To protect your vital interests or those of another person
It is in our legitimate interests in operating as an
We will only process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. In some cases we will need to process your personal data so we can enter into our contract of service with you.
Only children aged 16 or over can provide their own consent.  For children under this age, consent of the children’s’ parents or legal guardians is required.
We will not retain your data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose it is being processed for. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, our legal obligations, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process it and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.  When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely delete or destroy it.
Security of your personal data
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
All payment details you are required to provide, either relating to payment or for the company to issue a refund, are transmitted securely.  Payment card details are not retained for any longer than the transaction requires.
International Data Transfer
Eastern Airways operates flights and provides charters to multiple jurisdictions, some of which are not located in the European Economic Area (EEA). While countries outside the EEA do not always have strong data protection laws, we require all service providers to process your information in a secure manner and in accordance with GDPR.
Cookies and site tracking
This site uses cookies to enable us to improve our service to you and to provide certain features that you may find useful. This may include cookies of media and advertising partners that are being placed on your machine when visiting our website.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”)
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you
Request erasure of your personal information.
Object to the processing of your personal information
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party
To exercise any of your above rights, you should email data.protection@easternairways.com
If you would like to submit a Subject Access Request (SAR) you should email your request to: data.protection@easternairways.com and the relevant documentation will be provided to you.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
Changes to Privacy Notice
Our Privacy Notice may change from time to time and any changes to this will be communicated to you by way of an e-mail or a notice on our website.
APPENDIX A
Categories of information we may collect about you
Name, home address, e-mail address, telephone number, passport or other recognized personal ID card numbers and details, credit/debit card or other payment details;
Advance Passenger Information, which may include your name, nationality, date of birth, gender, passport or ID number, expiry date and country of issue;
Medical conditions for passengers who have special medical requirements, mobility and/or dietary requirements;
Travel history, including information related to your flights and services booked in connection with your journey;
Information about your purchases of our trusted partners’ products and services;
Information about your use of our website;
The communications you exchange with us or direct to us via letters, emails, calls and social media.
Location, including real-time geographic location of your computer or device through GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot, if you use location-based features and turn on the Location Services settings on your device and computer.
Third parties with whom we may share your personal data
Government authorities, law enforcement bodies, regulators and airports in your itinerary or to which your flight may fly over for compliance with legal requirements;
Partner airlines and airports required to deliver the services you have asked for
Trusted service providers we are using to support our business such as ground handling agents assisting our passengers at airports in all countries we operate in and call centres providing assistance to our customers;
Credit and debit card companies which facilitate your payments to us, and anti-fraud screening, which may need information about your method of payment and flight booking to process payment or ensure the security of your payment transaction;
Legal and other professional advisers, law courts and law enforcement bodies in all countries we fly to or in, in order to enforce our legal rights in relation to our contract with you;
Our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our website) who offer travel related products and services on our website:  If you choose to purchase products or services offered on our websites by third, you may be a customer of both Eastern Airways and these third parties, and we and our partners may collect and share information about you, such as your contact details and your billing information. We are not responsible for third parties’ use of your personal data where such use is permitted for their own purposes. Please consult their privacy policies for further information.
Social media: You may be able to access third party social media services through our website before coming to our website. When you are registered with your social service account, we will obtain the personal information you choose to share with us through these social media services pursuant to their privacy settings in order to improve and personalize your use of our website.
view past issues online
Agent Debit Memo
Agency Debit Memos – Eastern Airways Policy
Effective 1 August 2020
Background
In accordance with the IATA Resolution 850m (Passenger Agency Conference Resolution Manual), this document represents the Eastern Airways policy in relation to the issuing of ADM’s (Agency Debit Memo’s) to agencies selling T3- 467 Eastern Airways tickets. The audit process is to ensure that all fare rules are adhered to.  Fare audit checks are performed on all ‘467’ document issuances, refunds, reissue and revalidation transactions, whether they are fare quoted automatically or manually.
See below for full details of the Eastern Airways ADM Policy
ADM Calculations and Minimum ADM value
The minimum ADM value Eastern Airways will raise is GB£5.00 or equivalent. In cases of multiple occurrences of underpayments of less than £5.00 or equivalent by the same agent, we reserve the right to recover these underpayments. More than one ADM in relation to the same ticket can be raised in the case of different unrelated reasons.
ADM Administration Fee
Eastern Airways will charge an ADM processing fee to each ADM raised to cover the administration costs. This will be GBP10 (or equivalent in local currency) to each ADM. If the ADM is successfully disputed and not a fault of the agent, we will refund the administration fee.
Eastern Airways Contact details
This policy issued by Eastern Airways Ltd. IATA airline code 467 / T3
Address: Schiphol House, Humberside Airport, Kirmington DN39 6YH
Email address for ADM queries is revenue.accounting@easternairways.com
Reasons for Eastern Airways raising ADMs
Ticket Issuance
All fares, fare rules and booking rules are subject to audit. This includes, but not limited to, is the correct application of:
Fare and fare conditions
Taxes and fuel surcharges
Airline surcharges
Rebooking fees, recalculation of re-issue / routing. Eastern Airways is not set up for EMD’s so please re-issue for any changes and reflect the change fee under ‘XP’ tax code
Commission (if applicable)
Sub class abuse where the class in the GDS is not the same class as the ticket
In addition to the above, we also adopt a policy for churning whereby we will charge an administration fee of £5.00 per segment on top of the original £10.00 ADM administration fee.
For inactive segments including duplicate bookings, fictitious names, waitlists, passive bookings, name changes and a general item with other general practices, we will charge an administration fee of GBP £5.00 segment on top of the original £10.00 ADM administration fee.
Refund Audit
Correct application of all refund rules must be adhered, including, but not limited to this audit control is the correct calculation of:
The refunded amount, Fare, taxes and fuel charge
The cancellation penalty
The refunding of commission amount (if applicable)
Credit Card Chargeback
In cases where Eastern Airways is debited by the credit card acquirer for fraud case, a purchase rejection by the passenger or card holder, or credit card misuse on a ticket issued by an agent, Eastern Airways will charge the agent for the cost. The agent is responsible for checking the validity of a credit card and to ensure the cardholder’s signature is provided as well as ensuring the card is an acceptable form of payment by Eastern Airways.
Eastern Airways reserves the right to issue an ADM when abuse usage of a credit card in the name of the agent is used in connection of a sale for any customer of the agent is detected, per IATA Resolution 890.
Form of payment errors on sale or refund
Examples of payment errors include, but not limited to:
Incorrect digits linked to a payment card number that prevents payment
Refund to a different form of payment to that of the sale
Duplicate usage of tickets
For Travel
Refund
Exchange/ Reissue
Where an agent re-issues or refunds a sector that has been flown on, we will raise an ADM if the airline has no funds to cover the used leg.
CIP Violation
Any incorrect ticketing on Eastern Airways ticket stock will be picked up and an ADM raised.
Unreported sales
If a passenger has flown on a ticket issued by an agency, that was not paid to Eastern Airways, we will raise an ADM.
Disputes
According to IATA Resolution 850m (4.50-4.60) travel agents will have a maximum of 15 days to review and dispute an ADM prior to its submission to BSP for processing. All disputes are to be settled by the Airline within 60 days of receipt. Any dispute concerning an ADM already settled in BSP must be communicated to Eastern Airways within 50 days of ADM issue date. This should be done via the BSPLINK system.
Contact Information for ADMs
For further inquiries related to the raising of ADM’s/ACM’s for Eastern Airways sales, please email the Revenue Accounting team on: revenue.accounting@easternairways.com
View
Close
The Air Discount Scheme Booking Process is being updated and will be bookable shortly.
Ready for take off.
You’re now being redirected to the Flybe website. Booking your Eastern Airways flights and further connections just got easier.