http://www.naturetrek.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookies
×
eNewsletter Signup
New tours, special offers, extra departures and latest news. Sign up below.
Your Name *
Enter your name
Your Email*
Enter your email address
Recaptcha*
Invalid captcha
Submit
×
Request a Brochure
Please complete all required fields!
Please enter your details and we will send you our Naturetrek brochure(s)
Naturetrek brochure
Groups brochureTailormade brochureBoth
Please choose which brochure you would like to receive by clicking on a check box.
Full Name*
Enter your full name
Address Line 1*
Enter the first line of your address
Address Line 2
Invalid Input
Town/City
Invalid Input
County/State
Invalid Input
Post Code*
Enter your post code
Country*
Enter your country
Telephone Number
Invalid Input
Your Email *
Enter your email address
How you found us?
Invalid Input
Is there a particular destination you are interested in?
Invalid Input
Recaptcha*
Invalid captcha
I would like to receive the monthly eNewsletter
Invalid Input
Submit
Please wait while we process your payment...
Home
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Naturetrek Policies
We work very hard to keep the information you give us safe. We follow strict security procedures on how your personal information is stored and used, and who sees it, to help stop any unauthorised person getting hold of it. You will find the following Naturetrek policies on this page:
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use of Website
Naturetrek’s Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect, how we collect it, and what we do with it, and should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of use of Website and our Booking Conditions. In all your dealings with us you must ensure that others you represent are aware of the content of all 3 of these policies and terms, and consent to your acting on their behalf.Privacy Policy
1. Information About UsWe are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 03311102, and our registered address is at Mingledown Barn, Wolf’s Lane, Chawton, Alton, Hampshire, GU34 3HJ. The best way to contact us is by email at info@naturetrek.co.uk. We are a fully licensed tour operator and hold an Air Travel Organisers Licence (ATOL no. 2962) issued by the Civil Aviation Authority.
2. What Information We CollectWe do our best to keep the information we collect about you to the minimum necessary.The information we collect depends upon how you are interacting with us. For example, if you’re booking a holiday or tour with us we are likely to ask for more information than if you’re only requesting a brochure or browsing our website. We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal information about you, which we have summarised below.Details about you: Your first and last name, title, gender, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, meal and other travel preferences or dietary requirements.Payment details: Your bank details and payment card details when making a booking with us. Details about payments to and from you and other details of holidays, products and services you have purchased from us.Identification documents: If you are travelling on a route requiring advance passenger information, your passport or identity card details including your passport number, the country in which your passport was issued and the expiry date. Details about your booking with us: Details such as where you are flying from and to, your booking information (including anyone else on the booking), any onward travel details if relevant, baggage requirements, upgrade information, seat preferences, meal preferences or requirements, details of any special assistances required and any other relevant information so that we can provide you with the travel or other service you have arranged with us.Details from your interactions with us: Information about interactions or conversations with us and our staff, including when you make enquiries, comments, complaints or submit feedback to us. This could also include marketing preferences and survey responses.Your use of our systems and services: This includes you calling our office, how you use our website, social media pages, IP addresses and information you may post on social media. Job applications: If you apply for a job with us, your CV, work history, educational details and the role you are applying for.Special types of data: In some circumstances we may need to collect information from you that is deemed sensitive. For example data about your health. Knowing your dietary requirements and any medical conditions you have will ensure that the trip is suitable for you and any necessary adjustments are made. We try to limit any sensitive personal data we collect to the minimum possible. Unless we have a specific lawful reason to use this information, we will ask for your consent to collect it. 3. How We Collect Your InformationDepending upon your interactions with us, we might collect information in the following ways:Direct InteractionsYou may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone and email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provided when you:
book or search for a holiday via our website or office;
request a brochure, sign up to receive email updates, fill in feedback form or market research;
provide us with information about an accident, illness or incident that occurred or some other feedback;
apply for a job with us by email or via the site;
contact us via our phone line, social media, post, email or instant messenger. Our interactions with you may be recorded and monitored for the purposes of improving customer service, quality assurance, training, security and general business purposes; or
attend any of our events.
Automated technologies or interactionsAs you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see below for further details.Third parties or publicly available sources We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
airlines, hotel providers or other parties we work with if you make a complaint to them;
analytics providers
4. What We Use Your Information ForUnder data protection laws we are allowed to use personal information only if we have a proper reason to do so such as:
when you consent to it or;
to fulfil a contract we have with you or;
when it is our legal duty or;
when it is in our legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interested.
Generally we do not rely upon consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending our own direct marketing communications to you via e-mail. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us at info@naturetrek.co.uk We have set out below a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. To manage your booking with us: We will use your information to provide you with any travel or event services that you request or purchase. This entails booking your flights, accommodations, organising tours, transportation and providing you with your tickets (on the basis of performing our contract with you) and providing you with any special assistance you require (where you give us your consent). To contact you with information about your bookings and support services: We will use your contact details to send you communications which relate to your booking or services you have requested. The types of information usually included would be: e-mails responding to enquiries, providing you with tickets, alerting you to changes in itineraries or responding to any complaints you have. We do these things in order to fulfil our contract with you and on the basis of our legitimate business interest of providing you with customer service.To enable you to complete a survey: We do this for legitimate reasons of studying how customers use our services, develop them and grow our business.To send you marketing communications: We will use your information to contact you in order to keep you up to date with the latest news, events and brochures that we consider may be of interest or relevant to you. We will usually only do this when we have your consent to do so or on the basis of our legitimate interest to provide you with customer service. To personalise your customer experience and improve our service: We use your information to provide you with a more personalised service. This might include personalising the communications we send to you taking into account your preferences and booking history with us (on the basis of our legitimate interest for good customer service). To ensure security and protect our business interests: In certain circumstances, we use your information to ensure the security of our services, buildings, and people, including to protect against, investigate and deter fraud, unauthorised or illegal activities, systems testing, maintenance and development (on the basis of our legitimate interests to operate a safe and lawful business or where we have a legal obligation to do so);To process your job applications: We will use your information to process any job applications that you submit to us, whether directly or via an agent or recruiter (speculatively or in response to any ad) (on the basis of our legitimate interest to recruit new employees or contractors);To optimise our website: If you use our website we will use your information to ensure that the content from our website is presented in an effective manner for you and your device, to provide you with access to our site in a manner that is effective, convenient and optimal, and to provide you with content that is relevant to you, using site analytics and research and in certain circumstances combining that with other information we know about you (on the basis of our legitimate interests to operate and present an effective and convenient website to our website users); To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences: This is necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy);To conduct research: We use your information to carry out aggregated and anonymised research about general engagement with our services and systems, or if you choose to participate in customer surveys (on the basis of our legitimate interests to improve our products, services and customer service); andTo comply with our legal obligations: In certain circumstances, we will need to use your information to comply with our legal obligations, for example to comply with any court orders or subpoenas (on the basis of our legitimate interests to comply with a legal obligation).Marketing Material
Using your information, on the condition that you have provided us with your consent to do so, we may contact you with or make available to you information about brochures, new products, services or forthcoming events. We may tailor the information you receive or see; this will mean we can make available to you more personalised and pertinent communications. We may use technologies and work with business partners to achieve this.
We will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving brochures and newsletters, and you will always be able to unsubscribe from our each of our marketing emails (see 'Your Rights' below).
5. Who We Share Your Personal Data With In order to provide you with the services and on the lawful grounds described above, we may share your personal information with third parties such as:
Third party suppliers we work with to provide your booking and our other services to you. We may share your information with parties such as travel agents, airlines, hotels, ground handling agencies, tour leaders, transport companies, airport authorities, insurance companies and cruise companies.
Other suppliers that we work with in connection with our business. We share your information with third party suppliers that we use to provide services in connection with the experiences we offer to you. This might include companies that run our marketing campaigns, IT developers, service providers and hosting providers, third party software companies ground agents, site analytics providers, medical service providers and credit card screening companies.
Airports, immigration / border control and/or other government authorities. Sometimes we have to provide ‘Advance Passenger Information’ about you to border or immigration authorities of the country of your travel destination. This would usually be the basic information contained in your passport but the laws of certain countries may require additional information. We will provide this information when we are required to do so.
Credit references and fraud prevention agencies.
Courts or advisors. We may have to share your information with other third parties (such as legal, accountants or other advisors, regulatory authorities, courts and government agencies) to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees or where such disclosure may be permitted or required by law.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.Sending Your Data Outside Of The EEAWe will only send your data outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to:
follow your instructions
comply with a legal duty
work with our suppliers and third parties who we use to help deliver our services
Some of our external third parties are based outside the EEA so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. If we do transfer information to parties outside of the EEA, we will make sure that it is given a similar degree of protection.6. Google Analytics And Cookies
We use Google Analytics to track how many visitors visit this website and which pages are visited the most. Google Analytics uses cookies in order to achieve this. Google Analytics does not collect or monitor any personal information about the visitor. We are not able to see who visited the website. By using our website, you consent to the use of cookies, buy if you would prefer that your visit to the website was not tracked, you can disable cookies within your browser. Disabling cookies will not affect your experience of the Naturetrek website in any way, however, please be aware it may reduce the quality of your experience on other websites.
Our website contains links to third party websites not controlled or owned by us. For example, reference sites or services websites. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites before using them.
7. Your Rights
Please let us know in writing if you like to see the personal data we hold about you, as you are entitled to a copy of this information and to correct any inaccuracies. We will supply this information within a maximum of a calendar month of receiving your request.
You have the right to ask not to receive direct marketing material from us, and as soon as properly notified by you, we will take steps to stop using your information in this way. You will also be able to remove yourself from our emailing list by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of all marketing emails.
You also have the “Right to be Forgotten”, and as soon as properly notified by you, we will remove all your information from our records.
8. How Long We Keep Your Data ForWe will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose we collected it for, including for the purpose of satisfying any legal accounting or reporting requirements. By law we have to keep basic information about booking and our customers for six years for legal claims and tax purposes.9. Security StatementWe have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information. This site is hosted on a server in the UK and any personal data retained by us with your consent will be processed in accordance with our registration under the Data Protection Act 2018.10. Changes To This PolicyAny changes to this Policy will be either posted on our website, brochure and/or made available on request.11. ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Mingledown Barn, Wolf’s Lane, Chawton, Alton, Hampshire, GU34 3HJ or info@naturetrek.co.uk. For more information about data protection, including any complaints, please refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office: www.ico.org.uk Terms And Conditions Of Use Of On Website
1. Information About Us
We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 03311102, and our registered address is at Mingledown Barn, Wolf’s Lane, Chawton, Alton, Hampshire, GU34 3HJ. The best way to contact us is by email at info@naturetrek.co.uk. We are a fully licensed tour operator and hold an Air Travel Organisers Licence (ATOL no. 2962) issued by the Civil Aviation Authority.
2. Use Of The Website
This website is owned by Naturetrek and is intended to inform about who we are and what we do.
You may use our Website only for lawful purposes.  You may not use our Website in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent.
You also agree not to interfere with, impair or disrupt any part of our Website, any equipment or network on which our Website is stored; or any software used in the provision of our Website.
You are responsible for making all arrangements for you to have access to our Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Website through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
If we determine that an infringement of these terms has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate, including immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Website; further legal action against you; and/or disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we feel is necessary.
If you purchase products from our Website, our terms set in the Booking Conditions and the Privacy Policy will apply to the sales
By using our Website, you are agreeing to these terms of use.  If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our Website.
3. Intellectual PropertyWe own or license all intellectual property rights in our Website and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws around the world.  All such rights are reserved. You are welcome to download and print content from this site for your own purposes, but you may not copy or reproduce any of the content or design elements for any other purpose without the express written permission of Naturetrek. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, videos or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Any use of extracts from the Website other than in accordance with this clause for any purpose is prohibited. All third party trademarks are hereby acknowledged as the intellectual property of our respective trading partners, from whom we have obtained permission to use them on this site.
4. Website AlterationsThe main purpose of our Website is to provide information and the ability to book travel experiences. We may update our Website on a regular basis and may alter the content at any time. Any of the material on our Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update that material. We do not guarantee that our Website will be available constantly, or that any content on it will be free from errors or omissions. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend our Website or parts of it without notice.
5. Links
You may link to our Website, provided it is done so in a way that is legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not determine a link in a way which implies any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. We reserve the right to retract linking permission without notice.
Where our Website contains links to other sites and online resources provided by third parties, these links are presented for your information and interest only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.  Your use of third party websites and resources is at your own risk.
6. Our Liability
Information, suggestions, opinions and advice contained on our Website are provided without any guarantees or warranties as to its accuracy and are for general information only unless the Booking Conditions apply. It is not meant to be advice on which you should rely. All travel packages are subjected to availability.
To the extent permitted by law, we expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties, representations and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity;
All liability for any claim, loss, demands or damages of any kind whatsoever (whether such claims, loss, demands or damages were foreseeable, known or otherwise) arising out of or in connection with the use of our Website or the information, content or materials included on this Website and any communication sent to you by us or any communication sent to us by you via the internet.
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence (or that of our employees, agents or directors); or fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or any liability which may not be limited or excluded by law.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our Website for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our Website for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
If you are a business user, we will not be liable to you for any loss of profit, sales, business or revenue, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation or any indirect or consequential loss or damage
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Website or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any services or products to you, which will be set out in our Booking Conditions.
8. Governing LawThe English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Website although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for infringement of these Terms in your country of residence or any other relevant country. These Terms and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England.
9. VariationsWe may revise these Terms at any time by altering this page. You should check this page from time to time to take notice of any amendments we made, as they are binding on you.  Your continued use of our Website will be your acknowledgment of your agreement to the revised Terms.
10. Your ConcernsIf you have any concerns about material which appears on our Website or you wish to make use of content on our Website other than that set out above, please contact info@naturetrek.co.uk.
×
Book any holiday today for a deposit of just £50 pp! To redeem this offer, please book over the phone: 01962 733051 (8:30am – 5pm Mon-Fri). Excludes cruises. View offer details.