http://www.hitch-hiking.org/privacypolicy/
Applicability
Diese Privaccy Policy informs
you about the use of data by the website operated by Christian
Niggemann, Röntgenring 7, 97070 Würzburg according to
Bundesdatenschutzgesetz and Telemediengesetz.
The website operator takes your privacy very
seriously and will treat your personal information confidentially and in
accordance with the law.
Keep in mind that data transmission on the
Internet can generally be subject to security risks. Full protection
against access by strangers is not possible.
Server-Logfiles
The website operator or
website provider collects data about accesses to the site and saves
these as “server log files”. The following data is logged:
Visited websiteTime at the time of accessAmount of data sent in bytesSource / reference from which you came to the page.Used browserUsed operating systemUsed IP address.
The data collected are for
statistical purposes only and to improve the website. However, the
website operator reserves the right to retrospectively check the server
logfiles in case of unlawful use.
Handling of personal data
The website operator collects,
uses and transfers your personal data only if this is permitted by law
or if you agree to the collection of data.
Personal information means all
information that is used to identify your person and which can be
traced back to you – such as your name, e-mail address and telephone
number.
Handling of contact information
If you contact the website
operator through the offered contact options, your details will be
stored so that they can be used to process and answer your request.
Without your consent, this data will not be disclosed to third parties.
Range measurement & cookies
This website uses cookies for pseudonymised range measurement, which are transmitted either by our server or the server of third parties to the browser of the user. Cookies are small files that are stored on your end device. Your browser accesses these files. The use of cookies increases the user-friendliness and security of this website.
If you do not want cookies to be stored on your end device for range measurement, you can object to the use of these files here:
Cookie deactivation page of the network advertising initiative: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Cookie deactivation page of the US website: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/
Cookie deactivation page of the European website: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Common browsers offer the option not to accept cookies. Note: There is no guarantee that you will be able to access all functions of this website without restrictions if you make the appropriate settings.
Collection and processing of personal data
The website operator collects, uses and passes on your personal data only if this is permitted by law or if you consent to the collection of data.
You can also visit this website without providing any personal information. However, in order to improve our online services, we store your access data to this website (without personal reference). This access data includes, for example, the file you requested or the name of your Internet provider. The anonymisation of the data does not allow conclusions to be drawn about you personally.
Rights of the user: information, correction and deletion
On request you you will
receive free information about which personal data has been stored about
you. If your request does not conflict with a legal obligation to
retain data (eg Vorratsdatenspeicherung), you are entitled to correct
incorrect data and to block or delete your personal data.
Assist by datenschutz.org
This website uses cookies. If you continue to use the website, we will assume your consent.OK