https://www.airylouise.org/privacy-policy/
Ask a Question
Attend an Open House
Meet Us Near You
Request a Brochure
Request a Camp Tour
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for airylouise.org. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website from you. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We may collect personal identification information from you in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when you visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on this site. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. You may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and other personally identifiable information as necessary for the processing of specific inquiries or requests. You may, however, visit this site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain site-related activities.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to respond to a question or send you more information.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We also may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our site. Non-personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to, the browser name, the type of computer or device and technical information about your means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet Service Providers utilized.
Web Browser Cookies
Our site may use “cookies” to enhance user experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, some parts of the site may not function properly.
We have created a mechanism by which you may opt out of cookies at any time. This generally can be found at the bottom of the screen under a “Cookies” or “Cookies Policy” tab. By opting out of cookies, we will not set any cookies to track you or collect any personally identifiable information. This may not include all third-party scripts or cookies, as these often set and manage their own cookies from their servers.
You may view and manage all cookies on your computer or device.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Children
This site is not directed to children under thirteen (13) years of age, and children under such age must not use this site or services offered on it to submit any personally identifiable information about themselves.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone or via email.