http://www.teamassociated.com/privacy/
0
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Newsletter
Log In
Register
Parts
Search Parts
Search Site
SHOP
DEALERS & TRACKS
NEWS
SUPPORT
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Contact & Support Menu
Support
Careers
Contact Us
Hours of Operation
Insider's Newsletter
Warranty Information
Repair, Warranty Service, RMA
Shipping Rates & Returns
Discontinued Item Downloads
Privacy Policy
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Dealer & Track Locator
MAP Policy/Product List
Distributors
Website FAQ
Exchange Programs
Wheel Charts
Logos & Product Shots
Privacy Policy
E-mail correspondence.
When you send us an e-mail, we will store your communication and our reply for a time in case we correspond further. We will not share to third parties the personally identifiable information you provided us with, or sell, rent, or lease it to any third party.
Online form submission of comments.
When you send us comments through the various forms, we will store your communication indefinitely by computer backups. If we reply by return e-mail, we will store your communication and our reply for a time in case we correspond further. We will not share to third parties the personally identifiable information you provided us with, or sell, rent or lease it to any third party.
Online form submission of orders.
For your protection, the private information you submit with your order, such as but not limited to your phone number and credit/debit card information, does not remain on the server. We will not share to third parties the personally identifiable information you provided us with, or sell, rent or lease it to any third party, except by court order.
Newsletter subscription.
When you subscribe to the Team Associated Insider's Newsletter or any other similar subscription service we offer, we use your e-mail address and any other information you give us to provide you with the information or other services you requested until you ask us to stop, or until the information or service is no longer available. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the directions in the subscribed newsletter. We will not share to third parties the personally identifiable information you provided us with or sell, rent, or lease it to any third party.
Cookie usage.
We do utilize cookies and session tracking through our website; however this is done strictly for statistical purposes and to store relevant information as you go from page to page. No personally identifiable information is stored, and the cookies do not track any information outside of the Team Associated website.
News
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Dealer/Track Locator
Careers
Products and prices subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographic errors.
Click here to send us feedback, feature requests, and bug reports about our new website.
©2020 Associated Electrics, Inc. All products, logos, software, concepts, and content are protected under international copyright laws.
Search
×
Parts
Search Parts
Search Site