https://www.marine-events.co.uk/privacy-policy/
X
Home
Event Types
Your Choices
Luxury Sailing Experience Day
Luxury Performance Powerboat Day
Yacht Regatta Day – Racing Afloat
Combination Day – Sailing Yacht & Powerboat
Cowes Week Hospitality & Charter Days
This Summer’s Special Events
Film & TV Boating Specialisation
Overseas Incentives & Private Yacht Charters.
SailGP
America’s Cup
Boats
Sailing Yacht Charter – Our Fleet
Power Boat Charter – Our Fleet
Luxury Catamaran Charters – UK
Luxury Catamaran Charters – Caribbean
Cats
Luxury Catamaran Charters – UK
Luxury Catamaran Charters – Caribbean
Holiday Tuition and Preparation – Mono Hull to Catamaran
Buying a Catamaran- Try before you buy, help and advice.
Saltwater Fly Fishing Safari’s – BVI’s
Paddle boarding Safari – Solent
Venues
Gallery
Event Photos 2019
Event Photos 2018
Event Photos 2017
Event Photos 2016
Event Photos 2015
Event Photos 2014
Event Photos 2013
Event Photos 2012
Event Photos 2010
All Galleries
About us
News
Testimonials
FAQ’s
Contact
Privacy Policy
OVERVIEW
Our commitment is to put our customers and site users first. We strive to:
Be transparent about how we collect and use your information.
Keep your information secure.
Provide you with meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand what information Marine Events (t/as Marine Events Ltd) collects:
During the course of your use of our website marine-events.co.uk
During the course of any interaction with our social media accounts
When you interact with us either online via email marketing or at events.
Why we collect your data and what we do with it.
Date
Last updated: 9 May 2018 in line with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018. Marine Events is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
Contact Details
Full name of legal entity:
Marine Events Ltd
Email address: info@marine-events.co.uk
Postal address:
Savannah, Twynhams Hill, Shirrell Heath, Hampshire SO32  2JL
Telephone number: + 44 (0)1329 835000
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows:
Identity Data – may include your first name, last name, username.
Contact Data – may include your billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data – may include your bank account details.
Transaction Data – may include details about payments between us and other details of purchases made by you.
Technical Data – may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data – may include your username and password, purchases or orders.
Usage Data – may include information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data – may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and your communication preferences.
We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data but this data does not reveal your identity and as such in itself is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Website Usage Data to work out the most popular sections in our site (for example).
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:
Order our products or services.
Create an account on our site.
Subscribe to our service or publications.
Request resources or marketing be sent to you.
Enter a competition, prize draw, promotion or survey.
Give us feedback.
Sign up for a newsletter or use our contact form.
Automated technologies or interactions: As you use our site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies, server logs and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites that use our cookies. Please view our cookie policy here.
Events/Interactions: You may provide your data at an event or you may provide us with your details during a meeting or conference. This data is treated securely from the moment of receiving and transferred to our secure online data software during or directly after the event or meeting.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email.
NOTE: You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us or unsubscribing from our email communications or amending your data on our website.
PURPOSES FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Set out below is:
A description of the ways we intend to use your personal data.
The legal grounds on which we will process such data.
An explanation of our legitimate interests.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
For clarity please email us at info@marine-events.co.uk if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data if more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To register you as a new customer
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover debts owed to us
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising
(a)Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have:
Requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
If you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications; and
In each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We will not in any circumstances share your data with any third party for marketing purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the unsubscribe links on any marketing message sent to you or by visiting our website data portal or email marketing system and deleting or updating your profile.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) do not always offer the same levels of protection to your personal data, so European law has prohibited transfers of personal data outside of the EEA unless the transfer meets certain criteria.
Many of our third parties service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; or
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe; or
Where we use providers based in the United States, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
Click here for more about these rights
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at info@marine-events.co.uk.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see the Cookie Policy.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at info@marine-events.co.uk.
MANAGING YOUR DATA
Privacy Settings
Marine Events offers various ways to manage the notifications you receive. You can choose to stop receiving certain emails and notifications by indicating your preference at our links page . You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained at the bottom of each type of email. Any administrative or service-related emails (to confirm a purchase, or an update to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested.
Updating Account Information
You may correct, amend or update profile or account information that is inaccurate at any time by emailing us at info@marine-events.co.uk.
Deleting Information and Accounts
You may request that your account is deleted  or ask for a copy of your data by emailing us at info@marine-events.co.uk.
More Information
First Name*Last Name*Email address*
Contact NumberComments/messageWe will use the data you submit to fulfil your request. Privacy Policy.Marketing Consent
Please send me your special offers and update email. Privacy Policy.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Yacht of the Month
Moody 66 – ‘Odile’
Marine Events are delighted to announce that the Moody 66 will again be available for charter again this summer
Find out More ...
Recent News
Golley Slaters Annual Cowes Week Powerboat Day
Adelco’s Catamaran and Rib Day…in the September Sun
Subscribe to Updates
info@marine-events.co.uk
Home
Corporate Sailing and Powerboat Events
Boats
Venues
News
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2020 Marine Events All rights reserved.
First Name:*Last Name:*Email*
We will use the data you submit to fulfil your request. Privacy Policy.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
We use cookies to enhance your experience whilst on our site, and improve our services by analysing our site traffic we also use them to enable social media features.
By closing this banner, scrolling
or clicking a link or continuing to browse you agree to the use of cookies.AcceptRefuseCookie Policy
Revoke cookies