http://www.filipinoako.com/privacy
Upload
Videos
Ranking
Overall North America South America Europe Asia Africa Australia
Sign In
Username or Email
Password
Remember me
Forgot Password?
|
Create Account
Sign in with:
Create Account
Non-Contestant VideosAnimation, Cartoons, Children, FamilyArts & ScienceComedy, LOL :-)Drama, Acting, TheatricalDocumentary, EducationalForeign, InternationalGamesMovies & EntertainmentOfficial MTVMusic, KaraokePrank VideosPets and AnimalsSportsOthers, Miscellaneous
1st Season Contestants
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy explains:What information we collect and why we collect it.How we use that information.The choices we offer, including how to access and update information. Information we collectWe collect information to provide better services to all our users, including the performers. We collect the information from the ones that you provided when you sign up, including but not limited to your personal information and the information we get from your use of our services.How we use information we collectWe use the information we collect from all of Pwiker Services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Pwiker and our users. We also use this information for future needs as we see fit.Transparency and ChoicePeople have different privacy concerns, our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it is important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.Information you shareOur services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines. Pwiker services provide you with different options on sharing and removing content.Accessing and updating your personal informationWhenever you use Pwiker Services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it unless we have keep that information for legitimate business and legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We may reject request that has unreasonable risk to the privacy of others and against the law.Information we shareWe do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Pwiker unless you provided your consent, with domain administrators, for external processing, for legal reasons and continued contract as our artists.Information securityWe work hard to protect Pwiker and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold.Our privacy policy applies to all of Pwiker Services and its affiliates, including services offered on other sites such as our advertising services, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. We will also keep our prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. PWIKER
BAKIT NGA BA MAHAL KITA Kapag ako ay nagmahal
Isa lamang at wala nang iba pa
Iaalay buong buhay
Lumigaya ka lang, lahat ay gagawin
Tumingin ka man sa iba
Magwawalang-kibo na lang itong puso ko
Walang sumbat na mar... Read more
Mexican girl wrongly sent to US returns to celebration GUANAJUATO, Mexico (AP) — A 14-year-old Mexican girl who was taken by authorities and sent screaming to live in the United States was returned home Wednesday after DNA tests showed she is not the... Read more
California's Venice Beach seeks topless sunbathing Venice Beach, a California town known for its laid-back style in an already laid-back state, wants women on its shores to be able to go topless.
In doing so it cites what it calls links with Europ... Read more
Three more women say Bill Cosby drugged, sexually assaulted them By Dana Feldman
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Three more women on Thursday accused Bill Cosby of sexually abusing them decades ago, as the veteran comedian gets ready for the final show in his U.S. come... Read more
VB: Harper loves her brothers Victoria Beckham says her daughter Harper is "a little tomboy".
The former Spice Girl has the three-year-old with husband David. The couple also have three sons and Victoria revealed her little gi... Read more
Latest Public Star Photos
Social Media Like Us on Facebook
Subscribe Feeds
Follow Us
Your advertisement here!
Please advertise at this fastest growing and exciting site and let your brand grow and be seen here. Please contact sales[at]pwiker.com for more information. Thank you and have a wonderful day! From your ticket to stardom, PWIKER
Home Videos Ranking Contact us
FAQ Merchant List Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2015 Pwiker Worldstar. All rights reserved Developed by: Sunecai