http://www.thekennelclub.org.uk/policies/terms-and-conditions/
Please note, we are experiencing high volumes of traffic during this time and responses may take a little longer than normal. If you would like further help, please use our FAQ page which can be found at thekennelclub.org.uk/FAQs
Home
Terms and Conditions
Registered owner:
This website is owned and maintained by:The Kennel Club LimitedRegistered in England and WalesRegistration number 8217778
Registered office:
1-5 Clarges StreetPiccadillyLondonW1J 8ABUnited Kingdom
Conditions of use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the conditions of use on which you may make use of this website whether as a guest or a registered user.
By using the website, you indicate that you accept these conditions of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these conditions of use, please refrain from using the website.
Accessing the website
Access to the website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on the website without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason the website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of the website, to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these conditions of use.
When using the website, you must comply with the provisions of our acceptable use policy. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the website through your internet connection are aware of these conditions of use, and that they comply with them.
Web browser policy
This website works best when using one of the following browsers:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Android Browser
Please be aware that our support for the above browsers is limited to the most recent and previous versions, except for Internet Explorer, which is limited to IE 11 only.
Reliance on information posted
All material posted on the website is intended for information purposes only and does not represent legal veterinary or other professional advice on which reliance should be placed. Users are hereby placed under notice that they should take appropriate steps to verify such information. No user should act or refrain from acting on the information contained in the website without first verifying the information and as necessary obtaining legal and/or other professional advice.
Our liability
The Kennel Club makes no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the completeness and accuracy of the information contained on the website. To the extent permitted by law, The Kennel Club expressly excludes all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
The Kennel Club expressly disclaims all liability and responsibility for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user arising from any reliance placed on materials posted on the website by any visitor to the website and by anyone who may be informed of any of their contents, or from the use or inability to use the website, whether directly or indirectly, resulting from inaccuracies, defects, errors, whether typographical or otherwise, omissions, out of date information or otherwise.
Direct, indirect or consequential loss and damage shall include but not be limited to loss of profits or contracts, loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of goodwill, and wasted expenditure or management time.
Nothing in these conditions of use shall exclude The Kennel Club's liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence, nor its liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Changes to the website
We aim to update the website regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to the website, or close it indefinitely.
Viruses, hacking and other offences
The user agrees that material downloaded or otherwise accessed through the use of the website is obtained entirely at the user's own risk and that the user will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data.
You must not misuse the website by knowingly introducing any spyware, computer viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the website, the server on which the website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the website.
Linking to the website
We encourage website owners to link to any information on our site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. The website must not be framed on any other site. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy. Please note we cannot guarantee that the information will always remain in the same place.
Third party websites
The Kennel Club does not accept any liability or responsibility for any third party websites that can be accessed through the website or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. The Kennel Club does not endorse or approve the contents of any such site and these links are provided for your information only.
Uploading material to the website
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to the website, or to make contact with other users of the website, you must comply with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy. You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty.
Any material you upload to the website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to the website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the website.
We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on the website if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.
Find a Puppy
No representations are made nor shall The Kennel Club incur any liability from the user's reliance upon or from the inclusion in the Find a Puppy service.
General
We process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Notice. By using the website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
If any provision of these conditions of use or the notice of copyright (see below) is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions which shall remain in full force and effect.
The Kennel Club's omission to exercise any right under these conditions of use or the notice of copyright shall not constitute a waiver of any such right unless expressly accepted by The Kennel Club in writing.
These conditions of use and the notice of copyright and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
The user and The Kennel Club agree to submit any dispute (including any non-contractual dispute) arising out of or in connection with the use of the website to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
We may revise these conditions of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made, as they are binding on you.
Notice of copyright/intellectual property rights
Except where expressly stated to the contrary, all intellectual property rights in the text, graphics, information, motifs, logos, designs and databases contained in this site including the domain names, organisation and layout of the site and the software used in relation to the site are owned by The Kennel Club or its licensors.
The Kennel Club owns a portfolio of registered and unregistered trade marks including but not limited to The Kennel Club. You may not use any trademarks, service marks and/or other trade names belonging to The Kennel Club from time to time, without The Kennel Club's prior written consent (including without limitation The Kennel Club's trademarks The Kennel Club, all page headers, custom graphics and button icons on the site) including to imply endorsement by The Kennel Club of your website and/or goods and/or services or otherwise without our prior written consent.
All other trademarks referred to on the site are the trademarks of their respective owners and you will require their specific authorisation should you wish to use any of the trademarks.
You are welcome to copy excerpts of our information for personal use and purposes of review, discussion, academic study and other legitimate pursuits. You do not need to seek permission for such fair use, although you should acknowledge the source.
However, all information on this site, all motifs, designs and logos are copyright © The Kennel Club, unless specifically stated otherwise. We will vigorously pursue any violation of our copyright that seeks to exploit our material for commercial gain or to misrepresent our regulatory stance.
You should not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way; and you do should not use any graphics, illustrations or photographs, separately from any accompanying text.
This permission may be revoked at any time by The Kennel Club. Material displayed on the site, in whole or in part, may not otherwise be copied, reproduced, republished or incorporated in any other work or publication, whether paper or electronic media or any other form, without The Kennel Club's prior written permission.
You may not reproduce or store any part of this site in any other website, document management system or electronic retrieval system (via screen-scraping or otherwise) without The Kennel Club's prior written permission.
You must not use any part of the materials on this site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from The Kennel Club.
In particular you must not:
use this site and in particular any of The Kennel Club registers or databases as a source of material or contact data for any kind of marketing activity; or
use any information on this site and in particular from any of The Kennel Club registers or databases to create, update, amend or verify your own or someone else's databases, records, directories, customer lists, mailing or prospecting lists to provide any kind of commercial information service
If you print off, copy or download any part of this site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use this site will cease immediately and you must, at The Kennel Club's option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
The Kennel Club will vigorously pursue any violation of its intellectual property rights that seeks to exploit its material for commercial gain or to misrepresent its stance.
Any rights not expressly granted in this notice are reserved.
Acceptable use policy
This acceptable use policy sets out the terms between you and The Kennel Club under which you may access the website and your online dashboard (referred to in this acceptable use policy as the website).
This acceptable use policy applies to all users of, and visitors to, the website.
Your use of the website means that you accept, and agree to abide by, all the policies in this acceptable use policy, which supplement the conditions of use.
Prohibited uses
You may use the website only for lawful purposes. You may not use the website:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or
to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware
You also agree:
not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the website in contravention of the provisions of our conditions of use, or
not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt any part of the website, any equipment or network on which the website is stored, any software used in the provision of the website, or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on the website, including, without limitation:
comment spaces and forums
public profiles
blogs, and
any other forms of user-generated content
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used. Information about data gathered during any interactions is covered by our Privacy Notice.
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on the website, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on the website, and we expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of any interactive service by a user in contravention of our content standards, whether the service is moderated or not.
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to the website (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with them. You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
be accurate (where they state facts)
be genuinely held (where they state opinions)
comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted
Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person
contain any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory
promote sexually explicit material
promote violence
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age
infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person
be likely to deceive any person
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence
promote any illegal activity
be threatening, abuse or invade another's privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety
be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person
give the impression that they emanate from The Kennel Club, if this is not the case
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of the website. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of the conditions of use upon which you are permitted to use the website, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the website
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the website
issue of a warning to you
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach
further legal action against you, or
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Changes to the acceptable use policy
We may revise this acceptable use policy at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are legally binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in this acceptable use policy may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on the website.
Search The Kennel Club
Go