http://www.learntoskydive.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
About
Contact
Why Skydive?
How to learn?
Where to Learn?
Testimonials
Prices
Example Costs
Latest News
John made his first parachute jump
in 1970 whilst serving in the Army,
40 years on he has now completed
over 10,000 skydives!
Latest News
Military Expedition - May 2013
This was a British Army Adventurous Training expedition organised by the Royal Engineers.  John helped to train and jump with the sixteen A...
READ MORE
Privacy Policy
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data text file that can be placed in your browser to enable a server to recognize you each time you visit this site. Cookies may be placed on reader’s computers from time to time by Learn to Skydive.
Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information. Learn to Skydive does not use cookies to collect personal information. Instead, they may sometimes be used to track which parts of our site you have used so that we can better serve you when you return. Cookies may be used to provide you with information and special opportunities tailored to your interests.
Learn to Skydive is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of those who use the Learn to Skydive website. This statement outlines how we handle any personal information we obtain.
Email
Learn to Skydive will never give your email address to anyone else. We will only send you mail in response to your questions, as follow-up to your transactions, or as part of services you have signed-up for.
Prices
All our FF courses include the
cost of kit hire, ground training,
in-air instruction, briefing
/debriefing, parachute packing
and high quality video.
VIEW MORE
I first had the pleasure of working with John when i organised a military AFF expedition to Lake Elsinore, California in March for 10 soldiers from 16 Air Assault Brigade. I was put in contact with John through a colleague in the Army when he found out that I was looking for instructors for the expedition....
Lieutenant Matt King - 16 Air Assault Brigade
Web Design • Terms & Conditions • Privacy Policy • © Learn to Skydive 2017