https://www.beachsideholidays.com.au/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Parks has an obligation to protect the privacy of site users. This statement describes what information is collected, and why. Thank you for visiting Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Parks Web site (www.beachsideholidays.com.au ) and reviewing our privacy statement.Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Parks respects and protects the privacy of users. This statement tells you how we collect information and how we use it.Statistical informationIf you visit the website to read or download information, the following information will be recorded for statistical purposes: Your server's address. The name of the top level domain from which you access the website (for example, .gov, .com, .edu, .org, .au, .nz etc). The type of browser you use. The date and time you accessed our site. The pages you accessed. The Internet address to which you link to our site. The above information is used to create summary statistics is used for statistical purposed only and will not be release to any third party without prior consent. CookiesThe storing of cookies on your machine is necessary to identify a buyer during a session on this website. These cookies currently expire within 30 minutes, so if no activity (ie. page loads) occurs within that limit, the cookie is destroyed and a new one created identifying a new session. Previous information is not retained for that new session.Contacting Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Parks by emailYour e-mail address will only be recorded by Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Parks if you choose to send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it without your consent.Subscribe and unsubscribe email serviceOur site offers a subscribe and unsubscribe email service for those people who wish to receive news and other updates via Hol-e-deals Newsletter. When you subscribe to this service your email address is added to a database. This information is used only to provide the service and will not be used for any other purpose, and it will not be disclosed without your consent.Links to other sitesThis site contains links to other sites. Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Parks is not responsible for the privacy practice or the content of such websites.
Subscribe to our Newsletterand enjoy our exclusive offers! Guest CommitmentBe confident when staying at a Port Stephens Beachside Holiday Park in this post-COVID world that we are 100% committed to keeping you and your family safe by:
Increased cleaning frequency of: Accommodation & Reception Areas Shower & Toilet Amenities Camp Kitchen, Games Room and BBQ Seating Area
Contactless guest interactions including: Express contactless check in Pay in full over the phone or online before arrival Contactless key return box when checking out
Increased use of: Personal hygiene information & instructions Hand sanitizer in public areas Disinfectant wipes available
Adherence to Social Distancing instructions: No more than 1 or 2 people at a time in Reception Floor markings are in place Social distancing measures in place in amenities buildings
Record Keeping: Guest Health Declarations and pre-arrival screening in accordance with the NSW Health Orders Guest contact tracing and record keeping in accordance with the NSW Health Orders
Important Note:By downloading the COVIDSafe app, you will keep yourself and your community safe by helping health workers to notify you quickly if you have come in contact with someone who has coronavirus.