http://www.scoresonthedoors.org.uk/privacy-policy.php
Privacy Policy
Transparencydata is committed to protecting your privacy online. Our policy explains how we will do this.
Site overview
The information held on this site has been gathered by authorized and suitably qualified local authority staff in the
course of their duties.
For Food Hygiene all inspections are carried out in accordance with the Food Safety Act, the European Communities Act
and their regulations, and the Food Standards Agency's Code of Practice and Guidance. Food premises may only be
inspected every 6 - 36 months as specified in the Food Standards Agency's Code of Practice. The hygiene rating given
to premises on this web site has been based on the latest Primary Inspection carried out and as such represents the
situation as found by the officer on the day of that inspection. Therefore the score may not be representative of
the overall, long-term food hygiene standards of the business and should not be relied upon as a guide to food
safety or food quality.
What information do we collect?
Your IP address
We also use cookies. For an explanation, see the section on cookies below.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files which many web sites transfer to your hard disk. They can inform the web site what pages you
visit, and your preferences, which enable web sites to provide you with a more personalized service. You can set
your browser to refuse cookies, or to warn you before accepting them.
We download a cookie once you have accepted the disclaimer, so that you can browse for up to 20 minutes without
having to continually accept disclaimers.
How do we use your information?
We use the information to help us understand more about how our web site is used, to improve our site.
When do we share information?
We do not sell your personal information to others. Your IP address is used by Google to provide us with traffic
analysis.
Disclaimer
TransparencyData makes no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the
information contained on this web site for any purpose. All such information is provided "as is" and with
specific disclaimer of any warranties of merchantability, fitness for purpose, title and/or non-infringement.
TransparencyData makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this web site will
be uninterrupted, error-free or that the web site or the server that hosts the web site are free from viruses or
other forms of harmful computer code. In no event shall TransparencyData, its employees or agents be liable for any
direct, indirect or consequential damages resulting from the use of this web site. This exclusion and limitation
only applies to the extent permitted by law and is without prejudice to any express provisions to the contrary in
any written licence or subscription agreement from TransparencyData in respect of the use of any online service
provided via this web site.
Links
Links to other web sites are provided by TransparencyData in good faith and for information only. TransparencyData
disclaims any responsibility for the materials contained in any web site linked to this site. We will review this
policy in the light of comments we receive so please check the latest version. If you have any questions
specifically about Privacy please contact us.
Advanced Search
About
Contact
Client Login
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
All information © Scores on the Doors, Transparency Data Ltd. 2020. All rights reserved.
Software version: 5.1 live