https://www.upcounsel.com/termsofuse
UpCounsel LLC Terms of Use
Share this document
Download for free
“The
User,”
“You”
and
“Your”
refer
to the person, company, or organization that has visited or is
using the Website and/or the Service. A User may be a Legal Client,
a Consultant User, both, or neither.
“Consultant
Users”
refer
to registered consultant users in the legal field who may
communicate with and provide contracting or consulting work to
Legal Clients or fellow Consultant Users via the Service.
Consultant Users are not the employees or agents of UpCounsel.
Please see Section 6 of this Agreement for more information about
Consultant Users.
“Legal
Clients”
refer
to 1) Users who submit requests for proposals from Consultant Users
for providing legal services for a fee (“Jobs”);
and 2) Users who contract with Consultant Users for additional
work, which, for purposes of Section 7 below, may include permanent
employment, beyond the initial Job which established the Consultant
User-Legal Client relationship. Consultant Users may submit
proposals (“Bids”)
for such Jobs and may also establish terms of the relationship with
the Legal Client via a signed engagement letter or other written
agreement. Please see Section 6(b) for more information about Jobs,
Bids, and Legal Clients
“Content”
refers
to content featured or displayed through the Website, including
without limitation text, documents, information, data, articles,
opinions, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications,
video recordings, audio recordings, sounds, designs, features, and
other materials that are available on the Website. Content
includes, without limitation, User-Generated Content, which may be
submitted by any UpCounsel User (Legal Client or Consultant User).
“Addendum”
refers
to the UpCounsel Terms of Use Attorney Addendum and the terms and
conditions of which are incorporated herein.
About
the UpCounsel Service.
The
UpCounsel Service is a platform for collaboration and communication
between legal professionals and those seeking legal assistance. The
UpCounsel Service provides access to UpCounsel’s
virtual community of professional Consultant Users; easy
collaboration through UpCounsel’s
communication management tools; document management and storage;
and simple, secure payment and invoicing tools.
UpCounsel
Is Not A Law Firm. UpCounsel does not offer legal representation.
UpCounsel does not offer any legal advice, legal opinions,
recommendations, referrals, or counseling. Consultant Users are not
the employees or agents of UpCounsel. UpCounsel is not involved in
agreements between Users or in the representation of Users. At no
point may UpCounsel be held liable for the actions or omissions of
any Consultant User performing consulting services for you.
UpCounsel
Is Not An Attorney Referral Service or Employment Agency. UpCounsel
is not an attorney referral service or employment agency. UpCounsel
does not select or endorse any individual Consultant User to
service a Legal Client. While UpCounsel uses commercially
reasonable efforts to confirm that registered Consultant Users are
licensed attorneys, we do not make any warranty, guarantee, or
representation as to the legal ability, competence, quality, or
qualifications of any Consultant User. UpCounsel does not warrant
or guarantee that Consultant Users are covered by professional
liability insurance. UpCounsel encourages Legal Clients to research
any Consultant User before accepting professional advice.
UpCounsel
does not vouch for any of its Users. UpCounsel simply provides a
platform on which those seeking legal assistance may communicate
and transact with legal professionals. UpCounsel does not endorse
any of its Consultant Users and does not sanction statements that
Consultant Users make on the platform. UpCounsel makes no
representation concerning the qualifications of non-attorney legal
service providers.
UpCounsel
Does Not Guarantee Results. From time to time, Legal Clients may
submit reviews of Consultant Users; these reviews do not constitute
a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of any
future legal matter. UpCounsel will have no responsibility or
liability of any kind for any User-Generated Content or legal
advice you encounter on or through the Website, and any use or
reliance on User-Generated Content or legal advice is solely at
your own risk.
Use
of UpCounsel Does Not Create An Attorney-Client Relationship With
UpCounsel. UpCounsel does not offer legal advice or services. Any
use of the UpCounsel Service is not intended to, and does not,
create an attorney-client relationship. Any attorney-client
relationship must be in writing and between Consultant Users and
Legal Clients and as further described in Section 6.
Any
communication via UpCounsel may not be held confidential. UpCounsel
is not liable for the actions or omissions of any Consultant User
performing consulting services for you.
User
Responsibilities. You, and you alone, are responsible for your
account and anything that happens while you are signed in to or
using your account. Your security is your responsibility.
User
Account Security. If you sign up for the Service, you will create a
personalized account which includes a unique username and a
password to access the Service and to receive messages from
UpCounsel. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your
account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that
occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection
with the account. You agree to notify UpCounsel immediately of any
unauthorized use of account, or any other breaches of security. We
will not be responsible for any liabilities, losses, or damages
arising out of the unauthorized use of your computer, mobile
device, or other computing device and/or account.
Relationship
with Consultant Users. Because we cannot guarantee the fitness of
any of our Consultant Users for your specific needs, we encourage
Legal Clients to research any Consultant User before accepting
professional advice. Legal Clients may also request a written legal
engagement agreement specifying the terms, scope, limitations, and
conditions of the representation.
No
Reliance on User-Generated Content. User-Generated Content posted
on the Website, such as blog posts, is provided for informational
purposes only, with no assurance that the User-Generated Content is
true, correct, or accurate. User-Generated Content is not a
substitute for professional legal advice or a solicitation to offer
legal advice regarding specific facts. You should not delay or
forego seeking legal advice or disregard professional legal advice
based on User-Generated Content. Delay in seeking such legal advice
could result in waiver of any claims you may have, depending on the
applicable statute(s) of limitation. User-Generated Content is not
regulated by any state or national bar association.
Compliance
with Laws. You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the
authority to, and are of legal age in your jurisdiction to, bind
yourself to this Agreement; (ii) your use of the Service will be
solely for purposes that are permitted by this Agreement; (iii)
your use of the Service will not infringe or misappropriate the
intellectual property rights of any third party; and (iv) your use
of the Service will comply with all local, state and federal laws,
rules, and regulations, and with all other UpCounsel policies.
Use
and Conduct Restrictions. You are allowed to use the service as long
as you follow a few basic rules. The following Use Restrictions and
Conduct Restrictions are the basic rules we expect users to follow
while using the Service. We are not responsible for the content our
users post, and we have the right to close accounts if we need to.
Prohibited
Content. You agree that you will not under any circumstances
transmit any Content (including software, text, images, or other
information) that
is
unlawful or promotes unlawful activity
defames,
harasses, abuses, threatens, or incites violence towards any
individual or group
is
pornographic, discriminatory, or otherwise victimizes or
intimidates an individual or group on the basis of religion,
gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability
is
spam, is machine- or randomly-generated, constitutes unauthorized
or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of
unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling;
contains
or installs any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses, or other
content that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit
the functioning of any software, hardware, or telecommunications
equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data
or other information of any third party;
infringes
on any proprietary right of any party, including patent,
trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other
rights
impersonates
any person or entity, including any of our employees or
representatives; or
violates
the privacy of any third party.
Users
Must Be Over Age 18. You represent that you are over the age of 18.
UpCounsel does not target our Content to children or teenagers
under 18, and we do not permit any Users under 18 on our Service.
If we learn of any User under the age of 18, we will terminate that
User’s
account immediately.
No
Liability for User Interactions; UpCounsel May Monitor
Interactions. Any liability, loss or damage that occurs as a result
of any User interactions, including, without limitation, Job
Postings, that you input or receive through your use of the Service
is solely your responsibility. At our discretion, we, or technology
we employ, may monitor and/or record your general interactions with
the Service, though not the specifics of your legal interactions.
Right
to Terminate Accounts. We have the right (though not the
obligation) to, in our sole discretion, determine whether or not
any User conduct is appropriate and complies with these Terms of
Use, or terminate or deny access to and use of the Service to any
User for any reason, with or without prior notice.
User-Generated
Content. You own your content, but you allow us certain rights to
it, so that we can display and share the content you post. We have
the right to remove content if we need to.
Responsibility
for User-Generated Content. You may create content, written or
otherwise, while using the Service (“User-Generated
Content”).
You are solely responsible for the content of, and any harm
resulting from, any User-Generated Content that you post, upload,
link to or otherwise make available via the Service, regardless of
the form of that content. Any liability, loss or damage that occurs
as a result of the use of any User-Generated Content that you make
available or access through your use of the Service is solely your
responsibility. We are not responsible for any public display or
misuse of your User-Generated Content.
Right
to Post. You represent and warrant that you have the right to post
all User-Generated Content you submit. Specifically, you warrant
that you have fully complied with any third party licenses relating
to User-Generated Content, and have taken all steps necessary to
pass through to end users any required terms.
UpCounsel
May Modify or Remove Content. We have the right (though not the
obligation) to, in our sole discretion, determine whether or not
any User-Generated Content appropriate and complies with these
Terms of Use, or refuse or remove any User-Generated Content that,
in our reasonable opinion, violates any UpCounsel policy or is in
any way harmful, inappropriate, or objectionable. UpCounsel further
reserves the right to make formatting and edits and change the
manner any User-Generated Content is displayed on the Website.
Ownership
of User-Generated Content. Except for Content that originates from
UpCounsel, we do not claim ownership of any Content that is
transmitted, stored, or processed in your account. You retain all
ownership of, control of, and responsibility for User-Generated
Content you post. You may control access to your User-Generated
Content through settings in your user account.
License
Grant. Solely to allow UpCounsel to use Content you upload to the
Service reasonably without violating any rights you have in it, you
grant us the following rights: by posting any Content via the
Website, you expressly grant UpCounsel and our successors a
worldwide, sublicenseable, fully-paid and royalty-free, and
non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, display, modify, adapt,
distribute, and perform the Content in connection with UpCounsel’s
business purpose. This license does not grant UpCounsel the right
to sell User-Generated Content or otherwise distribute it outside
of our Website. This license will terminate at the time when the
Content is removed from the Website.
Consultant
Users. Consultant Users are independent legal professionals who
offer to perform consulting services for prospective Legal Clients.
They are not employees of UpCounsel.
No
Attorney-Client Relationship through Website Use. Use of the
UpCounsel Website may not form an attorney-client relationship with
Consultant Users. Information posted or made available on or
through the Website, including, without limitation, any responses
to legal questions posted on the Website; information in
UpCounsel’s
Guides and Documents; information posted publicly on the Website;
or information sent in an unsolicited message to a User is not
intended as legal advice, is not confidential, and does not create
an attorney-client relationship. It is considered User-Generated
Content.
Attorney-Client
Relationship through Service Use. An attorney-client relationship
may be formed through the use of the Service between Users and
Consultant Users only. Legal Clients may post Jobs through the
Service. Consultant Users may submit Bids and negotiate details of
these Jobs prior to acceptance. Upon acceptance, the scope of a
Consultant User’s
representation is strictly limited to the matter agreed upon in the
Bid unless Legal Client and Consultant User subsequently formalize
their arrangement via a signed engagement letter or other written
agreement, in which case the most recent written agreement would
take precedence over a previously accepted proposal. A Bid is not a
substitute for an in-person or telephone consultation with an
attorney licensed to practice in your jurisdiction about your
specific legal issue, and you should not rely upon information
contained in a Bid as legal advice. UpCounsel takes every
reasonable effort to ensure the privacy of Bids and other personal
messages on our Service, but it cannot guarantee confidentiality.
Communications requiring confidentiality should take place outside
the UpCounsel Service, such as via telephone.
User
Responsibilities. Consultant Users are solely responsible for
ensuring that any information, solicitations, or advertisements
they post or place on the Website, including without limitation
User-Generated Content, and any communications they may have with
prospective clients through the Website or the Service, fully
comply with all applicable laws and rules of professional conduct,
including those concerning the unauthorized practice of law and
those regulating the form, manner or content of communications with
clients, advertising, or other matters.
Payment
of Consultant Users. Certain specific terms govern Consultant Users
and payment.
UpCounsel
Is Not A Party To Contracts. Legal Clients may contract with
Consultant Users through posting and acceptance of Jobs. Such
contracts are solely between the Legal Client and the Consultant
User. UpCounsel will not be a party to any contracts for Jobs
submitted through our Service, unless posted by an UpCounsel
officer. UpCounsel facilitates these contracts by supplying a
platform for communication management and payment tools.
All
Legal Fees Are Paid To Consultant Users. UpCounsel does not
provide legal services and does not charge for legal services.
Payments made to Consultant Users via UpCounsel’s
billing platform are transferred directly to the Consultant User’s
payment account, less any associated service and processing fees
(e.g. credit card fees).
Consultant
Users Shall Receive Payment Through The Service For All User
Transactions. As further
defined in the Addendum, as a Consultant User of UpCounsel, you agree
to process all retainers, invoices, all amounts billed to any Legal
Clients at all times (“Payments”)
on the UpCounsel platform.
You agree to process such Payments
through the UpCounsel platform even if the Legal Clients request that
you perform a different assignment or matter from the job request
posted via UpCounsel.
If
a Legal Client is either unwilling or unable to make payment via
UpCounsel, Consultant User agrees to notify UpCounsel of any new
payment arrangement. Payment by a Legal Client to Consultant User,
made outside of the service without prior notification to UpCounsel,
constitutes a full waiver by both parties of any UpCounsel payment
guarantees or dispute protections as discussed in Sections 14 and 15
below, even as they may relate to prior payments made within the
service.
UpCounsel
Membership Subscription.
As further defined in the Addendum, you
agree to the membership
subscription fees in connection with your use of the UpCounsel
Service (“Membership Subscription”).
Promotional
Codes and Credits. UpCounsel may, in its sole discretion, create
promotional codes that may be redeemed for account credit, or other
features or benefits related to a Consultant User’s services,
subject to the following terms and any additional terms that
UpCounsel establishes on a per promotional code basis (“Promo
Codes”). Certain specific terms govern Consultant Users and
payment.
Use
of Promo Codes Does Not Imply an Attorney-Client Relationship.
From time to time, Legal Clients may have access to discounts
supplied by UpCounsel which, in part, use UpCounsel’s
funds to pay for a portion of the legal fees paid by Legal Clients
to Consultant Users. The use of such coupons does not imply any
attorney-client relationship between UpCounsel and the Consultant
Users where a coupon is used for any paid billings from a Legal
Client.
Promo
Codes must be used by their intended audience, for their intended
purpose, and in a lawful manner.
Promo
codes may not be duplicated, sold or transferred in any manner, or
made available to the general public (whether posted to a public
forum or otherwise), unless expressly permitted by UpCounsel.
Promo Codes have no cash value and may expire or be disabled by
UpCounsel at any time, for any reason, prior to your use.
UpCounsel reserves the right to withhold or deduct credits or
other features or benefits obtained through the use of Promo Codes
by you or any other user in the event that UpCounsel determines or
believes that the use or redemption of the Promo Code was in
error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable
Promo Code terms.
Contingent
Recruiting
In
the event that Legal Client employs any Consultant User as a
full-time employee, Legal Client will pay UpCounsel a fee equal to
the Consultant User’s
first year salary under the Legal Client’s
employment multiplied by the “Recruiting
Fee Percentage.”
The
Recruiting Fee Percentage shall be equal to a) 25% if the
Consultant User becomes a full-time employee within 12 months of
the Effective Date, OR b) 10% if the Consultant User becomes a
full-time employee 12 months after the Effective Date.
Disintermediation
Policy and Fees.
The
parties acknowledge that UpCounsel uses substantial labor and
effort to connect Legal Client with UpCounsel’s
Consultant Users.
Except as provided in section 7.a and 7.b,
above, Legal Client represents and warrants that it will not
circumvent or attempt to circumvent UpCounsel or this Agreement, or
in any way procure legal services from a Consultant User outside of
the UpCounsel Platform, without UpCounsel’s
prior written consent. Should Legal Client breach its warranty in
this section, Legal Client shall pay UpCounsel a one-time fee equal
to the greater of: 1) twenty five percent (25%) of Consultant
User’s
estimated annual compensation from Legal Client; or 2) $12,500.
Upon payment of the aforementioned fees described in this Section,
UpCounsel shall provide written consent for the Consultant User to
provide legal services to Legal Client off of the UpCounsel
Platform.
This section shall not apply to a Legal Client who has a
demonstrable history of obtaining legal services from Consultant
User, prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement.
At
UpCounsel’s
discretion, any Consultant Users engaging Legal Clients such as to
cause a violation of 8.a. above may have substantial restrictions
placed on their account, which may meaningfully limit their usage
of UpCounsel
Third
Party Content. There may be content from third parties on
UpCounsel’s
website, such as blog posts written by other users or links to other
websites. Because we cannot control that content, we are not
responsible for that content or for the websites that content may
link to.
Access
To Third Party Content. By using the Service, you will be able to
access Content belonging to or originating from third parties
(“Third
Party Content”).
Your use of the Service is consent for UpCounsel to present this
Content to you. You acknowledge all responsibility for, and assume
all risk for, your use of Third Party Content.
No
Responsibility For Third Party Content. As part of the Service,
UpCounsel may provide you with convenient links to third party
website(s) as well as other forms of Third Party Content. These
links are provided as a courtesy to Service subscribers. We have no
control over third party websites or content or the promotions,
materials, information, goods or services available on them. By
linking to such content, we do not represent or imply that we adopt
or endorse, nor are we responsible for, the accuracy or reliability
of any opinion, advice, or statement made by parties other than
UpCounsel. We are not responsible for any Third Party Content
accessed through our Website. If you decide to leave the Website
and access Third Party Content, you do so at your own risk and you
should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You
should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy
and data gathering practices, of any such content.
No
Authorization To Use Third Party Content. This Agreement does not
authorize you to distribute, publicly display, publicly perform,
make available, alter, or otherwise use any Third Party Content
except as permitted by UpCounsel’s
terms and conditions.
Copyright
Infringement and DMCA Policy. If you believe that material located
on or linked to by UpCounsel violates your copyright, please notify
UpCounsel in accordance with our Digital Millennium Copyright Act
Policy.
Termination
of Repeat Infringer Accounts. UpCounsel respects the intellectual
property rights of others and requests that our Users do the same.
Pursuant to 17 U.S.C. 512(i) of the United States Copyright Act, we
will terminate a User’s
access to and use of the Website if, under appropriate
circumstances, the user is determined to be a repeat infringer of
the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of UpCounsel
or others. We may terminate access for participants or users who
are found repeatedly to provide or post protected third party
content without necessary rights and permissions.
DMCA
Take-Down Notices. If you are a copyright owner or an agent of a
copyright owner and believe, in good faith, that any materials
provided on the Service infringe upon your copyrights, you may
submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act (see 17 U.S.C 512) (“DMCA”)
by sending a properly formatted take-down notice in writing to
UpCounsel’s
designated copyright agent at 580 Market St, #500, San Francisco,
CA 94104.
Response
To DMCA Take-Down Notices. If UpCounsel takes action in response to
an infringement notice, it will make a good faith attempt to
contact the party that made such content available by means of the
most recent email address, if any, provided by that party to
UpCounsel. Any DMCA infringement notice may be forwarded to the
party that made the content available or to third parties such as
ChillingEffects.org.
Counter-Notices.
If you believe that your User-Generated Content that has been
removed from the Website is not infringing, or that you have the
authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's
agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content you
submitted to the Website, you may send a properly formatted
counter-notice to UpCounsel’s
copyright agent using the contact information set forth above.
Response
to DMCA Counter-Notices. If a counter-notice is received by
UpCounsel’s
copyright agent, UpCounsel may send a copy of the counter-notice to
the original complaining party informing such person that it may
reinstate the removed content in 10 business days. Unless the
copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the
content provider, member or user, the removed content will be
reinstated on the Website in 10 to 14 business days after receipt
of the counter-notice.
Intellectual
Property Notice. UpCounsel retains all ownership of our intellectual
property, including our copyrights, patents, and trademarks.
No
Transfer. UpCounsel retains ownership of all intellectual property
rights of any kind related to the Website and Service, including
applicable copyrights, patents, trademarks and other proprietary
rights. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in
connection with the Website and the Service may be the trademarks
of other third parties. This Agreement does not transfer from us to
you any UpCounsel or third party intellectual property, and all
right, title, and interest in and to such property will remain (as
between the parties) solely with us. We reserve all rights that are
not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.
Specifically,
UpCounsel, upcounsel.com, and all other trademarks that appear, are
displayed, or are used on the Website or as part of the Service are
registered or common law trademarks or service marks of UpCounsel
LLC. These trademarks may not be copied, downloaded, reproduced,
used, modified, or distributed in any way without prior written
permission from UpCounsel, except as an integral part of any
authorized copy of the Content.
Email
Communications. We use email and electronic means to stay in touch
with our users.
Electronic
Communications Required. For contractual purposes, you (i) consent
to receive communications from UpCounsel in an electronic form via
the email address you have submitted or via the Service; and (ii)
agree that all Terms of Use, agreements, notices, disclosures, and
other communications that UpCounsel provides to you electronically
satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would
satisfy if it were in writing. This section does not affect your
non-waivable rights.
Legal
Notice To UpCounsel Must Be In Writing. Communications made through
email or the Service’s
private messaging system will not constitute legal notice to
UpCounsel or any of our officers, employees, agents or
representatives in any situation where notice to UpCounsel is
required by contract or any law or regulation.
Termination.
As further defined herein and subject to the Addendum, you may
cancel this Agreement and close your account at any time. The
foregoing termination for convenience does not apply to Consultant
User’s
Membership Subscription per the terms of the Addendum.
Termination
of the UpCounsel Service does not terminate attorney-client
relationships or obligations.
You
May Terminate This Agreement. If you wish to terminate this
Agreement or your account with the Service, you may simply
discontinue using UpCounsel. If you wish to delete your User
account data, please contact UpCounsel at info@upcounsel.com. We
will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your
full profile within 30 days.
UpCounsel
May Terminate This Agreement. UpCounsel may terminate your access
to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without
cause, with or without notice, effective immediately.
Relationships
Between Attorney And Client Survive Termination. Termination of
your relationship with UpCounsel does not affect your relationship
with any consultant or client you have retained through the
UpCounsel Service. All legal, contractual, and ethical duties,
obligations and responsibilities survive termination of the
UpCounsel relationship.
Some
Provisions Survive Termination. All provisions of this Agreement
which by their nature should survive termination will survive
termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions,
warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Payment
and Transactions.
Payment
Process. As further defined herein and in the Addendum, payment
will be processed as specified in the proposal and/or invoice and
agreed upon by the Legal Client and the Consultant User. When a Job
(or a segment thereof as pre-agreed in writing by the Legal Client
and the Consultant User) is marked as completed by the Consultant
User, UpCounsel will inform the Legal Client that the Job (or a
segment thereof as pre-agreed in writing by the Legal Client and
the Consultant User) is complete. The Legal Client must then pay
the agreed-upon amount or request changes. If the Legal Client has
taken no action after 24 hours, UpCounsel will have the right to
charge the Legal Client's credit card, bank account, or PayPal
account for the full amount of the agreed-upon fee or undisputed
invoice, including applicable service or processing fees. The Legal
Client may submit disputes over payment to info@upcounsel.com
provided that he or she adheres to the other conditions set forth
in Section 14 (Legal Client-Consultant User Dispute Resolution
Procedures).
Responsibility
for Payment. You are responsible for all fees, including taxes,
service, and processing fees, associated with your use of the
Service. By using the Service, you agree to pay the Consultant User
through UpCounsel the amount agreed on in the Bid or undisputed
invoice, and the associated service and processing fees, unless you
dispute the invoice by sending an email to info@upcounsel.com and
adhere to the other conditions set forth in Section 15 (Legal
Client-Consultant User Dispute Resolution Procedures). You are
responsible for providing us with a valid means of payment.
UpCounsel’s
Responsibility. UpCounsel agrees to present you with a full invoice
of each charge in advance of charging your credit card or PayPal
account. UpCounsel agrees to pay the applicable Consultant User the
amount received, less service or processing fees, if any.
Payment
Authorization. By agreeing to these terms and those contained in
the Addendum, you are giving UpCounsel permission to charge your
on-file credit card, PayPal account, or other approved methods of
payment for fees that you authorize UpCounsel to bill, as well as
any payments owed for Consultant User’s
Membership Subscription. Depending on the Services or Consultant
User’s
Membership Subscription, UpCounsel may charge you on a one-time or
recurring basis. You authorize UpCounsel to charge you the full
amount owed to any Consultant User via the Service, as well as any
applicable service and processing fees. For the avoidance of doubt,
in the event that in a particular instance a Consultant User only
uses the Services to invoice you for legal services other than
those which are the subject of a Bid, by placing your credit card
or PayPal account on file with UpCounsel or our third party payment
processor, you acknowledge and agree that the payment terms set
forth in this Section 12 shall apply.
Legal
Client-Verified Consultant User Dispute Resolution Procedures.
In
the event that a Legal Client has a good faith belief that the
nature or quality of the legal services rendered by a Verified
Consultant User in connection with the relevant Job are not
consistent with industry standards or the provisions of the related
Bid or these Terms and Conditions, or the amounts invoiced for the
legal services provided by such Consultant User are not consistent
with such Bid (such matter, a “Services-Related
Disputed Matter”),
he or she shall be permitted to withhold payment of any disputed
amounts which are the subject of such matter (the “Withheld
Payment Amounts”),
subject to the following terms and conditions (the “Withheld
Payment Amount Conditions”):
Within
24 hours of the date of the related invoice (such period, the
“Legal
Client Dispute Notice Period”),
the Legal Client shall provide written notice to UpCounsel setting
forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances which are
the basis of the Services-Related Disputed Matter (each, a
“Services-Related
Dispute Notice”).
The Legal Client’s
failure to submit a Services-Related Dispute Notice within the
Legal Client Dispute Notice Period shall constitute such Legal
Client’s
permanent waiver of his or her right to dispute the Withheld
Payment Amounts, which amounts will be charged to the Legal
Client’s
on-file credit card, PayPal account, or other approved methods of
payment in accordance with Section 13.d. of these Terms of Use.
In
the event that the Legal Client does submit a Services-Related
Dispute Notice within the Legal Client Dispute Notice Period, and
such request contains the information set forth in clause 15.a.
above, UpCounsel will attempt in good faith to work with the Legal
Client and Verified Consultant User for a period of up to fifteen
(15) calendar days from the date of the Services-Related Dispute
Notice (such period, the “Services-Related
Disputed Matter Mediation Period”)
to resolve the Services-Related Disputed Matter.
In the event that
the Services-Related Disputed Matter is successfully resolved
within the Services-Related Disputed Matter Mediation Period, each
of the Legal Client, Verified Consultant User and, if relevant,
UpCounsel will take the agreed upon steps to execute the
agreed-upon resolution.
In
the event that the Services-Related Disputed Matter remains
unresolved at the conclusion of the Services-Related Disputed
Matter Mediation Period, by no later than the fourteenth (14th)
calendar day after the end of the Services-Related Disputed Matter
Mediation Period, UpCounsel shall make a determination in its sole
and absolute discretion (the “UpCounsel
Services-Related Disputed Matter Decision”),
and based upon the information theretofore provided by the Legal
Client and Verified Consultant User, as to whether the nature and
quality of the legal services rendered in connection with the Job
which is the subject of the Services-Related Disputed Matter were
consistent with industry standards, the provisions of the related
Bid and these Terms and Conditions. Should UpCounsel decide the
Services-Related Disputed Matter in favor of the Verified
Consultant User, the Legal Client shall be obligated to make
payment of the Withheld Payment Amounts to such Consultant User
within the seven (7) calendar day period after the date on which
such Legal Client is notified in writing of the UpCounsel
Services-Related Disputed Matter Decision (the “UpCounsel
Services-Related Disputed Matter Decision Notice”).
In the event that the Legal Client fails to make timely payment,
UpCounsel will remit the Withheld Payment Amounts to the Verified
Consultant User who will assign his or her rights to reimbursement
for such amounts to UpCounsel which may, in its sole discretion,
process payment pursuant to Section 13.d and/or elect to pursue its
rights and remedies against the Legal Client.
Should
UpCounsel decide the Services-Related Disputed Matter in favor of
the Legal Client, the Legal Client shall no longer be obligated to
make payment of the Withheld Payment Amounts to the Verified
Consultant User and shall be deemed to have assigned all of his or
her rights with respect to the Services-Related Disputed Matter to
UpCounsel. In such event, the Verified Consultant User shall (i) be
deemed to have waived his or her rights to seek such amounts from
the Legal Client, and (ii) have the right to initiate binding
arbitration proceedings with respect to the Withheld Payment
Amounts against UpCounsel which are equivalent to those proceedings
set forth in Section 21.d. hereof (Arbitration) by providing
UpCounsel with written notice of his or her exercise of such right
within ten (10) calendar days after the date of the
Services-Related Disputed Matter Decision Notice (such period, the
“Services-Related
Arbitration Election Time Period”).
In the event that the Verified Consultant User does not exercise
his or her right to initiate arbitration proceedings during the
Services-Related Arbitration Election Time Period, he or she shall
be deemed to have permanently waived his or her right to payment of
the Withheld Payment Amounts.
In
the event that the Verified Consultant User and Legal Client have
both timely availed themselves of the rights set forth in Section
14 and Section 15, the procedures set forth in Section 15 shall
take precedent over the proceedings set forth in Section 14 and the
Verified User Consultant agrees to permanently waive his or her
right to pursue his or her rights set forth in Section 13 with
respect to the facts and circumstances underlying the
Payment-Related Disputed Matter.
The procedures set forth in this
Section 15 shall be referred to herein as the “Alternative
Dispute Resolution Procedures”.
Disclaimer
of Warranties. We provide our service as is, and we make no promises
or guarantees about this service. Please read this section
carefully; you should understand what to expect.
UpCounsel
provides the Website and the Service “as
is,”
without
warranty of any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, UpCounsel
expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied or
statutory, regarding the Website and the Service including, without
limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, title, security, accuracy and non-infringement.
Specifically,
UpCounsel makes no representation or warranty that the information
we provide or that is provided through the Service is accurate,
reliable or correct; that the Service will meet your requirements;
that the Service will be available at any particular time or
location, that the Service will function in an uninterrupted manner
or be secure; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that
the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. You
assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your use
of information, content or other material obtained from the
Service. Some jurisdictions limit or do not permit disclaimers of
warranty, so this provision may not apply to you.
Limitation
of Liability. We will not be liable for damages or losses arising
from your use of the service or arising under this Agreement. Please
read this section carefully; it limits our obligations to you.
To
the extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will UpCounsel
be liable to you for any loss of profits, use, or data, or for any
incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages,
however arising, that result from (i) the use, disclosure, or
display of your User-Generated Content; (ii) your use or inability
to use the Service; (iii) the Service generally or the software or
systems that make the Service available; or (iv) any other
interactions with UpCounsel or any other User of the Service,
whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or
any other legal theory, and whether or not UpCounsel has been
informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy
set forth in this Agreement is found to have failed of its
essential purpose. UpCounsel will have no liability for any failure
or delay due to matters beyond our reasonable control. Some
jurisdictions limit or do not permit disclaimers of liability, so
this provision may not apply to you.
Third
Party Beneficiaries. Consultant Users are intended third-party
beneficiaries of this section of the Terms of Use. Any legal
information provided on the Service is for informational purposes
only. UpCounsel and any creator of User-Generated Content containing
legal information disclaim all warranties, either express or
implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the
implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third
parties' rights, and fitness for particular purpose, to the fullest
extent permitted by law. In no event will UpCounsel or a Consultant
User be liable for any damages (including, without limitation,
incidental and consequential damages, personal injury / wrongful
death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business
interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the
Service or the User-Generated Content, whether based on warranty,
contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not
UpCounsel or contributors of User-Generated Content are advised of
the possibility of such damages. Neither UpCounsel nor contributors
of User-Generated Content are liable for any personal injury,
including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Service or
User-Generated Content.
Release
and Indemnification.
You
agree to indemnify and hold harmless UpCounsel from and against any
and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’
fees,
arising out of your use of the Website and the Service, including
but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
If
you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release UpCounsel
from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of
every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any
way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident,
you waive California Civil Code §1542,
which says: “A
general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does
not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing
the release, which if known by him must have materially affected
his settlement with the debtor.”
Modification
of Terms of Use.
UpCounsel may amend this Agreement from time to
time, and in UpCounsel’s
sole discretion. We will provide notification to Users of material
changes to this Agreement (i) by sending a notice to the primary
email address specified in your account, which will take effect
immediately upon our sending of this email, and/or (ii) through our
Website at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect by
posting a notice on our home page.
Non-material changes to this
Agreement will take effect immediately. We encourage visitors to
frequently check this page for any changes to this Agreement.
Your
continued use of the Service after the effective date of a revised
version of this Agreement constitutes your acceptance of its terms.
Dispute
Resolution and Arbitration Agreement
UpCounsel
is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute
resolution process. This Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
Agreement shall apply if your (i) Country of Residence is in the
United States; or (ii) your Country of Residence is not in the
United States, but bring any claim against UpCounsel in the United
States (to the extent not in conflict with Section 21).
Pre-Arbitration
Dispute Resolution and Notification. Prior to initiating an
arbitration, you and UpCounsel each agree to notify the other party
of the dispute and attempt to negotiate an informal resolution to
it first. We will contact you at the email address you have
provided to us; you can contact UpCounsel’s
customer service team by emailing us. If after a good faith effort
to negotiate one of us feels the dispute has not and cannot be
resolved informally, the party intending to pursue arbitration
agrees to notify the other party via email prior to initiating the
arbitration. In order to initiate arbitration, a claim must be
filed with the AAA and the written Demand for Arbitration
(available at www.adr.org)
provided to the other party, as specified in the AAA Rules.
Agreement
to Arbitrate. You and UpCounsel mutually agree that any dispute,
claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or
the breach, termination, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or
to the use of the UpCounsel Service (collectively, “Disputes”)
will be settled by binding arbitration (the “Arbitration
Agreement”).
If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can
be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and UpCounsel agree that
the arbitrator will decide that issue.
Exceptions
to Arbitration Agreement. You and UpCounsel each agree that the
following claims are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and
will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent
jurisdiction: (i) Any claim related to actual or threatened
infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other
intellectual property rights; (ii) Any claim seeking emergency
injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent
danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack).
Modification
to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location. In order to make the
arbitration most convenient to you, UpCounsel agrees that any
required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option, by
telephone, online, or based solely on written submissions; (b) the
arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties
or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties.
Modification
of AAA Rules - Attorney’s
Fees and Costs. You and UpCounsel each agree that either party may
be entitled to seek an award of attorney fees and expenses if they
prevail in arbitration, to the extent provided under applicable law
and the AAA rules.
Arbitrator’s
Decision. The arbitrator’s
decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon
which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration
award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction. The
arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only on an
individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief
warranted by the claimant’s
individual claim.
Jury
Trial Waiver. You and UpCounsel acknowledge and agree that we are
each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable
Disputes.
No
Class Actions or Representative Proceedings. You and UpCounsel
acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to
participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class
action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney-general
action, or any other representative proceeding as to all Disputes.
Further, unless you and UpCounsel both otherwise agree in writing,
the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s
claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or
representative proceeding. If this paragraph is held unenforceable
with respect to any Dispute, then the entirety of the Arbitration
Agreement will be deemed void with respect to such Dispute.
Severability.
In the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is
deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed
and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full
force and effect.
Changes.
Notwithstanding the provisions (“Modification
of these Terms”),
if UpCounsel changes this Section (“Dispute
Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”)
after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any
subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change
by sending us written notice (including by email) within three (3)
days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the
“Last
Updated”
date
above or in the date of UpCounsel’s
notice to you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are
agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and
UpCounsel in accordance with the provisions of the “Dispute
Resolution and Arbitration Agreement”
section
as of the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any
subsequent changes to these Terms).
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement is controlled by California law. You, and you alone,
are responsible
for any obligations you agree to under this contract. If we are
involved in a merger or we are bought, we may transfer this
Agreement, as long as your rights are protected. You may only agree
to these terms if you are able to form a binding contract in your
state.
These terms, including our Privacy Policy, are the complete
agreement between us, and no other terms apply.
Governing
Law. Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, this
Agreement between you and UpCounsel and any access to or use of the
Website or the Service are governed by the federal laws of the
United States of America and the laws of the State of California,
without regard to conflict of law provisions. You and UpCounsel
agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the
courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California,
except as provided below in this Agreement.
Severability.
If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable,
that portion of the Agreement will be construed to reflect the
parties’
original
intent. The remaining portions will remain in full force and
effect. Any failure on the part of UpCounsel to enforce any
provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of our
right to enforce such provision. Our rights under this Agreement
will survive any termination of this Agreement.
Limitation
of Term of Action. You agree that any cause of action related to or
arising out of your relationship with UpCounsel must commence
within ONE year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such
cause of action is permanently barred.
Non-Assignability.
UpCounsel may assign or delegate these Terms of Use and/or the
UpCounsel Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any person or
entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign
or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms of Use or
Privacy Policy without UpCounsel’s
prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and
delegation by you is void.
Section
Headings and Summaries Non-Binding. Throughout this Agreement, each
section includes titles and brief summaries of the following terms
and conditions. These section titles and brief summaries are not
legally binding.
Complete
Agreement. These Terms of Use and the Addendum, together with the
Privacy Policy at https://www.upcounsel.com/privacypolicy,
represent the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement
between you and UpCounsel. This Agreement supersedes any proposal
or prior agreement oral or written, and any other communications
between you and UpCounsel relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. This Agreement may only be modified by a written
amendment signed by an authorized UpCounsel executive, or by the
posting by UpCounsel of a revised version.
Authorization
to Contract. You represent and warrant that if you are an
individual, you are of legal age to form a binding contract; or
that if you are registering on behalf of an entity, that you are
authorized to enter into, and bind the entity to, these Terms of
Use and register for the Service.
You
acknowledge that you have read these Terms of Use and the Addendum
(Addendum for subscribed Consultant Users only), understand the Terms
of Use and Addendum, and will be bound by these terms and conditions.
Share this document
Download for free
Want High Quality, Transparent, and Affordable Legal Services?
Get Free Proposals
Request Free Proposals
Download Document
x
Register with Google
Welcome
First Name
Last Name
City
Located in the U.S.?
Select Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Holy See (Vatican City)
Honduras
Hong Kong (SAR)
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, North
Korea, South
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Bahamas
The Gambia
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Zip Code
Not located in the U.S.?
Work Email
Phone Number
Optional, will help us get you started faster
Are you a lawyer?
Yes, In-House Counsel
Yes, Sole Practitioner / Law Firm
No, I'm not a lawyer
Next
Are you interested in sourcing clients on UpCounsel?
Yes
No
Select Your Main Practice Areas
Business Formation & Structure
Commercial Contracts
Debt & Bankruptcy
Immigration
Labor & Employment
Lawsuits & Disputes
Legal Research & Writing
Mergers & Acquisitions
Non-Profit
Other Legal Services
Outside General Counsel
Patents
Real Estate
Securities & Finance
Tax
Trademarks & Copyrights
Select States Licensed In
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Email Me this Free Document Now
By registering to download this document, you agree to our
Terms of Use
< Back
Company Name
Company Size
I am an individual
1 - 10
11 - 50
51 - 200
201 - 500
501 - 1000
1000+
Company Industry
Agriculture
Construction
Consumer Products & Goods
E-Commerce
Education
Financial Services & Insurance
Food & Beverage
Government
Health, Wellness & Fitness
Healthcare
Hospitality
Life Sciences
Marketing & Advertising
Materials & Manufacturing
Media & Entertainment
Non-Profit
None / NA
Other
Professional Services
Real Estate
Retail
Staffing & Recruiting
Technology
Telecommunications
Transportation & Logistics
Email Me this Free Document Now
By registering to download this document, you agree to our
Terms of Use
< Back
Customize This Document to Better Protect You
LEGAL NOTICE: We strongly suggest you have this document customized to your unique situation, because you might require additional clause(s) to better protect your business from potential legal issues.
Ensure You Are Protected. Get Legal Peace of Mind.
Get Free Attorney Quotes Today
SATISFACTION GUARANTEEDOn All jobs booked with a verified attorney and paid for over UpCounsel.
Customize This Document to Better Protect You
LEGAL NOTICE: We strongly suggest you customize this document to suit you or your client's unique situation. You may require additional clause(s) to better protect you or your client’s business from potential legal issues.
Want to grow your practice?
Learn More
Create your profile today and gain access to free marketing and practice management tools. Once your profile is complete, you will be reviewed for the UpCounsel Marketplace where approved attorneys can find and manage new or existing clients, backed by the UpCounsel guarantee.
We Are Sending You This Document Now
LEGAL NOTICE: We strongly suggest you have this document customized to your unique situation, because you might require additional clause(s) to better protect your business from potential legal issues.
Ensure You Are Protected. Get Legal Peace of Mind.
Get Free Attorney Quotes Today
SATISFACTION GUARANTEEDOn All jobs booked with a verified attorney and paid for over UpCounsel.
If you do not see an email from UpCounsel in the next few minutes, please check your spam box. Add: noreply@upcounsel.com to your email address book. This will help ensure future email delivery.
We Are Sending You This Document Now
LEGAL NOTICE: We strongly suggest you customize this document to suit you or your client's unique situation. You may require additional clause(s) to better protect you or your client’s business from potential legal issues.
Want to grow your practice?
Learn More
Create your profile today and gain access to free marketing and practice management tools. Once your profile is complete, you will be reviewed for the UpCounsel Marketplace where approved attorneys can find and manage new or existing clients, backed by the UpCounsel guarantee.
If you do not see an email from UpCounsel in the next few minutes, please check your spam box. Add: noreply@upcounsel.com to your email address book. This will help ensure future email delivery.
Share this document
Send to your friends, partners or attorney.
Your Name:
Your Email:
Email Addresses:
(separated by a comma, 10 max)
Message Body:
Send a copy to myself
Cancel
Send