http://www.xmarksthespot.co.uk/legal/privacy.htm
Treasure Hunts for Corporate events
Private parties & Fun days out
Solve. Find. Enjoy. Together.
item(s) : Go to Checkout
07801 693001 (UK)
Home
Treasure Hunt Range
Some Recent Hunts
Testimonials
About X Marks The Spot
Contact Us
SHOP ONLINE
Find a Treasure Hunt:
Company Policy, Terms & Conditions
X Marks The SpotPrivacy Policy
Website Terms & Conditions
Website Accessibility
Online Store:The small print
Online Store:Placing an Order
Online Store:How to Pay
Find a Treasure Hunt in the UK
1    London
2    Oxford
3    Edinburgh
4    Bath
5    Belfast
More UK hunts...
Aberdeen
Armagh
Bath
Belfast
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Cambridge
Canterbury
Cardiff
Cheltenham
Chester
Derry
Dundee
Edinburgh
Glasgow
High Wycombe
Inverness
Leeds
Liverpool
LondonLondon (City of)
London (Greenwich)
London (Kensington)
London (Richmond)
London (South Bank)
London (West End)
Manchester
Newcastle
Newry
Norwich
Nottingham
Oxford
Perth
Plymouth
Portsmouth
Reading
Sheffield
Southampton
StirlingStratford-upon-Avon
Swansea
Windsor
York
* Somewhere Else? *
Find a Treasure Hunt in
Europe
1    Paris
2    Lisbon
3    Rome
4    Berlin
5    Budapest
More in Europe...
Amsterdam
Athens
Barcelona
Berlin
Bruges
Brussels
Budapest
Cologne
Copenhagen
Cork
Dublin
Florence
Guernsey
Jersey
Lisbon
Madrid
Munich
Paris
Prague
Rome
Venice
Vienna
Zurich
* Somewhere Else? *
Find a Treasure Hunt for any occasion
Anniversary
Birthday
Charity or Fundraising
Christmas
Corporate & Team Building
Couples
Family Day Out
Group or Club Outing
Hen Party or Hen Weekend
Reunion
School, College & University
Social Events
Special Celebration or Party
Stag Party or Stag Weekend
Visitor, Tourist & Tour Group
Wedding
Planning a function at a
hotel or other specific venue?
Check out our indoor and venue-based treasure hunts
Testimonials
“Excellent! The Vienna treasure hunt was the perfect solution to our team building requirements. We had clear goals and X Marks The Spot consulted us on every detail from the concept through to all the arrangements on the day”More Testimonials
X Marks The Spot Limited: Privacy Policy
X Marks The Spot is committed to protecting your privacy.
We collect personal information
from you when you sign up for newsletters, competitions or promotions,
request quotations, register on our website, contact us or buy our goods and
services.
This personal
information may include your name, email address, mailing address, phone number,
date of birth, job,
personal interests, credit card information, special needs, shopping preferences
and shopping selections.
We also collect information
automatically about visits to our website. The information obtained in this
way,
which includes demographic data and browsing patterns, is only used in aggregate
form.
Any personal information
you provide while visiting this site is confidential. Your personal information
may be used by us to process your online purchases, to inform you about other
products and services, to improve the products and services we offer or for
other marketing or statistical
purposes and otherwise to better meet the needs and preferences of our customers.
If you would rather not receive any further information on other products and
services, please send an e-mail
to webmaster@xmarksthespot.co.uk.
We guarantee never to sell
personal information or share that information with third parties unrelated
to
X Marks The Spot Limited or any associated companies which may be located outside
the European Union
without your express permission, except any third party suppliers we engage
to develop or host the site or
pursuant to any properly executed court order from a competent jurisdiction.
Users should be reminded
that any personal information that is voluntarily posted by a user to a public area
of the site, such as a bulletin board, may be collected and used by others.
We cannot prevent such uses.
When you place orders
through this site or access your account information, we automatically send
you to
a secure server, provided your browser accepts Secure Sockets Layer encryption.
In addition, as required
by the Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we endeavour to prevent unauthorised
access to the
information through strict security procedures regarding its storage and disclosure.
Cookies
Many
websites use "cookies"
to improve your user experience when you visit their website.
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Each cookie is unique to your web browser, allowing a website to remember things like who you are, your preferences or what’s in your shopping basket.
Some websites will also use cookies to enable them to target their advertising or marketing messages based on your location and/or browsing habits for example. Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (‘first party cookies’) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (‘third party cookies’).
First Party Cookies
X Marks The Spot
may set first party cookies:
1. When strictly necessary - e.g. to
provide certain basic features and navigation.
2. To provide or enhance functionality - e.g. by storing your preferences.
3. To
improve website usability and performance
- e.g. by tracking website usage.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your web browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings -
the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on
a
variety of
browsers.
Third Party Cookies
We sometimes embed photos and video content from websites such as YouTube and Flickr. As a result, when you visit a page of ours
containing such content, you may be presented with cookies from these websites.
We
do
not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party's website for more information.
You may also see embedded ‘share’ buttons on our
web pages -
enabling users to easily share content with others
through
social networks such as Faecbook and Twitter. When you click on one of these buttons, a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. Again, we
do not control the dissemination of these cookies.
Application of this Policy
Given that the Internet
is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal
data
necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore,
by browsing the X Marks The Spot Limited Website and communicating electronically with us you
acknowledge and agree
to our processing of personal data in this way. Through your use of this
site, you consent to the above policy regarding use and collection of your personal information by X Marks The Spot Limited.
Any changes to the policy will be posted
on this page.
CityExplorer®Mystery Tour
Off-the-shelf, self-guided city sightseeing with a twist for up to 5 people to enjoy together
Find out more
ReadyCityGo® Challenge
Off-the-shelf, self-run
treasure hunt challenge for 2 or more teams in 40 UK & European cities
Find out more
OutSmart®
Interactive Hunt
Unique high-tech treasure hunt packages for corporate team building and fun outside work. Exclusive to X Marks The Spot.
Find out more
MadeToMeasure® Treasure Hunts
Customised, self-run or fully-managed treasure hunts. Designed for any occasion, any number of people in any location. On paper, on smartphone, on tablet and online.
Find out more
Get exclusive access to photos from previous treasure hunts, share our pages with your friends and follow X Marks The Spot on facebook
Copyright ©2020 X Marks The Spot Limited
|  Privacy  |  Website Terms & Conditions  |  Accessibility  |  Sitemap
X Marks The Spot™ is a registered trademark of X Marks The Spot Limited: Company reg: 3635094
VAT reg: GB 835 8732 95