http://www.iwclubofamerica.org/privacy
Website Privacy Statement
I. Scope of this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes the types of personal information Irish Wolfhound Club of America, Inc. ("IWCA," "us," "we" or "our") collects through our web sites that link to this Privacy Statement, including without limitation www.iwclubofamerica.org and any related sub domain names (the "Site"). This Privacy Statement does not govern our collection of personal information through any website or other means, other than through the Site.
By using the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, our practices in the collection, use, and sharing of personal information provided by you in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not access or use the Site.
II. Personal Information We Collect
A. Actively Collected Information
Personal information includes information that identifies you, directly or indirectly. IWCA requests and collects personal information from users in various ways, including, but not limited to, when you apply to be come an IWCA member, submit information or request information from us, update information or renew your membership, or use the services offered through the Site, such as making purchases from or donations to the IWCA. We may collect data through other methods in the future. The types of personal information we may actively collect may vary according to the method through which it was attained. It may include, but is not limited to, the following:
Full name
Postal address
Email address
Telephone number
Billing and purchase information (such as billing address and order information, specifically for the purpose of completing your transaction)
Username and password for your IWCA Site membership
A record of your IWCA Site orders, purchase history, and shopping behavior and preferences
Location information that may be collected if you use our site from a mobile device
Other details that you submit to us or that are included in the information provided to us by third parties
If you opt not to provide us with personal information you can still access the Site, however you may be unable to receive certain services, participate in certain activities, such as online voting, or create login credentials in order to use certain functions on the Site.
B. Passively Collected Information
We may collect certain information about your use of the Site through the use of tracking technology or by other passive means. We may use analytic applications such as Google Analytics to help us collect and analyze this information. This "passively collected" information includes, but is not limited to, the domain name of the website that allowed you to navigate to the Site, search engines used, the internet protocol ("IP") address used, the length of time spent on the Site, the pages looked at on the Site, other websites visited before and after visiting the Site, browser type, the frequency of visits to the Site, and other relevant statistics, including the following:
Log Information. When accessing the Site, our servers automatically record information your browser sends when you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as web request, IP address (or the proxy server used to access the internet), location data, browser type, browser language, computer operating system, mobile device and mobile operating system, the name of the internet service provider or the mobile carrier, the date and time of the request, and one or more cookies (small text files containing a string of characters) that may uniquely identify your browser.
Navigation Information. When you visit or access the Site we automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came (known as a "referring URL") and the site to which you are going when you leave the Site. The Site may include links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether you have clicked on a link or opened an email from us. We use this information to improve the quality of our products and design.
Location Data. We may also receive location data passed to us from location-enabled devices or from third-party services. You may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. Even after you opt out, service providers may collect device-specific information (such as a unique device identifier) when you use our Site.
Cookies. When you visit or access the Site, we send one or more cookies (small text files containing a string of characters) to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of the Site by storing user preferences and tracking user trends. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to notify the user when a cookie is being sent. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to log in to your account and you will not be able to use certain features available through the Site.
Web Beacons. Web beacons (also known as "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs") are 1×1 single-pixel graphics that allow us to count the number of users who have visited the Site and to recognize users by accessing our cookies. We may employ web beacons to facilitate Site administration and navigation, to track the actions of users of the Site, to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates, and to provide an enhanced online experience for visitors to the Site. We may also include web beacons in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that we send to determine which e-mail messages were opened.
III. How We Use Personal Information
Personal information collected through the Site may be used by IWCA for purposes of:
Administering and processing your membership application and account;
Responding to your inquiries
Providing the products and services you select;
Contacting you, whether by email or postal mail, with information about the Site;
Contacting you about our products, services, and and activities or those of third parties
Sending communications and publications from the IWCA, including, but not limited to Harp & Hound, ballot information, and renewal notices;
Auditing and analysing to maintain, protect, and improve our product, service and activity offerings;
Creating a profile based on the information you have provided;
Ensuring the technical functions of our network;
Developing new products, services and activities;
Processing your orders, donations and inquiries;
Improving the Site;
Compiling information collected through the Site on an aggregate basis;
Administering contests;
Fulfilling any other purpose for which you provide the information; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
IV. Personal Information We Share
We do not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share personal information collected through the Site, except as described below:
Service Providers. We work with third parties that provide services on our behalf. For example, if you make purchases through the Site, we may share personal information with third parties that process payments on our behalf. We may also use third parties for services that include, but are not limited to, product fulfillment, log-in registration, website and email hosting, marketing, website analytics and advertising. We may share personal information and non-personal information collected through the Site with third parties so that they may provide services on our behalf. IWCA is not responsible for the conduct of any third parties who provide services on our behalf, and we expressly disclaim all liability for damages of any kind arising out of the action or inaction of such third parties.
Non-Private or Non-Personal Information. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of people who visited or accessed the Site or the number of profiles created by users of the Site.
Do Not Track. Our Site does not currently recognize "Do Not Track" browser signals or mechanisms. However, as described in Section II.B of this Privacy Statement, you may set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Consent. We may share personal information in accordance with any consent you provide.
Legal. We may disclose personal information or any information collected through the Site if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in response to a request from government officials or law enforcement authorities, or as necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity.
Certain Transactions. We may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through the Site to third parties who acquire all or a portion of the,corporation by merger or consolidation, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Public Information. Note that any information which you upload, post, e-mail, submit or otherwise transmit to, through, or in connection with the Site to a public area of the Site becomes public information. These include, but are not limited to Breeder Referrals, Information Contacts, litter announcements, etc. You are solely responsible for the information you post on or through the Site, and you may always choose not to divulge any personal information to the public when posting to a public area of the Site. All information that is posted to a public area of the Site may be shared by us with others.
V. Aggregate Information
We may compile personal information and other information collected through the Site on an aggregate basis. This information may include, without limitation, the number of users who have registered for the Site and demographic information about users of the Site. Such aggregate information does not identify you individually. We may use aggregate information and share aggregate information with third parties for any of the purposes specified in this Privacy Statement, or for any other lawful purpose.
VI. Opt Out
To the extent that you are receiving communications from the Site you have the option to unsubscribe or opt-out of future communications. You may unsubscribe or opt-out of future messages as follows:
If you no longer wish to receive emails you may click on the hyperlink titled "Unsubscribe" at the bottom of any email sent to you by IWCA, and then follow the directions to unsubscribe from email.
You may edit your privacy settings on the website profile.
You may indicate your preference that IWCA not release to third parties personal information collected when you join the club or renew your membership by checking the appropriate box on the invoice form or renewal form.
Additionally, you may request to opt out of receiving electronic communications by contacting the IWCA Secretary or Membership Chair.
VII. Updating Information
We encourage registered users of the Site to keep their personal information current. You may access, edit or delete certain personal information you have provided about you by updating your IWCA account or by contacting the IWCA Membership Chair.
VIII. Information Storage and Security
We employ reasonable security precautions to protect personal information about you. We use secure socket layer (SSL) software to encrypt certain types of information, such as passwords or payment card information, when transmitting information between your browser and the Site. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure. As a result, although we strive to protect personal information about you, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with the Site. If you have reason to believe that personal information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately by contacting us in accordance with the last section below.
IX. A Special Note about Minors
Minors (those under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Site. If you are a minor, you may use the Site only in conjunction with your parent or guardian.
X. External Links
The Site contains links to various websites that IWCA does not control. When you click on one of these links, you will no longer be transacting business through the Site. Third party websites maintain their own privacy policies, and we do not exercise control over the third party websites that may be linked to the Site. If you visit a website that is linked to the Site, you should consult that website's privacy policy before providing any personal information. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of personal information about you.
XI. Special Admonitions for International Use
The Site is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to the Site are governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Illinois in the United States of America and not the jurisdiction in which you are located. If you are located outside of the United States of America and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize such transfer.
XII. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update the Site or any of our policies and procedures without prior notice. We will post a notice on this Site to advise you of any significant changes to this Privacy Statement and indicate at the bottom of this Privacy Statement when it was most recently updated. Your continued use of the Site signifies your agreement to the current terms of this Privacy Statement.
XIII. Questions Regarding this Privacy Policy
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email to secretary@iwclubofamerica.org.
This page was last updated 07/23/2020.
Spay/Neuter Age
Contacts and Breeders Directory
IWCA 2021National Specialty