http://www.redbankwines.com/pages/terms-conditions
"Close Cart"
Shopping Cart
Quick view
Login
Search for products on our site
Search
See more
View our King Valley Collection Promo here! FREE Shipping over $120 - Excludes WA & NT.
Search
Home
Wine Collection
See more
"Close Cart"
King Valley
Victorian
Sparkling
Cellar Door
Promotions
About
See more
"Close Cart"
Our Team
Our Wines
FAQs
Contact Us
Currency
See more
Currency
"Close Cart"
AUD
Menu
0
Cart
Home
›
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
Victorian Liquor License 67400A01
WARNING
Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998 it is an offence
To supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $17,000) For a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor. (Penalty exceeds $700)"
Redbank Long Paddock Pty Ltd- ACN 059 379 476 is committed to protecting any personal information we collect.  We will always comply fully with the National Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (the Act), as they apply to us. We will only collect, use or disclose personal information in accordance with the Act and this privacy policy.
This privacy policy covers all “personal information” we hold – that is, information about an individual, whose identity is apparent, or can be reasonably ascertained, from that information or opinion.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the content or practices of our website, you can contact us on:
Phone 0419 251 108 Or email: michael.murtagh@redbankwines.com.au Or write to: Michael Murtagh, 1731 Chiltern Howlong Road, Browns Plains, VIC 3685
COLLECTION
We will only collect information that is necessary for one or more of our functions or activities. When you place an order with us, we will ask you for the following personal information:
your name, email, mailing address, delivery address and any special delivery instructions, phone number.
This information is provided to our delivery agents so we can send to you your order.  We collect date of birth details to verify that you are over 18 years. We may also need to provide your details to data maintenance providers and call centres.
USE
From time to time, we advise all or some of our customers of forthcoming offers and special events and promotions. If you do not wish to receive these offers:
click the unsubscribe link in your next email or call us on Phone 0419 251 108
If we send offers by mail, we may provide your name and postal details to a mailing house.  No other information is passed on. The parties using these details are obliged to delete all records immediately after use.
We may employ researchers or consultants to study various aspects of our business. It is possible that our consultants may employ database-profiling tools – again aimed at improving service and offers for your benefit. This data will usually be provided in an aggregated form, and not as individual entries.
When you submit feedback or questions via email, or contact us for information about our website, we will request your name and contact details. We use this information solely to respond to your enquiries.
We do not rent, sell or share any personal information with any third party without your permission, except as set out in these Conditions.
Personal information will be managed confidentially and securely and destroyed appropriately when no longer required.
PROMOTIONS
When we conduct promotions, we will ask for contestants’ name, address, and email details so we can administer the contest and notify winners, and we usually publish winners’ details, and add contestant names to our marketing database.
ACCESS TO RECORDS
You can request not to receive a particular type of communication from us. Please use the contact information above if you wish to do this.
We are also happy to provide you with details of all your personal records at your request.  There are certain exemptions that may apply to the provision of that information. We may charge an administration fee for granting access to information.
To contact us regarding your personal information, please use one of the methods above. We will ask you to confirm your identity before providing your information.
WEBSITE SECURITY
All communications through our website occur in a secure environment using the latest technology, which we aim to keep up to date in order to safeguard your personal information.
We use ‘cookies’ (a small amount of information sent from our server to your computer) to enhance the performance of the website.  These are mostly ‘session-based’, and do not stay on your computer permanently, although they can be used to retrieve certain information you previously provided to us, so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you use our website.
We track our customers movement around the website for our own website research and improvement purposes only. No other personal details are collected from this research. This is not used to create customer profiles.
OTHER WEBSITES
By entering your details to make a purchase, you are offering to make a contract to purchase goods from us (Redbank Long Paddock Pty Ltd- ACN 059 379 476).  If we accept your offer, the goods will be sold on the basis of the terms and conditions set out below.  Please read these terms carefully.
The contract is made at our licensed premises, of 1731 Chiltern Howlong Road, Browns Plains, VIC 3685, from where the goods will be dispatched under our Victorian liquor license no. 67400A01
MINIMUM AGE AND LEGAL CAPACITY
Purchasing products or services on this website is restricted to individuals 18 years of age or older.  Should we suffer any loss or damage as a result of a transaction entered into by a minor, we reserve the right to seek compensation for such losses from the parents or guardians of the minor who caused the order to be placed.
NATURE OF THE CONTRACT
You are able to use the Rebank Wines website (or email, telephone, fax or other method) to place an order for goods.
The contract between you and Redbank Wines for the supply of those goods (“the Contract”) only comes into existence when Redbank Wines accepts your order.  Redbank Wines will notify you of acceptance.  No obligation to sell the goods will arise until such acceptance.  Each order you place will lead to a separate contract.  Orders cannot be cancelled once accepted, unless by arrangement with Redbank Wines.
RISK AND TITLE
Risk and title in the goods passes to you upon delivery of the goods to the nominated delivery address.
PRICE
Redbank Wines’ prices are subject to variation – the price payable for the goods is the price applicable on the date when Redbank Wines confirms your order.  We are not bound to supply at the prices displayed on the website where there are errors or omissions in such pricing.
The quoted price does not include freight or handling fees (if applicable) in respect of each order.  The total amount payable is the price for each of the goods, together with the applicable freight and handling fees, as described on the price list and / or online. Exemptions to freight or handling fees are included in any special offers we may make only.
PAYMENT
You must pay for the goods before we will despatch your order.  You may use your credit card (MasterCard, Visa, American Express, Diners).  Credit card details are passed through the secure payment gateway and processed immediately, and are not retained on file.
CURRENCY
All prices quoted are in Australian Dollars ($ Aus)
TAXATION
All prices quoted include all relevant Australian Taxes including GST.
WEBSITE CONTENT
Copyright in all materials appearing on this website is, except where noted to the contrary, the property of Redbank Wines and must not be reproduced, in whole or in part, except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws or for any purpose expressly permitted by Redbank Wines.
Redbank Wines does not represent that any information (including any file) obtained from or through this website is free from computer viruses or other faults or defects. It is your responsibility to scan any such information for computer viruses. Redbank Wines is not liable to you for any loss or damage in relation to any such virus, fault or defect. You agree that the entire risk arising out of installation, downloading, use or performance of Redbank Wines remains with you.  Redbank Wines is not responsible for the content of any site which links to or from the Redbank Wines website.
You also waive any and all claims that you may have against Redbank Wines otherwise arising out of or in relation to your use of this website.
We endeavor to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data, but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online. By supplying us with information, you accept the inherent security implications of dealing online over the Internet and will agree not to hold Redbank Wines responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default of our duties to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Nothing in this Contract is to be interpreted as having the effect of excluding, restricting or modifying any condition or warranty, or right or liability implied by any applicable legislation into the arrangement between Redbank Wines and you, if such exclusion, restriction or modification would be void or prohibited by the legislation.
To the extent that Redbank Wines breaches any condition or warranty implied into the arrangement between Redbank Wines and you and which cannot be excluded or modified, Redbank Wines’ liability is limited to, at Redbank Wines’ discretion, either: (i)  replacement of the goods or supply of equivalent goods; (ii)  payment of the cost of replacing the goods or acquiring equivalent goods; and in the case of services, to: (i)  supply of the services again; or (ii)  payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
Subject to the foregoing, Redbank Wines is not liable to you (or to any third party claiming through you) for, and you release Redbank Wines from, any loss, liability, damage, expense or cost whatsoever and includes (without limitation) indirect or consequential loss or damage, loss of profits or business opportunity,  and damage to equipment or property (“Loss”) caused by any act or omission of Redbank Wines, its employees or agents, and whether based on negligence or other tort, contract or otherwise.
AMENDMENTS
Redbank Wines may add to, delete, or otherwise change any of the terms of this Contract. Your subsequent use of the Redbank Wines service after such changes have been posted to the website will constitute your deemed acceptance of such changes.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Any use or disclosure of information regarding users of the Redbank Wines website will be strictly in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
NOTICES
Redbank Wines may give notice to you by electronic mail or by regular mail to your address contained in the registration or other information provided by you.
PROMOTIONS & CLEARANCES
All specials, promotions, clearances, offers and discounted items advertised on the Redbank Wines website are available only while stocks last unless otherwise advertised.
TERMINATION
Redbank Wines reserves the right to terminate a Contract at any time by notice to you. Termination is effective on the day notice is received or such later date as specified in the notice.
MISCELLANEOUS
If any provision of these Terms & Conditions is unenforceable or void either in whole or in part for any reason then that provision (or part) is deemed to be deleted without in any way affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this document.
The laws of Victoria govern this Contract.
NOTICE
WARNING Under the Liquor Control Reform Act 1998, it is an offence to supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $6,000), and for a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor (Penalty exceeds $500).
Join our mailing list
For the latest news and offers