https://www.bkks.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to toolbar
About WordPressWordPress.orgDocumentationSupportFeedbackLog inRegisterSearch
The British Koi-Keepers Society > Privacy Policy
British Koi-Keepers Society (BKKS) are committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please contact us if you have any questions or issues regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you. By using our website or our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
Definitions
Data protection principles
Your rights
Data we gather
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your details?
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
Contact information
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age
We/us – British Koi-Keepers Society (BKKS)
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, and transparent. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you with information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is carried out with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Your rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information – you have the right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained, and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – you have the right to access the data collected from or about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – you have the right to request rectification or erasure of any Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – in certain circumstances, you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled, please contact us.
Right for the help of supervisory authority – you have the right to use the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right to withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather
Information you have provided us with
This might be your name, email address, contact number etc – mainly information that is necessary for us to deliver information or accept a subscription from you or to enhance your website experience with us.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information such as your IP address that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your general activities may be logged.
Publicly available information
We do not gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
Provide information to you or to accept subscriptions
Enhance your website experience
Fulfil an obligation under law or contract
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
To identify you
To provide you with our service
To communicate for invoicing
With your consent, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
For any other purposes we have asked your consent for
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfil obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymise Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymised. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered.
To do this, we will ensure that:
The link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing
The further Processing would not harm your interests
There would be appropriate safeguard for Processing
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data?
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers.
We will only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure adequate levels of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How We Secure Your Data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe.  We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). Our systems and website are monitored for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Even though we try our best, we cannot guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities in the case of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Our website uses cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behaviour, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is carried out in order to personalise and enhance your experience with us. A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer that stores information used to help make websites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website. These cookies do not collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalised features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings.
Contact Information
Supervisory Authority
Website: https://ico.org.uk/
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Last updated: 31/05/2018
Next EventsThere are no upcoming events.
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Privacy and Cookie Policy
More information about our Privacy and Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes