http://www.canadacandyconnection.com/privacy/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Privacy
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Pez For Sale Links
Blog
Contact Us
RSS Syndication
Categories
CURRENT PEZ & NEW FOREIGN RELEASES
Canadian HOCKEY Pez
RETIRED PEZ for Sale
BARKY BROWN PEZ
PEZ VARIATIONS & SPECIAL RELEASES
OLDER & VINTAGE PEZ
Pez from Japan
PEZ ACCESSORIES
CLEARANCE Pez
Popular Brands
Pez
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomePrivacy
Privacy
Privacy Canada Candy Connection respects your privacy. We protect your personal information and adhere to all legislative requirements with respect to protecting privacy.We do not rent, sell or trade mailing lists. The information you provide will be used to deliver services and to keep you informed and up to date on the activities of the Canada Candy Connection.If at any time you wish to be removed from any of these lists simply contact us by phone at 587-775-8177 or via e-mail at annjaeger@telus.net and we will gladly accommodate your request.We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used at Canada Candy Connection. We take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. Information CollectionCanada Candy Connection is the sole owner of the information collected from our website. We do not, and will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in our privacy statement below. CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitors hard drive containing information about the visitor. At this time Canada Candy Connection uses cookies only for login. Log FilesCanada Candy Connection keeps log files on broad fields to analyze trends, track user movements, and gather data for demographic locations. This is not attached in anyway to visitors personal identification. SharingCanada Candy Connection does not share any information with advertisers, merchants, or any other third party. LinksLinks to other sites outside of Canada Candy Connection do not apply to this privacy statement. We are not responsible for privacy policies of other websites linked to Canada Candy Connection.. Please read the privacy statement of each website linked to Canada Candy Connection for information and data use for visitors personal identification. Our privacy statement applies solely to Canada Candy Connection.. NewsletterYou can subscribe or unsubscribe to our newsletter at any time. All information stored on our database is not shared or sold to any third party. Subscribers wishing to unsubscribe to our newsletter can unsubscribe at any time. Changes of our PolicyIf and when our policy statement changes, visitors with Memberships in our databases will be notified of the changes, and they can use the opt-out option at anytime.
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 Canada Candy Connection.
Sitemap |
E-Commerce Software by BigCommerce