http://www.national-preservation.com/pages/cookie-policy
Log in or Sign up
National Preservation
Forums
>
If you register, you can do a lot more. And become an active part of our growing community. You'll have access to hidden forums, and enjoy the ability of replying and starting conversations.
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide
you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect changes to the cookies we use
and any other legal or operational reasons. Please re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay
informed about our use of cookies.
About Cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your
computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. By continuing to browse the website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Session cookies are downloaded to your computer temporarily for the period that you browse a
particular website; these cookies might allow you to navigate between pages more efficiently or
enable websites to remember the preferences you select. Persistent cookies can be used to help
websites remember you as a returning visitor or ensure the online adverts you receive are more
relevant to your interests. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies to perform various
functions across our website.
We may use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our
website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our
website or to keep you logged in when you use our website so you are not required to log in
every time you visit. These cookies are deleted when you close your web browser (browser
session).
Performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of
visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps
us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding
what they are looking for easily. They also allow us to see how effective our adverts are and
to assess errors within the user experience. While these cookies do not identify you
personally while you are not logged in, they will collect your browser information and
anonymised data, for the purposes outlined above. In certain cases, some of these cookies
are managed by third parties such as Google Analytics. These third parties are not capable
of using these cookies for any purpose other than those outlined above and they are unable
to identify with these cookies. Performance cookies are valid for varying periods. Such
cookies can be deleted at any stage using your browser settings.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
They also enhance the functionality of our websites by storing your preferences. This
enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your
preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Functional cookies expire
after a maximum of 2 years. Functionality cookies can be deleted from your browser
history at any point before their expiry time.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visits to our website, the pages you have
visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and
the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests or share this information with
third parties for this purpose, as detailed in our Privacy Policy. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well
as to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign, collect information about
browser habits to target website content and to target advertising and to provide advertisers
with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be
interested in.
Advertising Partners
We may partner with third party advertising networks and exchanges in order to display advertising on
our websites or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites. Our main advertising partner is
Venatus Media Limited (whose privacy policy is accessible here:
https://www.venatusmedia.com/privacy/). We and our third party partners may use cookies and other
tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to gather information about your activities on
our website and other sites in order to provide you with targeted advertising based on your browsing
activities and interests. All third parties with which we share this information are required to use your
personal data in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy.
Please note that turning off advertising cookies will not mean that you are not served any advertising,
merely that it will not be tailored to your interests.
Analytics Providers
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external
services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies over which we have no control.
These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies
Please also note that we use Google Analytics, which places cookies on your computer, to help the
website analyse how visitors use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your
use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google for the
purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website
operators and providing to us other services relating to website activity and internet usage. You may
refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note
that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you
can prevent Googles collection and use of data (i.e. cookies and IP address) by downloading and
installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB .
Please visit: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
and
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 for further information on how Google uses your
data.
Rejecting Cookies
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all
or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly
necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Some internet browsers - like Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome and Safari - include the ability to
transmit Do Not Track or DNT signals. We respect this setting and our website will not track you if
you enable this option.
Alternatively, you could visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on
cookies on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your
computer. To learn about controlling cookies on the browser of your mobile device please refer to
your handset manual.
Further Information
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use, the purposes for which we use
them, and when they will expire by contacting us at conrad@valiantinvestments.co.uk
Share This Page
Tweet
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Log in with Google
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
National Preservation
Forums
>