https://www.bareoaks.ca/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Privacy Statement
The privacy of our visitors, members and employees is essential. We are committed to collecting your personal information with integrity, keeping it accurate, and storing it confidentially and securely. We collect personal information in the regular course of doing business.
The following should answer most of your questions and let you know exactly how we’re protecting the information you entrust to us.
While some of this may seem inherently obvious, we are required by the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) to disclose what personal information we collect, how we use it, how we get consent, and how we can be contacted.
What personal information do you collect about me?
When you visit Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park, we collect the following information about you:
Name and contact information (e.g. address, phone number, email)
The name(s) of your spouse, partner and/or children if they are visiting with you or if you want to include them on your membership
Membership in relevant organizations
If you came using a vehicle, your make, model & vehicle license
A copy of a government-issued photo-identification
Emergency contact information
Digital image recording at the main entrance
Financial information that includes the details of the payment method you use
Your visit and purchase history
Your keyfob access history
We collect information about you:
Directly from you
From other institutions with whom you deal and who are responsible for obtaining your consent in order to provide your information to us
From other sources such public records or the media
On the internet, we collect:
General information automatically provided by your computer such as your IP address, the type of operating system, your internet service/speed, the browser you use, and your computer’s location
The pages you visit on our site and what links you click on
The site you came from
If you came from a search engine, the search query you used to find our website
We use Google Analytics to give us further insight into how our website is used. [gadwp_useroptout html_tag=”button”]Google Analytics Opt-out[/gadwp_useroptout]
The information you provide to subscribe to online services (e.g. email address, Twitter account, or Facebook account)
Your name, address, phone number, email, and payment method if you chose to engage in an internet-based commercial transaction
We collect the above information:
Provided automatically by your computer
Provided by you
How do you use this information?
The collection of personal information is important to the security of all visitors and members as well as to the effective operation of Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park.
At Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park, we use the information to:
confirm your identity
determine your admissibility
control access
provide services
complete a sale or transaction with you
verify your credit, if necessary
place special orders on your behalf
limit the possibility of error or fraud
manage the operations and the business
On the internet, we use the information to:
improve the content of our Web page
customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor
notify consumers about updates to our Web site,
support agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations
for marketing purposes
manage the operations and the business
In addition, if you choose to engage in an internet-based commercial transaction, we use the information to:
complete a sale or transaction with you
verify your credit, if necessary
place special orders on your behalf
deliver products directly to you
limit the possibility of error or fraud
Do you disclose this information to third parties?
Your privacy is very important to us. Your personal information is stored securely and is only available to staff and contractors who agree to respect and comply with our privacy policy. If we ask you for personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no. We do not share your personal information with third parties except in the following circumstances:
to process your payment (e.g. bank or credit card processing company)
if required by law
to assist investigations by law enforcement agencies
to inform naturist/nudist institutions of people who violate our regulations
to collect overdue debts
to safeguard the life, health or security of an individual
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to visit the Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park, confirm your identity & admissibility, complete a transaction, verify your credit, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we assume you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask you for personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no. Saying no is called “opting out.” By opting out, you can tell us not to collect the information and/or not to share it with other companies.
How long do you keep my personal information?
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected.
How do I get more information?
Our staff will be happy to answer any questions you may have about your personal information. If you would like more information about our policies, or you would like to see exactly what personal information we have about you in our records, or you wish to register a complaint, please contact:
Chief Privacy Officer
Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park
20237 Kennedy Road
East Gwillimbury, Ontario, L0G 1V0
Canada
+1 (905) 473-6060
info@BareOaks.ca
2011-03-19
Subscribe to our newsletter
Follow us on  Bare Oaks Blog  Facebook  Twitter Ello  Linkedin  Yelp  Trip Advisor  Foursquare  Wikipedia  YouTube  Flickr  Podcast
Member of
© Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park 2020, This website is designed, produced, managed and hosted in Ontario, Canada. By viewing and using this website you agree that your use of this website and your interactions with Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario in Canada.
English
Like everyone else, we use cookies for marketing purposes and to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site you are agreeing to it. You also agree that your use of this website and your interactions with Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the province of Ontario in Canada.OKRead our privacy policy for more details