http://www.atlanticpanic.com/privacy/
Find a Fishing Charter
Choose State:
Select a State »
--------------------
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
Massachusetts
Maryland
Maine
Michigan
Minnesota
North Carolina
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New York
Rhode Island
South Carolina
Virginia
Vermont
Bermuda
Choose Region:
Select a Region »
Search
Home
Fishing Charters
Fishing Reports
Classifieds
Fish Facts
Marine Store
Shopping Cart
Contact Us
Home
» Privacy Policy Our Commitment to Privacy
Thank you for visiting AtlanticPanic.com, where we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. Our privacy policy describes the information we collect and how we use it.
We always welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us:
Atlantic Panic
11 Williamsburg Avenue
Harwich, MA 02645
Phone: 508-221-1880
Fax: 508-945-7837
privacy@atlanticpanic.com
Contents
Information We Collect
Using Information We Collect
Information We Share with Others
How We Use Email
Links to Other Sites
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
Policy Changes
Questions or Comments?
Information We Collect
We request information from you (including name, address, telephone number, email address and, when necessary, credit card information) when you:
Book a fishing charter on our web site, with a credit card
Add a fishing charter to our online charter fishing database
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Participate in a promotional event
Sign up to participate as a team or captain on our weekly television reality show, AtlanticPanic
We maintain the data that you provide us, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our web site by analyzing log files that contain purely anonymous information about your visit, ie. duration and the path taken through our site.
Using Information We Collect
At AtlanticPanic, we always want to provide you with the best possible internet experience. In order to do this, we collect information that allows us to:
Contact you about the status of a booked charter or excursion
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Improve our efficiency and customer service
Information We Share with Others
We will not sell your contact information or provide it for any reason to any person or company for the purpose of marketing or solicitation. On rare occasions, and only when legally obligated, we may be required to disclose specific information. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not under any circumstances provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
How We Use Email
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to process your online booking or respond to a request. For example, after you book a charter at AtlanticPanic.com, you will receive an automated email acknowledging the booking, followed by a manually sent confirmation email confirming the availability of your charter booking. Recipients of charter fishing trip gift certificates will receive an email notifying them of the gift and instructing them how to redeem it. If you book a charter with a specific boat, we reserve the right to provide your contact information including email address to the captain with whom you've booked, so that he or she may more easily stay in touch with you as the charter date approaches.
It is our intent to send you promotional email (our Email Newsletter) only if you have agreed to receive it. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each edition of our newsletter.
Links to Other Sites
Occasionally we provide links on our Web site to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of AtlanticPanic.com and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we encourage you to review the privacy policy at each of the sites you visit.
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
To update your charter or customer information (name, address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at the address shown above. A limited amount of purchase information also may be available to you. To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information.
Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us.