http://www.bwpa.co.uk/privacy-policy
This privacy policy sets out how the British Women Pilots’ Association uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
The British Women Pilots’ Association is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Data Controller
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is BWPA of White Waltham Airfield, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6 3NJ, UK.
Information we may collect from you
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site, e.g. enquiry forms or by contacting us by phone, email or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site.
By the use of cookies on our site, in accordance with our Cookie policy below.
Your rights.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@bwpa.co.uk.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information.
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request will be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience.
In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others, the most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser.
For more information on Cookie Law, visit the Information Commissioners Office https://ico.org.uk/
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This policy was last amended 21 March 2019. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
How to contact us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@bwpa.co.uk .
News
Remembering Jean Batten CBE OSC*
22 November 2020
Success for 2020 scholarship winners
6 November 2020
Simulator bursary winners announced
24 October 2020
EventsFestive social chat (online)
Thursday 17 December 2020Southwest regional group (online)
Tuesday 29 December 2020Midlands regional group (online)
Saturday 2 January 2021
About Awards
Membership
Meet the Team
News
BWPA Rules
Contact British Women Pilots’ Association
White Waltham Airfield
Maidenhead
Berkshire
SL6 3NJ, UK
info@bwpa.co.uk
© The British Women Pilots' Association 2020 | Privacy Policy
Start typing and press Enter to search