http://www.lagunitas.com/privacy
ORDER DELIVERY
Beer
Taprooms
About
Music
Schwag
Home
Beer
Taprooms
Petaluma
Chicago
Seattle
About
Music
Schwag
Petaluma
Chicago
Seattle
To continue, you must be of proper age
I'm 21+
I'm Outta Here
PRIVACY POLICY
(LAST UPDATED 2/12/2020)
Welcome to Lagunitas.com. Because your privacy is very important to us, we want you to understand our practices with regard to collecting and using your information both online and offline and the steps we take to safeguard it. This statement applies to Personally Identifiable Information collected from our customers. When this Privacy Policy uses the term "Personally Identifiable Information" it refers to information that lets us know the specifics of whom you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you. Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, and other identification and contact information. We may also collect certain financial information; whenever we do so, we will attempt to provide a link to this Policy so that you can confirm how this information will be used. With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services. By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please leave this website and do not use it.
"Non Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that does not identify a specific individual by itself or in combination with other information. We may gather certain information about you such as age, date of birth, gender, as well as consumer purchasing information based upon where you shop on any one of our websites. This information may be compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the website's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the Internet. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the Internet. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet, allowing Internet servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
We welcome any and all questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Lagunitas Brewing Company
Customer Service
1280 N. McDowell Boulevard
Petaluma, CA 94954
Facsimile No.: (707) 763-5254
Email: lagunitas@lagunitas.com
SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents have the right to request and receive from us, one a year and free of charge, information about the personal information we have disclosed (if any) to third parties for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. For full details, please see the California Privacy Rights section below
1. Information We Collect
a. Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally Identifiable Information when you:
Place an order from our website
Return an item or make an exchange
Inquire about our services
Request product information
Create an account on our website
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event either online or offline.
Correspond with us, or
Otherwise volunteer information.
b. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Our website collects some non-personal information about you using clickstream technology, so it may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is not combined with Personally Identifiable Information.
2. Use of Data We Collect
a. Personally Identifiable Information
At Lagunitas, we always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you have requested. In order to do this, we use your Personally Identifiable Information to allow us to:
Process and track your order
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Your email address will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing from any newsletters, promotions or non-transactional related emails are included in every email.
b. Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
We use the Non-Personally Identifiable Information that we collect from our customers and other visitors in a manner that does not personally identify any individual. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to make our website more interesting and useful to you. We also track the pages or documents accessed within our website. This information is collected for systems administration and for analyzing and improving the value of the material available on our website. This Non-Personally Identifiable Information is used to help our advertisers or our site design teams create advertisements our guests might like.
Cookies: Like many other commercial sites, our website utilizes standard technologies called "cookies" to collect information about how our website is used. A cookie is a small data text file, that a website stores on your computer's hard drive (if your web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies are designed to help a website recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a customer's password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." For instance, cookies allow us to prepopulate (or fill in) an email field with your email address if you revisit one of our website and place an order. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.
We send a cookie to your hard drive when you make an order to record the product name, category of product that you ordered, the amount paid, the order number and any referral codes. No Personally Identifiable Information is recorded. When you click through to our website from a promotional email, our third-party advertising service partner may send a cookie to your hard drive recording your IP address and other related information.
3. Information We Share with Others
a. Our Contractors
We contract with other companies (such as shippers and website developers) to provide certain services to Lagunitas to fulfill orders, provide contests and create our website. In some instances, these contractors may have access to Personally Identifiable Information but they are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of carrying out the business of Lagunitas.
These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Lagunitas.
b. Third Parties
Your personally identifiable information is never shared with any third party (except as described above to our contractors who use it ONLY to carry out Lagunitas business.)
c. You may also "opt-in/opt out" of certain uses of your personal information as well as review or request changes to your personal information by clicking here.
4. Disclosure Exceptions
Notwithstanding the above policies, we may disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties if we are required to do so by law or we believe that such action is necessary:
To comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order;
To protect the company's rights and property;
To investigate reports of fraud or of users sending material using a false e-mail address or users sending harassing, threatening, or abusive messages;
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website; or
During emergencies, such as when we believe someone's physical safety is at risk.
YOUR CHOICES
We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive product information or other communications from Lagunitas or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us at lagunitasspeaks@lagunitas.com.
Please be sure to provide us your exact name and address, or the mailing label from your catalog, so that we can be sure to identify you correctly. Because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
EMAIL USE
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. For example, after you place an order at any of our websites you will receive an email confirmation and, in most cases, an email with package tracking information. It is our intent to send you promotional email only if you have agreed to receive it. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each promotional e-mail or newsletter. Your email address will be used only to respond to your request or to process your order, and will not be shared with any third parties. Instructions for unsubscribing are included in every email containing promotional material.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Occasionally we provide links on our website to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of Lagunitas and have established their own privacy and security policies. Lagunitas does not have any control over the privacy practices of these sites. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
SECURITY
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We employ reasonable security measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities. When you make a purchase, request product information or create an account on our website, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format. We maintain the data you provide, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We also encourage our partners and service providers to adopt and follow stringent consumer privacy policies.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN ON OUR WEBSITE
It is our policy not to collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person under 13 because children are not permitted to use this website, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any Personally Identifiable Information to us through the website. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered Personally Identifiable Information from children under 13, we will promptly remove such information from our records.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident and our past, current, or prospective employee or contractor or an emergency contact or benefits beneficiary of any such employee or contractor, please see below for our privacy notice applicable to you.
This section provides information for California residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Under the CCPA, and for purposes of this section, “Personal Information” generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a California resident or household and includes the categories listed below. Below are details about the categories of Personal Information of California residents that we have collected or disclosed during the last 12 months.
Categories of Personal Information Collected: We collected the following categories of Personal Information:
A. Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address, online identifiers, and government-issued ID numbers;
B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as contact and financial information;
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, and marital status;
D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;
E. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites and applications;
F. Geolocation data, such as device location;
G. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as call and video recordings;
H. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;
I. Non-public education information; and
J. Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
Depending on a California consumer’s particular interactions and relationship with us, we may not have collected each of the above categories about each consumer.
Sources of Personal Information. We collect this Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and social media platforms.
Purposes. We may use this Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to: develop, improve, and maintain our products and services; personalize, advertise, market, and provide our products and services and related customer service; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform identity verification; perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintain records; and exercise and defend legal claims.
Disclosures of Personal Information. We disclosed the following Personal Information to our affiliates, service providers, and joint-marketing partners for our operational business purposes:
A. Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address, online identifiers, and government-issued ID numbers;
B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as contact and financial information;
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, and marital status;
D. Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;
E. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites and applications;
F. Geolocation data, such as device location;
G. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as call and video recordings;
H. Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer;
I. Non-public education information; and
J. Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics.
Depending on a California consumer’s particular interactions and relationship with us, we may not have disclosed each of the above categories about each consumer.
“Sales” of Personal Information. The CCPA defines a “sale” as the disclosure of Personal Information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. We have not sold our customer list or similar personal information for payment, but we may have engaged in certain types of online interest-based advertising that may be deemed a “sale” for purposes of the CCPA. We may have “sold” the following categories of Personal Information:
A. Identifiers, such as name, IP address, email address, online identifiers, and government-issued ID numbers;
B. Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as contact and financial information;
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age, gender, and marital status; and
D. Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites and applications.
Depending on a California consumer’s particular interactions and relationship with us, we may not have “sold” each of the above categories about each consumer. The CCPA definition of “sale” does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.
If you are a California resident, you have the following rights:
(1) Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
o The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
o The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you;
o The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information about you;
o The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold such Personal Information; and
o The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information.
(2) Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you.
To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please click here or call us at 1-800-408-6966. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
(3) Right to Opt Out of Sale. You may opt out of future “sale” of Personal Information about you by clicking here.
(4) Right to Be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
(5) Right to Request Information About Our Information Sharing.
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, California residents have the right to request and receive from Lagunitas, once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information we have disclosed (if any) to third parties for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of personal information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy.requests@lagunitas.com including the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line, and provide Lagunitas with your name, postal address and email address.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE FOR EMPLOYEES, INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AND JOB APPLICANTS
The Lagunitas Brewing Company (“we” or “us”) provide the following details regarding the Personal Information that we collect and use about California residents in the context of their current, former, or potential role as our employees, independent contractors, directors, or officers. This Privacy Notice also applies to such individuals’ emergency contacts and benefits beneficiaries who are residents of California.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers, such as name, contact information, online identifiers, IP address, and Social Security numbers and other government-issued ID numbers;Personal information, as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, financial information and medical and medical insurance information;Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as sex, age, race, religion, national origin, disability, medical conditions and information, citizenship, immigration status and marital status;Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our and other websites and systems;Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as photographs or audio or video recordings created in connection with our business activities;Professional or employment-related information, such as work history, prior employer, information relating to references, details of qualifications, skills and experience, human resources data, and data necessary for benefits and related administration services;Education information subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act; and
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use this Personal Information for the purposes of operating, managing, and maintaining our business, managing our workforce, and accomplishing our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to:
Manage workforce activities and personnel generally, including for recruitment, background screening, performance management, career development, payments administration, employee training, leaves and promotions;Administer hiring, promotion, and discipline;Provide an efficient means for personnel to obtain the contact information of their colleagues so they may contact them;Manage payroll, wages, tax forms and filings, expense reimbursements, and other awards such as bonuses, and provide healthcare, pensions, savings plans and other benefits;Calculate insurance and other employee benefits;Notify family members in case of an emergency;Maintain and secure our facilities, equipment, systems, and infrastructure;Undertake quality and safety assurance measures, protect the health and safety of our workforce and others, and conduct risk and security control and monitoring;Determine and monitoring compliance with training and other policies;Conduct research, analytics, and data analysis to assist in planning succession and to ensure business continuity, as well as to design employee retention programs and diversity initiatives;Perform identity verification, accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations;Monitor use of IT infrastructure, internet access, and electronic communication for unauthorized, unlawful, or inappropriate use;Record phone calls for training, quality assurance, and legal compliance purposes;Operate and manage IT and communications systems and facilities, allocate company assets and human resources, and undertake strategic planning and project management;Obtain legal advice and establishing, exercising or defending legal rights, acting on collection and discovery requests in the context of litigation, government investigations or regulatory audits or inquiries; andComply with law, legal process, investigations, internal policies and other requirements such as income tax deductions, monitoring, record-keeping and reporting obligations.
CHANGES TO THIS CCPA NOTICE
We may change or update this CCPA Notice from time to time.
CONTACT US
Please contact privacy.requests@lagunitas.com if you have any questions regarding this CCPA Privacy Notice.
POLICY CHANGES
Lagunitas may at any time modify this Privacy Policy in our discretion without notice. Your use of this website will be conditioned upon the Privacy Policy that is posted on our site at the time of your use. Please be sure to review our Terms of Use before proceeding to use our website.
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us at our email or physical address at the beginning of this Policy.
For Sporadic Beer Updates
Community Support
Jobs
Stories
Contact
© 2017 Lagunitas Brewing Company. 1280 N. McDowell Blvd., Petaluma, Calif., USofA, Earth, Sol. Milky Way, Local Group, Virgo Supercluster, Space.
Legal
|
Privacy
|
CA Supply Chain
|
Don't sell my personal info