http://www.forestglenresort.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Forest Glen Resort Privacy PolicyForest Glen Holiday Resort respects your privacy and for that reason we will only deal with your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy which is available upon request by calling 07 5476 6646 or below.
1. Our privacy policy
The protection of your privacy is important to us. That is why we have prepared this document to ensure you are aware of your rights and our commitment to your privacy. Under the Privacy Act there are National Privacy Principles (“NPP’s”). These are rules that apply to many private sector organisations including Forest Glen Holiday Resort and which regulate the way in which we deal with your personal information.
In this Policy the words “we”, “our” or “us” means Forest Glen Holiday Resort.
2. Collection of personal information
2.1 The type of personal information we collect about you includes:
2.1.1 your name and address;
2.1.2 your telephone numbers;
2.1.3 your email address;
2.1.4 your computer IP address from our website;
2.1.5 details of your previous dealings with Forest Glen Holiday Resort;
2.1.6 your financial information (eg. for invoicing and payments of services, products and membership or personal credit information when you make payments to us); and
2.1.7 franchise agreement information;
2.2 We may collect your personal information in the following ways:
2.2.1 in any discussions we have with you whether in person or by telephone;
2.2.2 through our club member application forms;
2.2.3 through our accounts and payments you make;
2.2.4 through our website or email server by way of ‘cookies’. Cookies are small pieces of data that allow the website to remember something about you at a later time for example by storing information of how you use the site. You may configure the web browser to refuse or disable cookies.
2.2.5 through third parties, including companies running competitions on our behalf, our franchisees and our agents; .
2.2.6 through customer feedback and survey forms;
2.2.7 through the quality control checklist.
2.3 If we collect personal information about an individual from you, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the individual will or has been made aware of this privacy policy and:
2.3.1 our identity and how to contact us;
2.3.2 that he or she can access the information;
2.3.3 the purpose for which we have collected the information;
2.3.4 the organisations or types of organisations that we usually disclose the information to;
2.3.5 any law that requires particular information to be collected; and
2.3.6 the main consequences (if any) for the individual if all or part of the information is not provided.
3. Use of personal information
3.1 We collect your personal information for the following purposes:
3.1.1 to provide you with information and updates including but not limited to marketing material and special offers;
3.1.2 to verify your membership status and for production of membership cards and renewal notices;
3.1.3 to arrange for accommodation or collection of prizes;
3.1.4 to compose diagnostic and statistical information for our computer network;
3.1.5 for accounting purposes such as calculation of billing of services, products and membership; and
3.1.6 to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of our website.
3.2 If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may “opt out” of our list and your name will be removed from our marketing list.
4. The quality of your personal information
4.1 We believe it is important to make sure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. To this end our staff have procedures to monitor some of your personal information.
4.2 We also request that you contact us and tell us if any of your personal information has changed (eg. your address) or if you believe that the personal information is inaccurate. After you advise us we can then update our records and ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate and up to date.
4.3You may contact us and request particulars of the personal information we hold about you, and whether that personal information needs to be amended or corrected in any way. You may contact us on our email: info@forestglenresort.com.au.
5. The security of personal information
5.1 We are committed to maintaining the highest level of security of our client(s) files and personal information.
5.2 We use the following security measures to protect personal information:
5.2.1 locked offices;
5.2.2 locked files
5.2.3 passwords on all our computers; and
5.2.4 virus protection software.
5.3 We will keep personal information as long as we need it for the purposes in clause 3.1 of this policy, after which time we will destroy or de-indentify the personal information. Otherwise we may keep personal information for any period required by law.
6. Disclosure of personal information
6.1 We may disclose personal information to:
6.1.1 our franchisees ( to verify membership details, and to provide you with services);
6.1.2 a third party contractor who may be performing services for us which involves your personal information such as sponsors of our conferences, advertising agencies, suppliers and our public relations agency.
6.1.3 any other party to which the law obliges us to.
6.2 We will not sell your personal information to marketing bodies without your consent.
7. Do you have any concerns, queries, disputes or complaints ?
7.1 If you have any concerns, queries, disputes or complaints about our privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us on email: info@forestglenresort.com.au.
7.2 If you have any disputes or complaints, our privacy officer will attend to them and may request that you put your dispute or complaint in writing. Our privacy officer will investigate any dispute or complaint and respond to you within a reasonable time.
7.3 This privacy policy may be amended or updated to ensure that we maintain the highest standards.