http://www.vinecliff.com/privacy
HOME
OUR STORY
ESTATE GARDENS
WINE EXPERIENCES
OAKVILLE ESTATE
VINEYARD SEASONS
VINE CLIFF WINEMAKING
VINE CLIFF WINES
LARGE FORMAT BOTTLES
WINE CLUB
BLOG AND NEWS
TRADE
CONTACT US
SHOP
PRIVACY POLICY
VINE CLIFF PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY – EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2019
1. Vine Cliff Winery is Committed to Best-Practice Privacy Standards.
We are committed to protecting your personal information and letting you know the type of information we collect and how this information is used.
2. Collection and Use of Personal and Identifiable Information.
When you join our mailing lists or newsletters, register for any of our programs or events, place an order, request a tasting, or contact us for other similar business purposes, we may collect personally identifiable information about you, including your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, and credit card information. We use this personally identifiable information to process your requests and to communicate with you about your orders. Vine Cliff Winery will seek to take all reasonable steps to keep any information we hold about you secure, accurate and up to date. Your information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. Vine Cliff Winery will take all reasonable steps to ensure that our employees and contractors respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us. You should notify us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.
3. Secure Information.
We employ reasonable security measures to protect the information we receive from our users. We strive to create a secure and reliable Site for our users, however the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed. Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and therefore can consequently be collected and used by others without their consent. Vine Cliff Winery is not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction. When we collect and transmit sensitive data such as your credit card information, the encryption method uses secure socket layer technology (SSL). No transmission of information is guaranteed to be completely secure. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise data security. You acknowledge and agree to assume this risk when communicating with us.
4. Additional Information.
Additionally, we may also use your name and contact information to notify you of changes to our Site, new wines and releases, special offers, and events we think you will find valuable or of interest. Please email us at info@vinecliff.com
if you no longer wish to receive emails or newsletters from us, or use the Unsubscribe feature in our emails. Your name and information will not be sold nor rented to other companies.
5. Aggregate Use of Information.
We may use your personal information for research or to improve our Site and the services we offer you. We analyze the data for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of our Site users are visiting and how long they spend there. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. We may share this aggregated information with our content providers to assist them in understanding our services but we do not give our content providers aggregated information that would allow them to identify you personally. As well, any third party providers are bound by this privacy policy. We also use your personal information to notify you of updates to the website via email (if you have subscribed to one of our services). Please email us at info@vinecliff.com
if you no longer wish to receive emails or newsletters from us.
6. Use of ‘Cookies’.
Some of the pages found on Vine Cliff Winery website use ‘cookies’ to help us remember who you are. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies help us provide you with services and features that are tailored to your needs when you visit the Vine Cliff Winery website again. Cookies in themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s browsers. The cookies simply operate as a unique identifier. This lets us know what you find interesting and useful, which allows us to keep improving our website and provide you with a personalized service. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse them, although this means you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
7. Public Forums
If at any time this Site creates chat rooms, message boards, news groups or other types of public forums, please remember that information shared in those forums is public and not subject to this privacy policy. Please use caution when using these tools, and never disclose personal or sensitive information. We also encourage our users to be courteous when dealing with each other.
8. ‘Opting Out’.
As we have mentioned previously, you can always choose to discontinue our emails. If you would like to be removed from our mailing list, please email us at info@vinecliff.com
or use the Unsubscribe feature in our emails.
9. Corrections or Updates.
Our customers are very valuable to us, and we want to make sure that we can contact you. If you need to make corrections or updates to the personal information that you have provided us, you can send us an email at info@vinecliff.com.
10. Not Directed To Individuals Under The Legal Drinking Age.
This Site is not intended for people under the legal drinking age of 21. We do not seek or knowingly collect any personal information from or about individuals under the age of 21. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from an individual under the legal drinking age, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
11. Updates To This Policy.
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by changing the “Last Modified” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
12. Governing Law.
This Privacy Policy and our privacy practices will be subject exclusively to the laws of the State of California within the United States of America. We make no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other country. Visitors who use this Site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using our Site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.
13. Contacting Vine Cliff Winery.
If you have questions about this Site or this privacy policy, please contact:
Administration Office,
Vine Cliff Winery
7400 Silverado Trail
Napa, CA 94558
707-944-2388 (phone)
707-944-2466 (fax)
info@vinecliff.com
OAKVILLE WINERY & TASTING ROOM: 7400 Silverado Trail,
Napa, CA 94558, USA
TEL: 707-944-1364ST. HELENA WINE ROOM: 699 St Helena Hwy,  St Helena, CA 94574, USA   TEL: 707-967-9820
CONTACT US Vine Cliff wines and website are intended for consumers of legal drinking age. Please enjoy our products responsibly. WARNING: Drinking distilled spirits, beer, coolers, wine and other alcoholic beverages may increase cancer risk, and, during pregnancy, can cause birth defects. For more information go to www.P65Warnings.ca.gov/alcohol.Copyright ©2020 Vine Cliff Winery. All rights reserved. |
Privacy Policy / Accessibility Statement
Share by: