https://www.walleye.com/sitepolicy.htm
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analyzed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognized by our web servers.
Walleye.com is a social networking service that allows Members to interact with each other via forum posts and private messages and create unique personal profiles online in order to find and communicate with other fishermen. The services offered by Walleye.com ("Walleye.com" or "we") include the Walleye.com website (the "Walleye Website"), the Walleye.com Discussion service, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Walleye.com in connection with the Walleye.com Website. Walleye.com Services are hosted in the U.S.
This Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Walleye.com Services. By using the Walleye.com Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement, whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Walleye.com Website), you are a "Member" (which means that you have registered with Walleye.com), or you are an “Advertiser” (which means that you have advertising, promotions, or items for sale appearing on Walleye.com). The term "User" refers to a Visitor, Member, Advertiser, or any person or entity that uses Walleye.com and/or its Services in any way. You are only authorized to use the Walleye.com Services (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and to this Agreement.
Read this Agreement carefully and save it. If you do not agree with it, you should leave the Walleye.com Website and discontinue use of the Walleye.com Services immediately. If you wish to become a Member or Advertiser, communicate with other Members and make use of the Walleye.com Services, you must read this Agreement and indicate your acceptance during the Registration process.
This Agreement includes Walleye.com's policy for acceptable use of the Walleye.com Services and Content posted on the Walleye.com Website, your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the Walleye.com Services and Walleye.com's Privacy Policies.
Walleye.com may modify this Agreement at any time and such modification shall be effective upon posting by Walleye.com on the Walleye.com Website. You agree to be bound to any changes to this Agreement when you use the Walleye.com Services after any such modification is posted. It is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
Please choose carefully the information you post on Walleye.com and that you provide to other Users. Your Walleye.com profile may not include the following items: telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, and any photographs containing nudity, or obscene, lewd, excessively violent, harassing, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable subject matter. Despite this prohibition, information provided by other Walleye.com Members (for instance, in their Profile) or Advertisers may contain inaccurate, inappropriate, offensive or sexually explicit material, products or services, and Walleye.com assumes no responsibility or liability for this material. If you become aware of misuse of the Walleye.com Services by any person or entity, please contact Walleye.com and report the offense.
Walleye.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject, refuse to post or remove any posting by you, or to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Walleye.com Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability.
Walleye.com expressly reserves the right to remove your profile and/or restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any part of Walleye.com Services if Walleye.com determines, in its sole discretion, that you pose a threat to Walleye.com and/or its Users.
1. Eligibility. Use of and Membership in the Walleye.com Services is void where prohibited. By using the Walleye.com Services, you represent and warrant that a) all registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; c) you are 18 years of age or older; d) you give Walleye.com full rights to add or remove your email address to or from our distribution list and e) your use of the Walleye.com Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Your profile or advertisement may be deleted and your Membership may be terminated without warning, if we believe that you are under 18 years of age.
2. Term. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Walleye.com Services or are a Member or Advertiser. You may terminate your Membership at any time, for any reason. Walleye.com may terminate your Membership at any time, without warning. Even after Membership is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect.
3. Fees. You acknowledge that Walleye.com reserves the right to charge for the Walleye.com Services and to change its fees from time to time in its discretion. If Walleye.com terminates your Membership or Advertising because you have breached the Agreement, you shall not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of subscription fees.
4. Password. When you sign up to become a Member, you will also be asked to choose a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to use the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. You agree to notify Walleye.com immediately if you suspect any unauthorized use of your account or access to your password. You are solely responsible for any and all use of your account.
5. Non-commercial Use by Members. The Walleye.com Services are for the personal use of Members only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by Walleye.com. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the Walleye.com Services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the Walleye.com Website is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from Member profiles and Blog Listing pages without notice and may result in termination of Membership privileges. Appropriate legal action can be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Walleye.com Services.
6. Proprietary Rights in Content on Walleye.com. Walleye.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant Walleye.com the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable:
With respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of Walleye.com, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purposes of providing and promoting the specific Walleye.com to which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or Walleye.com removes such Content from the Service.
With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service other than Walleye.com, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or Walleye.com removes such Content from the Service.
With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, the perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed.
7. Content Posted.
Walleye.com may delete any Content that in the sole judgment of Walleye.com violates this Agreement or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of any person. Walleye.com assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Walleye.com Services for inappropriate Content or conduct. If at any time Walleye.com chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the Walleye.com Services, Walleye.com nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the Content, no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate Content, and no responsibility for the conduct of the User submitting any such Content.
You are solely responsible for the Content that you post on or through any of the Walleye.com Services, and any material or information that you transmit to other Members and for your interactions with other Users. Walleye.com does not endorse and has no control over the Content. Content is not necessarily reviewed by Walleye.com prior to posting and does not necessarily reflect the opinions or policies of Walleye.com. Walleye.com makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the Content or to the accuracy and reliability of the Content or any material or information that you transmit to other Members.
8. Content/Activity Prohibited. The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited to post on or through the Walleye.com Services. Walleye.com reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Walleye.com's sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Walleye.com Services and terminating the Membership of such violators. Prohibited Content includes, but is not limited to Content that, in the sole discretion of Walleye.com:
is patently offensive and promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
exploits people in a sexual or violent manner;
contains nudity, violence, or offensive subject matter or contains a link to an adult website;
solicits personal information from anyone under 18;
provides any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses;
promotes information that you know is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated music or links to pirated music files;
involves the transmission of "junk mail," "chain letters," or unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, "spimming," or "spamming";
contains restricted or password only access pages or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
furthers or promotes any criminal activity or enterprise or provides instructional information about illegal activities including, but not limited to making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
firearms or ammunition
solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other Users;
involves commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes;
includes a photograph of another person that you have posted without that person's consent; or
for band and filmmaker profiles, uses sexually suggestive imagery or any other unfair, misleading or deceptive Content intended to draw traffic to the profile.
The following is a partial list of the kind of activity that is illegal or prohibited on the Walleye.com Website and through your use of the Walleye.com Services. Walleye.com reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Walleye.com's sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. Prohibited activity includes, but is not limited to:
criminal or tortuous activity, including child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, selling of illegal arms, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, stalking, spamming, spimming, sending of viruses or other harmful files, copyright infringement, patent infringement, or theft of trade secrets;
advertising to, or solicitation of, any Member to buy or sell any products or services through the Walleye.com Services. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Members. It is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Walleye.com Services in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent
covering or obscuring the banner advertisements on your personal profile page, or any Walleye.com page via HTML/CSS or any other means;
any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to add friends or send comments or messages;
interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the Walleye.com Services or the networks or services connected to the Walleye.com Services;
attempting to impersonate another Member or person;
using the account, username, or password of another Member at any time or disclosing your password to any third party or permitting any third party to access your account;
using any information obtained from the Walleye.com Services in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person;
displaying an advertisement on your profile, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third person in exchange for your performing any commercial activity on or through the Walleye.com Services on behalf of that person, such as placing commercial content on your profile, posting blogs or bulletins with a commercial purpose, selecting a profile with a commercial purpose as one of your "Top 8" friends, or sending private messages with a commercial purpose; or
using the Walleye.com Services in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
9. Copyright Policy. You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is the policy of Walleye.com to terminate Membership privileges of any Member who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to Walleye.com by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent. Without limiting the foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the Walleye.com Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Copyright Agent with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Walleye.com Services; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Walleye.com.com's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows: email: [email protected]
10. Member Disputes. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Walleye.com Members. Walleye.com reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Members.
11. Disclaimers. Walleye.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on the Walleye.com Website or in connection with the Walleye.com Services, whether caused by Users of the Walleye.com Services or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Walleye.com Services. Profiles created and posted by Members on the Walleye.com Website may contain links to other websites. Walleye.com is not responsible for the Content, accuracy or opinions expressed on such websites, and such websites are in no way investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by Walleye.com. Inclusion of any linked website on the Walleye.com Services does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by Walleye.com. When you access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. Walleye.com takes no responsibility for third party advertisements that are posted on this Walleye.com Website or through the Walleye.com Services, nor does it take any responsibility for the goods or services provided by its advertisers. Walleye.com is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Walleye.com Services. Walleye.com assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any User or Member communication. Walleye.com is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on any of the Walleye.com Services or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to Users or to any person's computer related to or resulting from participation or downloading materials in connection with the Walleye.com Services. Under no circumstances shall Walleye.com be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of the Walleye.com Services, attendance at a Walleye.com event, from any Content posted on or through the Walleye.com Services, or from the conduct of any Users of the Walleye.com Services, whether online or offline. The Walleye.com Services are provided "AS-IS" and as available and Walleye.com expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Walleye.com cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the Walleye.com Services.
12. Limitation on Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL WALLEYE.COM BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, EVEN IF WALLEYE.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, WALLEYE.COM'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO WALLEYE.COM FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP.
13. U.S. Export Controls. Software available in connection with the Walleye.com Services (the "Software") is further subject to United States export controls. No Software may be downloaded from the Walleye.com Services or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. export laws. Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk.
14. Disputes. If there is any dispute about or involving the Walleye.com Services, you agree that the dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, USA, without regard to conflict of law provisions and you agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of the United States located in the State of New York, City of Rochester. Either Walleye.com or you may demand that any dispute between Walleye.com and you about or involving the Walleye.com Services must be settled by arbitration utilizing the dispute resolution procedures of the American Arbitration Association (AAA) in Rochester, New York, USA, provided that the foregoing shall not prevent Walleye.com from seeking injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
15. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold Walleye.com, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, and their respective officers, agents, partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Walleye.com Services in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above and/or if any Content that you post on the Walleye.com Website or through the Walleye.com Services causes Walleye.com to be liable to another.
16. Other. This Agreement is accepted upon your use of the Walleye.com Website or any of the Walleye.com Services and is further affirmed by you becoming a Member. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Walleye.com regarding the use of the Walleye.com Services. The failure of Walleye.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. This Agreement operates to the fullest extent permissible by law. If any provision of this Agreement is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that provision is deemed severable from this Agreement and does not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies
This website may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on for the purpose of serving relevant ads. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies may remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
Google Analytics is used on this site to track visitor usage and generate reports. The statistical information is measured by using cookies, which are stored on the visitors computer. Google stores this information and their privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Third-party advertising companies are used to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits display more relevant ads. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Most browsers allow you to reject or block some or all cookies. Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon many features of this site including the ability to login and maintain sessions.