http://www.cottagesontheweb.com/privacy-policy
Cottages on the Web
Home
Cottages For
Rent
Resorts/Lodges
Cottages For Sale
Recreation
Become a Fan on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Vacationer Login
Owner Login
List Your Property
Email:
Password:
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Sign Up
Email:
Password:
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Sign Up
Home > Privacy Policy
Cottages on the Web Privacy Policy
Section 1. Introduction
We at Cottages on the Web respect your right to privacy.
Cottages on the Web address: 6 Main St. West,
Huntsville, Ontario,
P1H 2E1,
Canada
We can be contacted by telephone at 1-705-788-1801 or email at info@cottagesontheweb.com.
The purpose of this Website Privacy Statement is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. By visiting and/or registering on this website, you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Statement.
Section 2. Types of Information Collected
We retain two types of information:
"Personal Data"
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you.
"Non-Personal Data"
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website.
This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
Section 3. Purposes for which we hold your Information
Non-Personal Data
We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
Personal Data
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:
(a) to contact you in relation to your sales queries, sales orders, sales transactions and refunds;
(b) to provide you with information regarding our services;
(c) to respond to any queries you submit to us;
(d) to seek your views on our site and our services;
(e) to provide you with information on ancillary services offered by us or our business partners.
(f) to send you newsletters or other forms of communication in relation to site services and products
Section 4. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our website, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services (including website tracking services), commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil a service you have requested (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). Any third party we disclose the information to will use it for the purposes of delivering the service in question unless you have agreed otherwise.
We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Section 5. Security
Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our Internet Service Provider. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.
Section 6. Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email [info@cottagesontheweb.com].
Section 7. Changes to the Website Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Refund Policy
If, for whatever reason, you are unsatisfied with our service, you have the right to cancel your order within seven days of payment and get a full refund, with the exception of services that start before this cooling off period. To cancel an order, please send us an email at info@cottagesontheweb.com quoting the Invoice No. you received from Cottages on the Web, the reason for cancellation and the name of the person who made the transaction.
Find a Vacation Property
Find Cottage Rentals
Find Resorts/Lodges
Find Cottages For Sale
Find Recreation Listings
Links to Other Sites
Ontario Cottage Rentals
Port Carling Boats
Chalets on the Web
SME Strategies, Inc.
Owners
Features / Pricing / Sign Up
Vacationers
Features / Sign Up
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Cottage Articles
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Banner Advertising
Facebook
Twitter
© 2013 Cottages on the Web - Cottage Rentals, Vacation Rentals, Cottages For Sale
Site Map