http://www.ckcsc.org/privacypolicy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Search form
Enter your search term here
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.<
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 30 days.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.ckcsc.org
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 9/1/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.ckcsc.org
2301 E. Emory Road
Knoxville, Tennessee 37938
USA
[site:technical-email]
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this World Wide Web site ("Site"), you signify your acceptance to these terms of use and agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this Site. By using this Site, you expressly agree that your rights and obligations, as well as those of CKCSC – USA Inc.(referred to as "CKCSC-USA" herein), shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Kentucky, excluding its choice of law rules.
1.This Site is owned and operated by CKCSC-USA. Except as expressly licensed by CKCSC-USA, no material from CKCSC-USA or any Web site owned, operated, licensed or controlled by CKCSC-USA may be republished, uploaded, posted in any way, except that you may download a copy of the materials on any single computer for your individual, non-commercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of CKCSC-USA's copyright and other proprietary rights. For purposes of these terms and conditions of use, the use of any such material on any other Web site is prohibited. All trademarks, service marks, and trade names (collectively, the "Marks") are proprietary to CKCSC-USA, or other respective owners which have granted CKCSC-USA the right and license to use such Marks.
2.This Website may be linked to from other websites which are not under the control of and are not maintained by CKCSC – USA. The CKCSC – USA. is not responsible for the content of those sites. The CKCSC – USA is providing links other websites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by CKCSC – USA of those sites.
3.While CKCSC-USA uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, CKCSC-USA makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. CKCSC-USA assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or representations in the content of this Site.
4.The materials on this site are provided with "Restricted Rights." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the Government constitutes acknowledgment of CKCSC-USA 's proprietary rights in them.
Consider contributing to Cavalier Health Foundation, USA
Cavalier King Charles Spaniel USA Health Foundation promotes the health and well-being of Cavalier King Charles Spaniels through charitable, educational and scientific efforts.  Specifally the Foundation supports education and research related to the history, character, care, breeding, genetics and health issues of Cavaliers.
Research funding is possible because of tax-deductible dues and contributions.
CKCS USA Health Foundation Inc. is a registered 501c3 - membership dues and contributions may be tax deductible
Learn More
© 2020 | Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Club | 2301 E. Emory Road •
Knoxville, Tennessee 37938 | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Back to top