https://www.thecenter2000.com/privacypolicy.html
The Center 2000 is
"Home of the Public Records Search" - And also Media Metrix Top 500 US
Sites - 1999
Effective May 29th 2007 Last Updated: Nov 21st, 2013
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment
To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's
Privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect
your privacy we provide this notice explaining our
online information practices and the choices you can
make about the way your information is collected and
used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it
available on our homepage and at every point where
personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or
submitted on the thecenter2000.com website. On some
pages, you can make requests, and receive search
queries. The types of personal information collected at
these pages are:
Server log files
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.)
If you have not opted out of third-party ad serving, the cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on your site, and should be disclosed in your privacy policy as well in the following manner.
Notify your site visitors of the third-party vendors and ad networks serving ads on your site.
Provide links to the appropriate vendor and ad network websites.
Inform your users that they may visit those websites to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of some third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
Because publisher sites and laws across countries vary, we're unable to suggest specific privacy policy language. However, you may wish to review resources such as the Network Advertising Initiative for guidance on drafting a privacy policy.
The Way We Use Information:
We do not share this information with outside
parties. Certain forms used on this site that asks for a
name, year of birth and the first 3 digits of a social
security number is not logged, and is tracked only in
your browser by a "cookie".
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data
accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we
have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is
especially important. For that reason, we never collect
or maintain information at our website from those we
actually know are under 18, and no part of our website
is structured to attract anyone under 18.
Copyright © TheCenter2000.com
All Rights Reserved - Privacy