http://www.aorafting.com/reservations/privacy.htm
×
Office Hours
Mon - Fri: 10am - 4pm
Close
Pre-Season Sale: Save 25% On Any 2021 California River Trip! Learn More
Home
All-Outdoors Privacy Policy
You've heard it before... but at All-Outdoors, we mean it.
We will never share your personal information with any outside party-- PERIOD.
That means no sharing, renting or selling of any information you entrust to us. Your personal information will only be accessed by All-Outdoors-- and even then we will only contact you if:
-- You signed up to receive our monthly AO eNews or other mailings.
-- You expressed an interest in being contacted.
-- You made a inquiry and we need to reply to your request.
You can remove yourself from our mailing list at anytime by sending an email to   or
contact us at (800) 247-2387.
At All-Outdoors we are committed to keeping your personal information private.
The Armstrong Family and All-Outdoors Staff
Our Advertising Partners & You
As you browse www.aorafting.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in.
Our display advertising partners, including Google, Facebook and AdRoll enable us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with www.aorafting.com.
The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
You can visit this page to opt out of all of these companies targeted advertising.
Back to Top
Helpful Links
Pricing
Deals & Discounts
Cancellation Policy
Travel Info & What to Bring
Group Rafting Trips
Rafting Videos
Purchase Your Photos
River Flows
Rafting Trip Certificates
Guide School
Employment
About AO
Email Newsletter
Get season updates, flow reports, exclusive discounts and our most recent blog posts.
BONUS: Win a Free Trip for Two!
Subscribe once for a chance to win every month!
* indicates required
Email Address
*
Connect with AO
Rafting FAQ's
Get all the answers to the most frequently asked questions (FAQ's) regarding minimum age, how to choose a river, what to wear, trips costs and more...
View FAQ's
About This Website
Privacy Policy
Sitemap