https://www.marine-events.co.uk/cookie-policy/
X
Home
Event Types
Your Choices
Luxury Sailing Experience Day
Luxury Performance Powerboat Day
Yacht Regatta Day – Racing Afloat
Combination Day – Sailing Yacht & Powerboat
Cowes Week Hospitality & Charter Days
This Summer’s Special Events
Film & TV Boating Specialisation
Overseas Incentives & Private Yacht Charters.
SailGP
America’s Cup
Boats
Sailing Yacht Charter – Our Fleet
Power Boat Charter – Our Fleet
Luxury Catamaran Charters – UK
Luxury Catamaran Charters – Caribbean
Cats
Luxury Catamaran Charters – UK
Luxury Catamaran Charters – Caribbean
Holiday Tuition and Preparation – Mono Hull to Catamaran
Buying a Catamaran- Try before you buy, help and advice.
Saltwater Fly Fishing Safari’s – BVI’s
Paddle boarding Safari – Solent
Venues
Gallery
Event Photos 2019
Event Photos 2018
Event Photos 2017
Event Photos 2016
Event Photos 2015
Event Photos 2014
Event Photos 2013
Event Photos 2012
Event Photos 2010
All Galleries
About us
News
Testimonials
FAQ’s
Contact
Cookie Policy
Executive Summary
We (Marine Events Ltd) use cookies to do 2 things:
Analytics – to understand site usage
Provide an excellent user experience (navigation, form fills, shortlists etc. – they briefly remember your data to use elsewhere in the site.)
All data we collect is anonymised, meaning there is no personally identifiable information.
3rd party content – When you visit a page with videos or social links, embedded from, for example, YouTube or Facebook, these third party service providers may set their own cookies. We do not control these so please check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
Our Cookies Policy
This Cookies Policy explains what cookies are and how our site uses cookies and also what you can do to manage your cookies.
Explain more please?
A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your browser by a web server, this file enables servers to identify and track browsers and their on site activity.
All data collected from our cookies is anonymous.
Our aim is to find out things such as the number of visitors to various parts of the website, the route people take, what web browsers are being used etc. This enables us to ensure we provide the best and smoothest website experience.
We make no attempt to find out the identities of those browsing our website and we do not associate any data gathered from visitors with any personal identifying information from other sources.
Where we use cookies
Statistics/analytics
We use Google Analytics which helps us understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies are usually deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain to remember your site preferences when you next log in.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in to remember you are logged in this prevents you from having to log in again and again. These cookies are typically cleared when you log out for security purposes.
Shortlists, wish lists & favourites
We do use cookies to remember the choices you have made at various stages when making shortlist or wish list selection of saving products to your favourites – once again these do not retain personal data.
Order processing related cookies
If this site offers e-commerce or payment facilities then some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Social media
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work these sites will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
General notes
The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address which is anonymised) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by those service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
We cannot control nor do we have access to any cookies placed on your computer by third party advertisers and sponsors.
Changing cookies?
It is possible to control cookies by adapting your browser settings, however be aware that in some instances elements of our site may not work:
If you still would like to remove cookies, you can do this by revoking cookies or amending your browser settings. Here is some help with that.
Contact details:
Email: info@marine-events.co.uk
Telephone: +44 (0) 1329 835000
Learn more about cookies
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website
Q&A: Dave Evans from the ICO on EU cookie law compliance, econsultancy.com
More Information
First Name*Last Name*Email address*
Contact NumberComments/messageWe will use the data you submit to fulfil your request. Privacy Policy.Marketing Consent
Please send me your special offers and update email. Privacy Policy.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Yacht of the Month
Moody 66 – ‘Odile’
Marine Events are delighted to announce that the Moody 66 will again be available for charter again this summer
Find out More ...
Recent News
Golley Slaters Annual Cowes Week Powerboat Day
Adelco’s Catamaran and Rib Day…in the September Sun
Subscribe to Updates
info@marine-events.co.uk
Home
Corporate Sailing and Powerboat Events
Boats
Venues
News
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
© 2020 Marine Events All rights reserved.
First Name:*Last Name:*Email*
We will use the data you submit to fulfil your request. Privacy Policy.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
We use cookies to enhance your experience whilst on our site, and improve our services by analysing our site traffic we also use them to enable social media features.
By closing this banner, scrolling
or clicking a link or continuing to browse you agree to the use of cookies.AcceptRefuseCookie Policy
Revoke cookies