http://www.appledore2.com/pages/terms-policies
Close menu
Home
Camden
Key West
Schooners
Charters
News
Covid 19 Advisory
Home
Camden
Key West
Schooners
Charters
News
Covid 19 Advisory
Terms & Policies
General Restrictions
We require a minimum of 1 hour in advance of departure to book tours online. Alternatively, you can contact our offices directly to inquire about short-term bookings.
All guests under 18 years of age must be accompanied by a parent or guardian.
Please refer to additional tour specific restrictions that are listed with each tour where applicable.
Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC Cancellation Policy
If your tour is cancelled due to the Captain’s discretion and/or weather then you will receive a full refund or option to re-book your tour on another date based on availability.
Guests cancelling their tour reservations 24 hours or more prior to departure are eligible to receive a full refund or can elect to re-book the tour on another date based on availability.
Guests cancelling their tour reservations less than 24 hours before departure are not eligible for a refund and will forfeit 100% of their payment.
Mercantile Products Return Policy
Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
Several types of goods are exempt from being returned such as perishable, hazardous, and personal care items. Gift cards are also not returnable.
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted (if applicable)
Any item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for reasons not due to our error
Books with obvious signs of use
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
Refunds (if applicable)
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds (if applicable)
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.
Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at info@keywestflorida.com.
Sale items (if applicable)
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges (if applicable)
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to exchange it for the same item, send us an email at info@keywestflorida.com.
Gifts
If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.
If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a refund to the gift giver and he will find out about your return.
Return Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: 205 Elizabeth Street, Unit I, Key West, FL 33040
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Privacy Policy
Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC web site and governs data collection and usage at all Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC Statement of Privacy. Keywestsebago.com is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.
Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce Web site, Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the keywestsebago.com Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC and its affiliates. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC or the public. Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control your Personal Information
Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may notify us of your preferences by emailing Info@keywestflorida.com. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records. You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list
Security of your Personal Information
Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through Verisign’s Payment Service.
Changes to this Statement
Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC will use your personal information, Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Schooner Exploration Associates of Maine LLC is protecting your information.