http://www.robllerwines.com/privacy-policy
Welcome
Who We Are
Wine Growing
Wines
Events
Visit Us
Back
Our Heritage
Our Team
Back
The Vineyard
The Cellar
Back
Rosé and Red Wines
White Wines
Fruity Wines
Where to Buy
Testimonials
Online Orders
Back
Book an Event
Events
Privacy policy  Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us on our site. I. What kind of information do we collect from you when you visit our site?When you visit “robllerwines.com”, our analytics tool from Google collects some basic information about your browser. Examples are things like what type of browser and operating system you're using; how long did you stay on our site; what pages did you look at, and so forth. This helps us understand how visitors browse our site, so that we can make their visit more relevant and the experience better. We also collect personal information about you when you complete a form, for example a contact for or event request. This information may include your name, address, postal code, phone number, etc. We need this information to process your event submission or reply to your contact form submission. II. We do not share your personal information. Under no circumstances will we share any personal information that we collect with any third parties or web sites. The information you give us is completely private and used solely for communicating with you. If you give us permission to send you marketing emails then we use your email for that purpose, but never does that email get sold or distributed to any other web site or list. III. Newsletter Opt-Out. If you have chosen to opt into our newsletter or marketing emails and decide to opt out, we have a simple unsubscribe form that will let you get off our email list.
IV. Consumer inquiries and privacy. If you have any questions about your privacy, or want to make changes to your profile, or get off our marketing list, simply send us an email. V. Protecting your information. All the payment information we collect is done so under SSL - a standard internet security measure. Any data that we store about you is kept behind a secure firewall in our database and is not accessible to the public in any way.