http://www.clos-henri.com/privacy-policy-and-cookies
Last day for Christmas Delivery is Friday 18th December – Delivery Included on purchases 6 bottles or over when you shop online here!
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerOur Story
In Brief
The Bourgeois Family
From Sancerre to Marlborough
Our Place
Terroir
Viticulture and Winemaking
Organics and Biodynamics
Our Team
Our Wines
Petit Clos
Bel Echo
Clos Henri
Distribution
Wine Club
Shop
logo
News & Events
Events
Journal
Contact Us
Gallery
Home / PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIESINTRODUCTION
During your visits to Clos Henri Vineyard internet site, you may be asked to provide us with ‘personal information’. We have developed the following Privacy Policy to describe when we collect personal information, what we use it for and who we may disclose it to, and to ensure that we comply with our obligations to you under the Privacy Act 1993. By providing personal information to us via this site you are consenting to its use in accordance with this policy.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you subscribe to our Wine Club, we will send you emails about Clos Henri, new products and other updates.
CONSENT
How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to subscribe to our Wine Club, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us by email or mailing us at:
Clos Henri Vineyard
PO box 535 – Blenheim 7240, Marlborough, New Zealand
DISCLOSURE
When you provide us with personal information, we are obliged to comply with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1993 (the “Act”). We will collect, hold, use and disclose that information in accordance with the principles set out in the Act. This means we will:
use personal information only for the purpose we collect it for;
retain that information only for so long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which we have collected it; and
disclose or release it to a third party only where we are required to or we are permitted by law to do so, if you have authorised the release or disclosure, or where it is the purpose (or a directly related purpose) for which the information was collected.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links: When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Our store uses the third party service Google Analytics to collect our website’s traffic data.
Website visitors who don’t want their data used by Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript running on the website to prohibit their information from being used by Google Analytics.
To opt-out of Analytics for the web, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser. For more details on installing and uninstalling the add-on, please see the relevant help resources for your specific browser.
Updates to your browser or operating system may affect the functionality of the opt-out add-on. Learn about managing add-ons for Chrome here. If you are not using Chrome, check directly with the manufacturer of your browser to determine whether add-ons will function properly on the browser version that you are using.
The latest versions of Internet Explorer sometimes load the Google Analytics opt-out add-on after sending data to Google Analytics. Therefore, if you are using Internet Explorer, the add-on will set cookies on your computer. These cookies ensure that any collected data is immediately deleted from the collection server. Please make sure that third party cookies aren’t disabled for your Internet Explorer browser. If you delete your cookies, the add-on will, within a short timeframe, reset these cookies to ensure that your Google Analytics browser add-on remains fully functional.
COOKIES
Cookies are data files stored on your computer after you access certain websites (“Cookies”). We use Cookies or similar files on our Site in order to facilitate your ongoing access, navigation and use of our Site, which may be stored on your computer. Here is a list of cookies that we use. We have listed them here so that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not:
age-gate
To remember that the Age Gate was entered by a single user in order to avoid it to appear again and to request the country & birthdate.
cookie-consent
To remember the single user consents to the use of cookies in order to avoid it appearing again.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
INFORMATION AND SECURITY
We have used all reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorised access to personal information, maintain data accuracy and ensure appropriate use of any personal information. However, you acknowledge that the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot prevent and are not responsible for, interception or &quot;hacking&quot; of information transmitted through this Site by unauthorised third parties.
The information we provide on the site is provided to you in good faith. If you purchase items from us, then at the time you place an order with us, you will be making an offer to purchase those items. We can accept or decline that in our discretion. Separate terms relating to the sale and purchase of those items will apply and you can access this information on our site.
We will do our best to ensure the site is available. We cannot guarantee that it will always be uninterrupted or that your access will be error free, or that any files available for download will be error free or free from viruses, faults or defects.
Links or reference to other websites are provided for your convenience only. Other websites are not under our control. We have not reviewed them and we do not endorse or assume responsibility for the contents of other websites.
If you wish to link to this website you should request our permission. To do so, contact us at the address set out above.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The material on this site is subject to copyright and intellectual property rights belonging to us and third parties. You must comply with the rules regarding the use of intellectual property, particularly copyright. You may not use the material in a misleading way and you must not use any of our trademarks or our company logo in any other way without our permission.
GENERAL
Nothing in these terms affects any rights you may have under the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993.
New Zealand Law governs this site.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer or by mail at:
Clos Henri Vineyard
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
PO box 535 – Blenheim 7240, Marlborough, New Zealand
Footer Shipping Information
Distribution
Estate Map
Clos Henri Limited
52/OFF/045/2019
Expiry: 29th November 2022
Click here to view our Off License
639 State Highway 63, RD 1,
Blenheim 7271, Marlborough, New Zealand
Tel: +64 3 572 7923
EMAIL: contact@closhenri.com
Tasting Room hours
Monday - Saturday
10am - 4pm
Bookings & Enquiries
cellardoor@closhenri.com
Join Our Wine Club Here
Facebook Twitter Instagram
X
By continuing to browse this website you agree to our use of cookies. You can find out more about our Privacy and Cookie policy once you have entered the site.Ok