https://www.ambassadorguides.com/privacy-policy/
Guided Tours
Fishing Excursions
Experience Lake Powell
2020
Houseboat Fishing 2020
Rates
Reservation Form
Lake Powell Info
Fishing Reports
Recent Catches
Lake Powell Lodging
Dining in Page, AZ
Area Information
Miscellaneous Info
Capt. Bill’s Fishing Tips
Fishing Tips
Recommended Equipment
Ambassador Guides Newsletter
Testimonials
Reviews
TripAdvisor Reviews
Photos
Photo Gallery
Fishing Videos
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Ambassador Guides Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from us. Our website address is: https://www.ambassadorguides.com. (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you fill out our Contact Form, we collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, and Zip/Postal Code as a requirement for contact. You may volunteer to include your Phone number, Country and Interest only if you so desire. We refer to this information as “Contact Information.”
If you choose to sign up for our newsletter, we collect information from you, including your name, email address and location. We refer to this information as “Newsletter Subscriber Information.”
We do not process any credit card or other payment information through the website. Arrangements to collect any further data, such as payment data, and arrival date are arranged offline via phone and/or email. This information is held for bookkeeping and payment processing.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about Device Information, Contact Information and Newsletter Subscriber Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Contact Information that we collect generally to communicate with you, and in the case of your opt-in or sign-up for our newsletter, we use the to send you’re the newsletter via email.
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use MailChimp.com for processing our newsletter mailing list. You may opt-out of the newsletter list by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter or by contacting us at info@ambassadorguides.com. You may view MailChimp’s Privacy Policy at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Posts on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through our Contact Form or by using the contact information listed below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make a booking reservation through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you contact us through the Site, we will maintain your Contact Information for our records unless and until you ask us to change or delete this information. If you sign-up for our newsletter, the information is maintained in a database on our mailing list processor, currently MailChimp.com. Your information on that list is maintained for newsletter emails unless you unsubscribe via the link at the bottom of each newsletter email or until you contact us directly and ask us to change or delete this infomation.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Notice of these changes will be emailed to any opt-in contacts or available on the website at https://www.ambassadorguides.com/privacy-policy/
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@ambassadorguides.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Ambassador Guides, Inc., P.O. Box 545, Page, AZ, 86040, United States
Popular PostsCapt Bill's Fishing Tips
Discounts and Specials
Fishing Reports
Gallery
Lake Powell Info
Other
Recent Catches
Slides
Click image for TripAdvisor reviewsSuccessful TripVicki bags a nice fish, you can too!See More Book Your Fishing TripAmbassador Guides Services Inc.
928-606-5829 or 928-606-0933
Fax: 928-714-7860
findadventure@lakepowellfishing.net
P.O. Box 545
Page, Arizona 86040