https://www.k9web.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Dogs 101
Dog Supplies
Dog Health
Training
Behaviors
Activities
Breeds
Menu
Dogs 101
Dog Supplies
Dog Health
Training
Behaviors
Activities
Breeds
We wrote this document to let you know how important your privacy is to us. We also hope it shows that we truly value transparency and openness. Please read this page carefully before using our site further.
First, we’d like to share a little about us. K9 Web is based in Brooklyn, New York, and is targeted to U.S. visitors. K9 Web is independently owned and operated. We are 100% independent — no big corporation has its muddy paws on us.
Our mission is to give you the best information and resources possible so you can provide a long, happy life for your pet. To do that, we may show you content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and third parties. Below, we explain exactly what information we collect from you, how we use that information, how long we keep it and what choices you have about it.
We believe you should have tools to control your information. Our website incorporates privacy controls that you can use to control how we collect your personal data. You can access these privacy controls via the table labeled “Privacy Controls” near the end of this page.
By continuing to use K9Web.com, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
What Personal Information We Collect, How We Collect It and What We Do With It
1. Technical data
First of all, when you visit K9Web.com, even for the very first time, we may automatically log certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information can include your IP address, web browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of our service, to maintain quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding use of the K9Web.com website. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Your browser most likely offers a way to view websites more anonymously. For example, Incognito Mode in Google Chrome allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser history. Cookies are deleted after you’ve closed all of your Incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about cookies below.
2. Aggregated analytical data
We also keep track of the pages our users visit within K9Web.com in order to determine which of our pages and services are the most popular. We use Google Analytics for this purpose. It gathers information that allows us to understand interactions with our website and ultimately refine that experience to better serve you. We are not able to see any data that personally identifies you, such as a name, email address or billing information. You can opt out here.
3. Social sharing data
We use some social sharing plugins, which allow you to share certain pages of our website on social media. These plugins place cookies so that you can correctly view how many times a page has been shared.
4. Contact data
If you choose to leave a comment beneath one of our articles, you share your email address with us. We use a third-party comment-sharing platform called WordPress, which may create a profile for you. Your email address is never shown publicly on K9 Web unless you share it in a public comment, which we strongly advise against doing.
Rest assured, you won’t ever get any spammy emails from us just because you leave a comment on our site, and we’ll never sell or distribute your email address. Your email address remains private — period. We keep it on file for as long as your comment remains on our site.
If you have trouble figuring out how to delete your comment, feel free to contact us and we’ll help you. We’ll first need to verify that the comment belongs to you. Once we do that, we’re happy to delete it if you wish.
5. Marketing and communications data
If you opt in to our email list, we keep your email address on file so that we can send you our emails. We use a third-party email service called MailChimp. When you consent through one of the signup forms on our site, your email address, IP address, and other information are sent securely to MailChimp for the purposes of K9 Web sending you emails and tracking when we have sent you emails, whether or not you have opened those emails, and whether or not you have clicked any links in our emails.
You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email you receive from K9 Web. For more, see the MailChimp Privacy Policy.
If you ever email us, or reply to one of our emails, we will keep the content of your message, your email address and your contact information to respond to your request. If you have used our contact form, our website will generate metadata associated with the communications, such as your IP address. We will delete all of this information upon your request.
We won’t ever email you to ask for your password or other account information. If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
We Use Cookies
Please note that our website uses “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can be read only by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
For more detailed information about how we use cookies, please review the “Use of Cookies” section below.
Information From Third Parties
We occasionally receive information about you from third parties as set out below:
Analytics providers such as Google
Advertising networks such as Facebook
Search information providers such as Google AdWords
Third-Party Embeds
Some of the content on K9 Web is not hosted by us. These “embeds” are hosted by a third-party and embedded in our website. For example: YouTube videos and Instagram posts that appear within a page of our content. These files send data to the hosted site just as if you were visiting that site directly. K9 Web does not control what data third parties collect in cases like this, or what they will do with it. So, third-party embeds on K9 Web are not covered by this Privacy Policy. They are covered by the privacy policy of the third-party service.
Non-Personal Information
We share or disclose non-personal data, such as aggregated information like the total number of times people viewed an article on our site, the number of people who clicked on a particular link, or how many people saw or clicked on an ad.
Security of Your Personal Information
K9Web.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We use encryption (HTTPS/TLS) to protect data transmitted to and from our site. However, no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee security. You use our site and services at your own risk, and you’re responsible for taking reasonable measures to secure your account.
If you leave a comment or a forum post on our site, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from K9Web.com so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites other than our own.
We will never sell or distribute any personal or contact information we collect about you. We do not sell, rent or lease our customer lists to third parties.
K9 Web will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
K9 Web uses third-party vendors and hosting partners, such as SiteGround and Cloudflare, for hardware, software, networking, storage and related technology we need to run our site. When you use or interact with any of our services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Although we are a U.S.-based website intended for users located in the United States, K9 Web may process information related to individuals who are in the EU/European Economic Area. We may transfer that information from the EU/EEA to the United States or any other country where we have facilities. By using our services, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country.
If you are located in the EU/EEA, you can request access to the information we hold about you. We’ll usually share this with you within 30 days of you asking us for it. The first time is free, and additional requests may incur a reasonable processing fee. You may also request modification or deletion of your personal data.
Use of Cookies
One way that we collect information from you is through the use of cookies. When you go online, you use a program called a “browser” (like Apple Safari or Google Chrome). Most websites store a small amount of text in the browser — and that text is called a “cookie.”
Cookies provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses and so on. When you return to our website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
We use cookies to make K9 Web better. For example, these cookies tell us how many people use a certain feature and how popular it is, or whether people open an email we send.
We also use cookies to help advertisers understand who sees and interacts with their ads, and who visits their website or purchases their products.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our website. Most browsers let you block “third-party cookies,” which are cookies from sites other than the one you’re visiting.
Our website may also use small pieces of software code called “web beacons” (“pixel tags”) to collect anonymous and aggregate data, such as counting page views or advertising responses. A web beacon is an electronic image constructed from a single-pixel or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information, such as your IP address, cookie number, time and date of a page view, and description of the page where the web beacon is placed. You may render some web beacons unusable if you choose to reject their associated cookies.
Advertising Cookies and Web Beacons
Here’s the deal. We have to make money at K9 Web to keep our website running, pay our writers for their work and provide free, high-quality resources to our users. We want to deliver ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to pay our bills. For example, if you visit a page about dog food (or have visited one in the past), you may see an ad for a brand of dog food.
Third-party vendors, such as Google through the AdSense program, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to K9Web.com or other websites. This use of advertising cookies enables these vendors to serve ads to you based on your visit to this site and/or other sites on the internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
If you click on an ad or external link, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from K9 Web, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach. That entity may also collect other personal data from you, such as cookie identifiers or your IP address.
K9 Web’s advertising partners include:
Google: K9Web.com collects data about your activities that does not personally or directly identify you when you visit our website, the website of entities for which we serve advertisements (our “Advertisers”), or the websites and online services where we display advertisements (“Publishers”). This information may include the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address. We use the information we collect to serve you more relevant advertisements (referred to as “Retargeting”). We collect information about where you saw the ads we serve you and what ads you clicked on. You can opt out by visiting Google’s Ads Settings or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Amazon: K9 Web is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
Our other advertising partners may include:
Freestar
Media.net
ShareASale
Pepperjam
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo. You may find Criteo’s privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint’s privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp’s privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp’s targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne’s privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M. You may find District M’s privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo. You may find YieldMo’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon’s privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services’ privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX. You may find OpenX’s privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift. You may find TripleLift’s privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift’s services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange’s privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn. You may find Sovrn’s privacy policy through this link.
GumGum. You may find GumGum’s privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users’ browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy’s privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid’s privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers’; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent – You may find RevContent’s privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent’s data collection.
Centro, Inc. – You may find Centro’s privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro’s services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc. – You may find 33Across’s privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant. LLC – You may find Conversant’s privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide our services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can’t identify you.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. See more here.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this Privacy Policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or at a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy,” and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On this Privacy Policy page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us or using the Privacy Controls in the table below.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
Some internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. There currently is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Therefore, like many websites and online services, we do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from your browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” visit this page.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
Yes, we do allow third-party behavioral tracking, which we described above.
Does our site share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes?
No, K9 Web does not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, unless we give you a choice (opt in or opt out) before sharing with those third parties.
Children Under 13
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
K9 Web does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send you our emails (only if we have first obtained your permission)
We collect this information from you when you fill out a form or enter information on our site.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can unsubscribe using the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email we send you, or contact us using our Contact Page, and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Change of Ownership
In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your personal data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal data as transferred to the new entity.
Privacy Controls
At K9 Web, we believe that the best user experience is a personalized one. Here are some ways you can control your experience:
CONTROL
LINKS
View K9 Web without recording webpages and files in your browser.
Use your browser’s “private” setting, such as Incognito in Chrome
View, manage and/or delete cookies in your browser.
Chrome, Safari, Explorer, Firefox
Prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics.
Opt-Out Add-On
Unsubscribe from our emails if you opted in.
Unsubscribe link at bottom of email
We attempt to match the advertising you see on K9 Web with your interests based on your online activities and expressed preferences. Manage each interest or opt out of personalized advertising.
Ad Choices or Opt Out
Any other questions or concerns you may have.
Contact Us
Changes to This Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this page to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Contact Information
Email Address:
Contact Us
Popular Topics
Dog FAQs
Dog Health
Dog Supplies
Dog Training
More InformationAbout K9 Web
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
x