http://www.scotch-whisky.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to the content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy And Cookie Policy
The Scotch Whisky Association is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our services or website. In this policy, we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products to our website or add or change services. This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. We will make every effort to inform you of any changes.Your privacy is of the greatest importance to us and we will never release your personal information to any outside company for mailing or marketing purposes.You should only submit personal information through this website if you have read and understood this Privacy Policy. Before you proceed with navigating around our website, if you have any queries relating to this Privacy Policy, or do not understand it, please contact:info@swa.org.uk by email or call +44 (0)131 222 9258 between 9am - 5pm (GMT) Mon-Fri.
What personal data do we collect and how do we use it?
(a) Data you provide to us:
The Scotch Whisky Association collects and processes information about you in order to be able to provide the services or information that you have requested.
We collect the information when you register with us, ask us to contact you, request services or information. Collected information could include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, address.
We will use the information you have provided to fulfil our contractual obligations in relation to providing the goods or services you have requested or where no contract exists, our legitimate business interests in providing you with information you have requested.We will also send you details of our products, services or information that we believe may be of interest to you where you have "opted in" to receiving such information from us. If at any time you do not wish to receive this information, please email us at info@swa.org.uk. Otherwise, click on the "unsubscribe" link in any of the emails received from us.We will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
You are under no obligation to provide any information, but if you do not then we may not be able to provide you with certain services or personalise your experience and tailor our services for you.
(b) CookiesCookies are small text files containing information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit certain web pages. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.Our website uses the following categories of cookies:"Session cookies" - these keep track of you while you navigate our website,and will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about use of our website such as number of new visitors to our website, how long visitors spend browsing our website and which pages they viewed by means of cookies which are stored on users' computers.You can find out more about Google Analytics here: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/If you prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from our website, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone's manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Most browsers allow you to reject cookies. Blocking cookies can have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including our website. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.If you leave click through to another website from our website, that third party website may also use cookies. We recommend you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.Where our website contains links to other websites, this privacy policy will not apply to those third-party websites. When you link through to another website you should read the privacy policy which applies to that website.To learn more about the Cookies please see www.aboutcookies.org.ukHere is a list of the main Cookies used by The Scotch Whisky Association and what they are used for:
Name of Cookie
Purpose of Cookie
More Information
Google Analytics
Collects information about how visitors use our site in an anonymous form, including number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site
Google Analytics Privacy Policy.
You can choose to opt out of Google Analytics
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Twitter Cookies
Features for sharing via Twitter
Twitter Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
LinkedIn Cookies
Features for sharing via LinkedIn
Linked In Privacy Policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Instagram Cookies
Features for sharing via Instagram
Instagram Privacy Policy: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Security
We place a great importance on the security of all information received by us. We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. For example, only authorised personnel have access to user information that is protected by strong passwords together with up-to-date firewalls and anti-virus software. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Where is the information stored?
We use Rackspace as our hosting provider which hold all of our websites. Rackspace is one of the leading providers and are adhering to all GDPR regulations - https://www.rackspace.com/en-gb/gdpr. This is necessary in order to process the information and to send you any information you have requested. Information submitted by you may be transferred by us to our other offices and/or, to reputable third-party suppliers, which may be situated outside the European Union, in which case we will implement appropriate security measures. Not all countries outside the EU have data protection or privacy laws.
How long do we keep your data?
We keep personal data until you indicate that you no longer wish to receive information from us.
Comments / Subject Access Requests
Your rights in relation to any of your personal data we process are:(a) the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you;(b) a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete;(c) in certain circumstances, a right to request that we erase the data from our records;(d) in certain circumstances, the right to restrict our processing of the data;(e) in certain circumstances a right to have the data we hold transferred to another organisation;(f) a right to object to certain types of processing;(g) a right to object to purely automated decision making, including profiling;(h) a right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office or any other supervisory authority in an EU member state where any alleged breach of your rights has occurredIf you have any questions, concerns or comments about our Privacy Policy or wish to exercise one of your rights set out above please contact us at eitherE-Mail: info@swa.org.ukorAddress: The Scotch Whisky Association, 1st Floor, Quartermile 2, 2 Lister Square, Edinburgh EH3 9GL, UK
Complaints
We are committed to ensuring that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly and securely. If you have any questions or concerns about the way in which we process your data please contact us at the address above and we will attempt to resolve any issues you have. If you remain unsatisfied you can contact the Information Commissioner's Office
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies