http://www.ohioturnpike.org/privacy_policy
E-ZPass®
E-ZPass Hub
E-ZPass Retail Locations
Fare Calculator
E-ZPass FAQ
Forms & Policies
Contact Us
Travelers
Turnpike Map
Fare Calculator
Attractions
Service Plazas
Fuel Prices
Overnight Parking For RVs/Travel Trailers
Tour Bus Pre-Notification
Electric Vehicle Charging
Refund Request
Property Damage Claim
Construction
Lodging Guide
Map Request
Safe Driving Tips
2020-2021 SNOW & ICE SEASON
Truckers
Fare Calculator
Turnpike Map
Service Plazas
Tiffin River
Wyandot
Commodore Perry
Vermilion Valley
Towpath
Brady's Leap
Glacier Hills
Mahoning Valley
Portage
Great Lakes
Middle Ridge
Erie Islands
Blue Heron
Indian Meadow
Permits
Special Hauling Permit FAQ
Construction Zones
Refund Request
Map Request
Business
Investor Relations
Investor Relations Contact
Doing Business with Us
Vendor Login
Construction Projects
Ohio Turnpike Standard Construction Drawings
Bid Invitations
Bid Submission Form
RFPS
Engineering Services
Property Disposals
Ethics Policy
Financial Statement
Utility Permits
Advertise with Us
2015 Disparity Study Info
Office of Equity and Inclusion
About Us
2020 Commission Meetings
Meeting Dates
Meeting Archives
Commission/Staff
Annual Reports
General FAQ
Careers
History
Contact Us
Comment Form – General Inquiries
Performance Metrics
Safety
Quality of Work Life
Customer Experience
System Conditions
Financial Stewardship
Media
News Releases
Customer Connection Newsletter
ODOT / Turnpike Mitigation Program
Video Links Library
In The Community
Storm Water
Storm Water Requests
Noise Mitigation
Request a Speaker
W82TXT Video Contest Winners
Alerts
Traffic Alerts Construction ZonesRestrictions Weather ForecastFuel Prices
Turnpike Emergencies
Cell Phone Users Dial #677
Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission 682 Prospect Street
Berea, Ohio 44017-2799
(440) 234-2081 Contact Us
OUR MISSION:
To be the industry leader in providing safe and efficient transportation services to our customers, communities and partners.
Privacy Policy
Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission
Account Privacy Policy
E-ZPass Transponder Accounts and ohioturnpike.org
This “Privacy Policy” of the Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission (the “Ohio Turnpike” “we” “us” or “our”) outlines how your personally identifiable information (your “Customer Information”) may be collected, used, and shared in connection with your access to or use of our site OhioTurnpike.org (the “Site”) and any E-ZPass transponder (“Transponder”) account, as well as what information we may collect through any third-party application or third-party sites, social networks, or social media sites (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google, etc., collectively “Applications”). This Privacy Policy also describes your choices and rights regarding the use, access, and correction or deletion of your Customer Information. By visiting our Site and/or using a Transponder account you consent to the use of your Customer Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may also be asked to provide clear and unequivocal affirmative consent to the collection, processing, and sharing of your Customer Information via opt-in procedures. This Site is owned and operated by the Ohio Turnpike, and this Privacy Policy only applies to Customer Information obtained by the Ohio Turnpike in connection with or related to your use of the Site and/or Transponder account.
General Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect Customer Information when you use our Site and when you create a Transponder account. Sometimes you may submit it to us yourself.  Other times, it may be collected automatically.
Information Collected When You Use Our Site or Create a Transponder Account
Your Customer Information may be collected, used, and shared. As detailed below, the type of Customer Information collected may vary based on how it was gathered, but may include, among other things, your name, email address, and other information that you voluntarily submit (e.g., when setting up a Transponder account, you may submit your contact information and/or credit card information), information automatically collected about your usage of our Site that does not include personally identifiable information (e.g., the content that you choose to view and how you interact), and information about you that third parties may share with us if such third parties have previously received your consent to do so.
The Ohio Turnpike does not collect or process any data regarding race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union memberships; genetic or biometric data; health or mortality; sexual orientation.
Voluntary Submission
The Ohio Turnpike may collect Customer Information that is voluntarily provided by you or with your permission. For example, we may ask you for information, such as your name and e-mail address, when you register to receive our e-newsletter.
Third-Party Websites
This Site may contain links to websites not owned or controlled by the Ohio Turnpike. The Ohio Turnpike does not have any control over these third-party websites and does not endorse them. We encourage you to be aware of third-party websites and their privacy policies, as we are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of third-party websites.
Web Beacons
The Ohio Turnpike may contain electronic images known as web beacons (invisible images often referred to as pixel tags or clear GIFs) on the Site in order to recognize users, assess traffic patterns, identify preferred content, and measure Site engagement. We may also include web beacons in our e-mail messages, including e-newsletters, in order to count how many e-mail messages have been opened, for example.
Log Files
The Ohio Turnpike’s servers log information about your IP address, your browser type, and the current URL you are requesting. This information is always provided by your browser and automatically logged. These log files are stored in a secure location and used in our internal analysis of traffic patterns.
Cookies and Similar Tools
A cookie is a small data file that is written to a computer's hard drive by a web browser. A cookie file can automatically collect information, such as a user identification code or IP address that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited. The data read from these cookies may be linked to personally identifying (PII) and non-personally identifying (non-PII) information.
We and our partners may use cookies and similar technologies on the Site to personalize and optimize your browsing experience by: providing you tailored content, enabling social media features, safeguarding against spam and malware, analyzing trends, traffic, and user behavior, administering the website, gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole, tracking analytics throughout the Site, remembering preferences and voluntarily-submitted information (e.g. name, email), performing location-related functionalities and analytics, participating in market research (e.g., website ratings), and educating the Ohio Turnpike about how we can continue to improve the Site.
Cookies fall into the subcategories below.
Essential Cookies. Certain cookies are used for specific purposes that are essential to your secure use and navigation of the Site. Without them, the Ohio Turnpike may not be able to provide core Site functions and features to you, and the Site would not operate as well as you or the Ohio Turnpike would like. These cookies collect and use information such as your server preferences, single-session data and corresponding identifier, web beacons and log files, and other credential-related information. Essential cookies also help inform the Ohio Turnpike whether you require, or have already been served, an affirmative consent request in connection with our data policies. Essential cookies also include analytics cookies, which provide us data that allows the Ohio Turnpike to better understand its users and improve the Site based on what we have learned from that data.
Preference Cookies. Other cookies are used to collect and process information about your preferences and similar choices in connection with the Site in order to optimize your browsing experience. Preference cookies may include social media cookies, which collect information about your social media usage and other data you may have provided in connection with such usage (if you access the Site through a social media website or mobile application, you may have social media cookies). If you wish to modify or change your social media cookies, please visit and review the settings related to your applicable social media account(s).
Advertising Cookies. To help support the Site and further tailor your experience, the Ohio Turnpike and certain of their third party providers, (e.g. Google) may also use cookies on the Site to personalize the content you may be shown. Some advertisements may use advertising cookies to provide targeted advertisements that may be more consistent with your interests than non-targeted advertisements. The Ohio Turnpike does not provide user information to third parties except in connection with the Site or as required by law.
Analytics
Services providing analytic tools (“Analytic Services”), including without limitation Google Analytics®, are being used with this Site which transmits website traffic data to servers in the United States. Analytic Services do not collect personal information, identify individual users, or associate your IP address with any other data. We do not share any personally identifiable information with our Analytic Services in connection with their performing of any services on our Site.  We use reports provided by Analytic Services to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
Use of Your Information
Your Customer Information may be used for the purposes outlined below:
To Provide Communications to You
From time to time we may provide e-mails highlighting new features, promotions, or content on the Site to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications.
Sharing of Information
You may be requested to voluntarily provide certain Customer Information during your use of our Site. If you choose to do so, that Customer Information may be shared with the Ohio Turnpike and its affiliates as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other web-based services for the Ohio Turnpike.
The Ohio Turnpike uses third parties to provide e-mail messaging and hosting services for the Site and Transponder accounts. When you sign up for an account, we will share your Customer Information as necessary for the third party to provide services related to your account. These third parties are prohibited from using your Customer Information for any other purpose. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to create a Transponder account.
As Necessary to Provide Information or Services
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, processing Transponder account transactions, or performing statistical analysis. We provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service. In some instances, these companies may collect information directly from you and you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider. Such companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
As Required By Law
The Ohio Turnpike may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law, investigate fraud or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, or to protect and defend the rights of the Ohio Turnpike.
The Ohio Turnpike will not process your Customer Information without a lawful basis to do so. In general, the Ohio Turnpike will process your Customer Information on the legal bases of consent, contract (if you have entered into an agreement with us and such processing is a necessary part thereof), or legal obligation (as noted above).
How We Protect Your Information
Your information may be stored on servers owned and operated by the Ohio Turnpike and its affiliates or by cloud/software service providers (“SaaS Services”) and located in the United States. Our SaaS Services are committed to using industry standard physical, electronic, and organizational safeguards to protect information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect individuals’ privacy and to employing security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access.
However, it must be noted that "perfect security" does not exist today. If you are concerned that your privacy may have been breached, please contact us.
Additional Privacy Considerations
See below for additional privacy considerations:
Third Party Policies
You should review the privacy policies of any third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties. Please contact each third party provider directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies or the information they require for you to complete any transaction.
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS)
The Ohio Turnpike currently accepts VISA, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express credit cards as authorized payment methods for billing purposes for certain of its Transponder accounts. You must provide a primary payment method to establish a prepaid or commercial Transponder account. An optional secondary payment method is recommended and will only be charged if the primary method fails. All payment transactions are processed by our third party payment processor, Transcore, LP, in adherence to PCI-DSS, and other applicable standards.  The Ohio Turnpike does not collect, store, or directly process any payment method or card information. The Ohio Turnpike at its sole election may discontinue support for any payment method or it may support additional payment methods (ex. Apple Pay, Google Wallet or Amazon Payments).
Children’s Online Privacy Information
CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (“COPPA”) NOTIFICATION - This Site is not designed for persons under the age of 13 and the Ohio Turnpike does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We are not responsible for any access or use of the Site by children or minors under the age of 13.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by means of a notice on the Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and to review our most current Privacy Policy.
Contacting Data Controller
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or how to remove or modify your user information or related consents, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at recordrequest@ohioturnpike.org or the mailing address below. Our mailing address is:
The Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission
Attention:  GENERAL COUNSEL/DATA PRIVACY OFFICER
682 Prospect St.
Berea, OH 44017
The Ohio Turnpike and Infrastructure Commission will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.  © Copyright 2020. All Rights Reserved.