http://www.lockwoodpublications.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Lockwood Publications and Lockwood Trade Journals Co., publisher of Tea & Coffee Trade Journal, Tobacco International, Tobacco Products International, Smokeshop Magazine and Smoke Magazine, respects our subscribers’ right to privacy. Personally identifiable information is collected on our web site only when voluntarily provided by the user. This information is used to deliver requested items such as magazine subscriptions, newsletters, industry event updates and electronic notifications.
Cookies help track a person’s session while online.
Cookies are especially necessary when ordering products online.
They are not related to any personally identifiable information and are not used to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies.
However, doing this may prevent some areas of the site to function properly especially while ordering a subscription.
Subscriptions purchased on any of our sites are directed through a secure server to protect your personal and financial information.
Other information collected on our sites is not personally identifiable.
This information allows us to tract general patterns such as platform usage and site traffic.
Lockwood Publications and Lockwood Trade Journals Co., do not rent, sell, or otherwise make available to third-parties the personally-identifiable information collected on our web site without your express permission.
Occasionally, Lockwood Publications makes portions of its magazine subscription mailing list available to reputable companies or organizations whose industry products or services we feel may be of interest to you.
Many of our subscribers find this to be a valuable service.
If you would prefer to not receive these mailings, please send a request by mail to Lockwood Customer Service,
PO BOX 424, Congers, NY 10920 or electronically at Lockwood Customer Service.
Please allow at least 8 weeks for your request to take effect.
If you have questions regarding Lockwood Publications Privacy Policy, please email us at info@lockwoodpublications.com