http://www.whitehouseclub.org.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Loading...
Privacy and Cookie Policy
An overview of our Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policyadmin2018-05-21T11:06:36+00:00
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Board of WH Members Company Ltd. (the White House club) is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information and complying with the requirements of data protection legislation.
This document gives you information on the personal information we hold, when and how we collect  it, how we use it and how we keep it secure.
The information you share with us enables us to maintain our truly wonderful club as a family naturist club, and to deliver to you efficient services to maintain your membership should you decide to join us.
How we collect personal information
Our source of personal information about you is the information that you provide when you complete an application for membership.   If you join the club, then we request additional information such as car registration details and emergency contact details – it is your choice to share this information with us and you  are given an opportunity annually – or more frequently if you wish – to review and update it.
As a club affiliated to British Naturism, we occasionally receive names, membership numbers and location of individuals where this is relevant to us.
Types of information we collect
Applicants: name, contact details, date of birth, gender, marital status, occupation, together with a photo – if an applicant is accepted they are also required to provide proof of identity and address.
Members: as for applicants, plus car registration numbers, emergency contact, next of kin, offers of help, and (for paying by direct debit) bank account details.
Shareholders: certificate number(s), share number(s), name and address, date of issue, date of sale if no longer valid.
Directors & Officers: the statutory information required by Companies House.
How we use your information
a) for assessing the suitability of applicants to join the club
b) to support the running of the club including the collection of fees, planning, communicating with members, maintenance of facilities, running club events, identifying individuals who may be able to assist with running the club, identifying former members who may be interested in rejoining.
c) to support statutory requirements of a limited company.
d) to respond to questions from shareholders and former shareholders regarding their shareholding.
e) exceptionally, to advise British Naturism and where relevant other naturist clubs affiliated to British Naturism of the name and contact details of an individual whose behaviour gives us serious cause for concern.
How we protect your information
We adopt robust information security arrangements to ensure that the information you share with us is kept secure from unauthorised access and improper use. Your application form details are deleted from our computer systems once your application has been assessed (although paper copies are maintained in a locked location for reference).
If you join the club, then those personal details needed to maintain your membership are loaded onto our secure members’ website and all backup copies are protected by secure encryption. Apart from yourself, only Directors and club officers have access to your information.
E-mail correspondence from Board members and club officers to members disclosing only their e-mail address and name is normally saved in one of the club’s e-mail accounts (but may sometimes be sent from the personal account of a Director or club officer) and copies of written correspondence are held in files in the club office with electronic versions saved on the club members’ web site, accessible only by Board members and club officers.
When you cease to be a member, unless you ask us not to do so, we retain your information for a year so that if you change your mind your account can be set up quickly – thereafter we delete all your personal electronic information other than contact details and your photo, so we can identify you if and when you decide to rejoin. We also retain notes of your joining and leaving dates and details of any share certificates you may have held.
Access to information
Club members have access to the members’ web site where they can view their personal information and update it directly. They are also provided annually with a download of information and requested to amend any that has changed.
Any Board member or club officer receiving a request for access to information directs the request to the Chairman or Company Secretary who responds to the request. If the data subject requests deletion of their personal information, this is complied with unless the Company has a legal obligation to retain it or it is required to fulfil the contract with the individual.
Cookie Policy
In this section, we will explain what cookies are, what cookies are used on this website and how you can enable or disable cookies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages.
Cookies have many uses, such as…
Keeping products stored in your shopping cart when you’re using online shops.
Remembering websites that you wish to remain logged into.
Helping websites owners track website usage and performance.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
The different types of cookies we use on this website:
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics which tracks and reports website traffic. It allows us to review the performance of the site so we can make future improvements and changes. The data captured shows how long visitors spend on the website and the pages that they visit. All the information is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
WordPress
Our blog is powered by WordPress. If you post a comment on our blog, WordPress will set three cookies so that you won’t need to re-type all your information again when you want to leave another comment. For more information on WordPress cookies, see the official WordPress page.
Managing cookies:
What happens if I don’t allow cookies?
If cookies aren’t enabled on your device, your experience on this website may be limited.
How do I disable or enable cookies?
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your device (see your browser or device support documents to find out how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will likely affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit.
Further information:
If you have further questions regarding cookie usage on our website, please contact us and we’ll be happy to help.