http://www.internetflyin.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Internet Fly In
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At Internet Fly In, accessible from http://www.internetflyin.com/ one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Internet Fly In and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at helpcenter@internetflyin.com
Log Files
Internet Fly In follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Internet Fly In uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Internet Fly In.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Internet Fly In, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Internet Fly In has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
Internet Fly In’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Internet Fly In does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy (created with the GDPR Privacy Policy Generator) applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Internet Fly In. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
about us
random posts
Pets in Human Lives: A Gift and Purpose
Why Hire Limousine Service than Taking a Taxi?
Why Institutions Need a Quality and Reliable Fenci...
How to Know if There Are Termites in Your Home?
Should You Shave or Should You Wax?
recent comments
Recent Posts
Should You Shave or Should You Wax?
Why Institutions Need a Quality and Reliable Fencing System
Pets in Human Lives: A Gift and Purpose
Why Hire Limousine Service than Taking a Taxi?
How to Know if There Are Termites in Your Home?
Recent Comments
Alpine Limousine Service, Inc.Arlenne G. November 28, 2017I am an Account Coordinator who handles travel itineraries for my team at Havas Worldwide. I am writing this email to compliment one of your employees, J. Lang, for the excellent service he provided me today. A request came in from high level executives traveling in Chicago pertaining to a driver named David. David was assigned […]Igal A. – Darcel. Inc November 28, 2017In the midst of this crazy weather that we are experiencing it was a pleasure to see that Alpine Limousine was there ahead of schedule to pick me up from the airport.  They were one of the only ones that were working on this day.  My flight was one of the only airlines that arrived […]Ashtyn F. – Shaw Contract Group – Territory Manager November 28, 2017I had an excellent experience with my car service on Sunday, November 4th. I had an incredibly pleasant and helpful driver. I had a lot of luggage with me because I was moving in to my apartment and could not get in to the apartment for at least 15 minutes upon arrival. My driver waited […]Keith November 28, 2017Funny….I went on a short vacation with my wife a few weeks back and got an airport pick up. Made me think of you guys and the great service I had each morning during my TODAY Show days. Hope business is well for you. Please say hello to my old driver. The post Keith appeared […]Vivian Lord Alge and family November 28, 2017Dear Carol..As a long non-commercial  customer, our family has always ejoyed the professional attention of your service regarding all our transportation needs. Thank you for your update on increased service values. Wishing you all at Alpine a prosperous New Year… Cordially, The post Vivian Lord Alge and family appeared first on Alpine Limousine Service, Inc.. Archives
February 2020
March 2019
December 2018
September 2018
Categories
dog grooming virginia beach
Fencing
Taking a Taxi
Termites
Uncategorized
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress