http://www.20-ghost.org/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") govern your use of the website (this "Site") of the 20-Ghost Club, and any services contained within the Site. These Terms and Conditions include our Privacy Policy.
By using or downloading any materials from this Site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. In addition, you agree to the applicable Supplemental Terms by using or downloading materials from that Additional Service.
Copyrighted information
Please note that the pages on the Site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.
Unless otherwise noted, all information, text, articles, data, images, documents (as defined below), software or other materials (collectively hereinafter referred to as the "Materials") contained on any page within this Site are copyrighted by the 20-Ghost Club or a third party (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Copyright Holder"). Title to copyright in the Materials will at all times remain with the Copyright Holder. You may only use, download or copy the Materials contained in the Site in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Any permitted copies of the Materials must retain the copyright notice, and any other proprietary notices contained in such Materials. Unless otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions, you may not edit, modify or make use of the Materials without the express, prior written consent of the 20-Ghost Club. You may not use any content contained in the Materials in any manner that may give a false or misleading impression or statement as to the 20-Ghost Club, the Copyright Holder, or any third party referenced in the Materials. Nothing on this Site shall be construed as conferring any license under any Copyright Holder's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. You agree to use the Site and the Materials and services and products on the Site or accessible via the Site only for lawful purposes.
Except as specifically provided in these Terms and Conditions, any reproduction, distribution, replication or retransmission of any information contained on this Site without the prior written consent of the 20-Ghost Club is strictly prohibited.
The 20-Ghost Club uses reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy, correctness and reliability of the Content, but we make no representations or warranties as to the Content's accuracy, correctness or reliability.
The 20-Ghost Club respects the rights of all copyright holders and in this regard, it has adopted and implemented a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users who infringe the rights of copyright holders. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us using the contact form on this website.
Notice with regard to documents on this site
Permission to display, copy and/or download any papers, articles or other works of authorship on this Site (the "Documents") is hereby granted, provided that (a) the copyright notice set forth on the Document and a statement that the Document is being reproduced under permission of the Copyright Holder both appear on such displayed, copied or downloaded Document, (b) use or reproduction of such Documents from this Site is for informational or personal use only, and (c) no modifications of any Documents are made. Any other use of the Documents is expressly prohibited.
Links to third party sites
Any other web sites that are accessible via any link on this Site are not under the control of the 20-Ghost Club. The 20-Ghost Club is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to the information contained in such sites. The 20-Ghost Club provides the linked sites to you only as a convenience and the inclusions of any such link on the Site does not imply the 20-Ghost Club’s endorsement of the site, the organisation operating such site, nor any products or services of that organization. Your linking to any off-site pages or other sites is entirely at your own risk.
User input
Unless otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions, any communication, material or feedback with regard to contents on this Site transmitted by a user of this Site via electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, or comments regarding the content of any Document or other information contained on the Site, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and the 20-Ghost Club shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Further, the 20-Ghost Club shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, publication on the Site.
Disclaimers
THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE 20-GHOST CLUB EXCLUDES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE FUNCTIONS EMBODIED ON, OR IN THE MATERIALS OF, THIS WEBSITE ARE NOT WARRANTED TO BE UNINTERRUPTED OR WITHOUT ERROR. YOU, NOT THE 20-GHOST CLUB, ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION DUE TO YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Privacy Policy, information and available contractual license terms featured on this website without notice. These conditions set out the entire agreement between the 20-Ghost Club and you relating to your use of this website.
Please contact us using the contact form with any questions you have about these Terms and Conditions, including our online Privacy Policy.