http://www.pamplin.net/terms.htm
Terms,
Conditions of Use & Privacy Policy
for
Pamplin.net
Your use of this web site or any related content web site constitutes your
immediate and
unconditional acceptance
(see NOTE 1)
of these “Terms, Conditions of Use & Privacy Policy”.
Read them carefully.
friendly link
Herve Leger Women's Swimwear Canada Goose Jackets LeBron James Basketball Sneakers Beats Solo 3 Headphones Sale Wholesale NFL Jerseys Yeezy Boost 350 V2 Parajumpers Men/Women Coats Jordan Official Store Fashion High Heels Shoes Nike Outlet Online
Terms of Use
Information on this Web Site and any affiliated (Pamplin.Net & any affiliated Pamplin Enterprises, Inc.) Web Sites is
provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability,
accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of the
rights of third parties.  Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. does not warrant or offer any representations or
conditions regarding the use, validity, completeness, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, or
otherwise respecting, any information on this site.  Information on this Web Site may contain
technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and may be changed or updated periodically
without notice.  IT IS YOUR EXPRESS RESPONSIBILITY to verify any and all information
obtained herein before relying on it.  This Web Site does not constitute an offer or contract.
Pamplin.Net and any affiliated Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. websites
may also contain other proprietary notices and copyright information;
the terms of which must be observed and followed.
Terms of use and other information on this
Web Site may be changed or updated without notice. Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. may also make improvements and/or changes
in the products and/or the programs described in this Web Site at any time without notice
(see NOTE 2).
Release & Hold Harmless
User/reader and any and all assigns, representatives, agents,
etc. acknowledge that they have read all definitions and statements contained
herein and hereby agree to release, indemnify and hold harmless the employees,
officers, and agents of Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. from any  and all claim
or claims which might arise out of any incident connected with or in any way
related to the use of Pamplin.Net & any affiliated  Website(s). This
includes claims for personal injury, property damage, and/or any other type of
harm or injury
(see NOTE 3).
Copyright Notice & Use of Content
Except where otherwise noted, this website and the entire contents are owned by
Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. and are subject to the protection of all domestic and international
copyright, trademark and intellectual property laws world-wide.  Any reuse of
information/materials on this Web Site without the express, written consent of
Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. may subject the user to civil and criminal penalties
(see NOTE 4).
If you would like to request permission to reprint or redistribute any materials
on this Web Site, please use our
CONTACT PAGE.
Feedback/User Provided Information
Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. does not want
to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our
Web Site. Any information provided by you to Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. through our
Web Site, (including but not limited to feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions and similar
information) shall be deemed non-confidential. This Web Site may contain registration/feedback forms that require
users to give us contact information such as name, email and/or postal address.
The primary use of contact information from these registration forms is to send
respondents information about Pamplin Enterprises, Inc
(see NOTE 5).
External Links
Links in this Web Site may connect to other Web Sites
maintained by third parties over which Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. has no control.
Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any linked site
or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such Web
Sites. Links are provided as a convenience only and the inclusion of the link
does not imply endorsement by Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. or it's affiliates.
Additionally, Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy
practices of any linked Website and/or their respective subsidiaries
(see NOTE 6).
Contact
If you have any questions about our Terms, Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy,
Legal Disclaimer, please use our
CONTACT PAGE.
Notes
The initial statement (immediate and
unconditional acceptance) means exactly this:
Immediate acceptance of our terms occurs the first and every time
you enter (read) content on the site.
Unconditional acceptance of our terms occurs the first and every
time you enter (read) content on the site.
If terms or web site content are changed, PEI (etc) is under NO OBLIGATION
to inform anyone.
You and anyone representing you or related to you in any way agree to
release, indemnify and hold harmless PEI, etc. in perpetuity immediately and
without conditions.
See something you like and would like to use?  All you gotta do is
show a little respect and responsibility and ASK FOR PERMISSION!  We're really pretty easy to
deal with.  JUST ASK!
ANY information you provide to us in any manner will NOT be treated as
confidential or proprietary unless by mutually agreed upon written contract.
ON the other hand: we NEVER re-distribute (sell, barter or trade) ANY
information for ANY reason.
If it isn't our web content: it isn't our web content.
IN CLOSING:
Your browsing our web content is 100% the result of your volitional
interactions with the computer you are currently using.
Return to previous page
PEI Home |
Atlanta Corel |
Special Forces #9 |
Pamplin Family Info
| GBA |
Balloons Over Georgia
Copyright © 1994 - 2010 • Pamplin Enterprises, Inc. • All Rights Reserved
Your use of this website constitutes your unconditional acceptance of
PEI's
Terms & Conditions
This website is protected under both U.S. Federal copyright law and international treaties.
No part of this work may be reproduced or copied in any form.
Contact:Webmaster