http://www.polarcaves.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Explore
About
Mission
Attractions
Nine Granite Caves
Animal Park
Main Lodge
Plan Your Visit
2020 FAQ's
Park Journal
Rates, Info, & more
Home
Privacy Policy
Welcome to PolarCaves.com (the “Site”)
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.polarcaves.com. We understand that online privacy is important to users (“Visitors”) and users who register to transact business on the site (“Authorized Customers”) and we have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Security
We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences.
Data
We may collect basic user profile information or Personally Identifiable Information from all of our Visitors. Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, or email address. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information.
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from Authorized Customers & Visitors:
Google Analytics: Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
*Google AdWords: Using cookies to determine past site use, remarketing delivers targeted advertising to users. You can opt-out of receiving these advertisements by using the Consumer Opt-Out process at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
*Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting: By serving up the Google Analytics tracking code from the DoubleClick.net advertising network, tracking data on the Site is augmented by key demographic indicators, such as age, gender, and interest, allowing us to further analyze and inform site design, functionality and configuration.
*Not all advanced features and tracking methods are necessarily enabled or configured for this site.
Other Organizations Collecting Information
In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) that may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them.
Add This
Add This is a sharing platform which makes sharing content on the web easy. For more details on information they may collect please review their information page as well as the Add This Privacy Policy.
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared with other Authorized Customers who wish to evaluate potential transactions with other Authorized Customers. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
Storing Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Polar Caves Park is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Polar Caves Park except for use as indicated above. A number of tools may be used for data collection, including:
Cookies
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than the established timeout duration, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off.
Choices in Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies. Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at:
705 New Hampshire 25
Rumney, NH 03266
(603) 536-1888
info@polarcaves.com
It is possible to opt-out of data collection by using the following resources:
Network Advertisers Initiative Consumer Opt-Out: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Google Analytics opt-out plugin: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Policy Modifications & Updates
This Site may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to meet changes in the regulatory environment, business needs, or to satisfy the needs of our Visitors, strategic marketing partners, and service providers.
Login Information
Polar Caves Park uses login information including but not limited to IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types to analyze trends, administer the site, track a user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
Partner access to Personally Identifiable Information
Polar Caves Park has entered into and will continue to enter into partnerships and other affiliations with a number of vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis for evaluating Authorized Customers for service eligibility. Our privacy policy does not cover their collection or use of this information.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Comply with Law
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers.
Links
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Name
Name
Email Address
Polar Caves Park
We recommend using Google Maps
-----------------------------------------------
705 Rumney Route 25
Rumney, NH 03266
(603) 536-1888
-----------------------------------------------
We are closing 10/18 for the 2020 season. Thank you for visiting!
About Polar Caves
Polar Caves is a family-owned and operated nature attraction located in New Hampshire’s White Mountains. Since 1922, the park has offered visitors the opportunity to explore beyond the boundary of time, to touch and explore caves created millennia ago when the last Ice Age moved across the earth.
BOOK NOW
Sitemap
||
Privacy Policy
||
Employment