https://www.hazendal.co.za/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
PRIVACY NOTICE2019-09-30T10:17:58+02:00
PRIVACY NOTICE1. About this noticeThis privacy notice helps you understand the purpose for which we collect, store and use your information.
We may need to update this notice from time to time, but we will inform you when we do. You should read this notice with our Hazendal website terms
If you have any questions, please contact us at 021 903 5034 or at reception@hazendal.co.za
2. We collect and use your personal information2.1. When you make an online booking and payment
When you make an online booking and payment, we, through EAT OUT, collect the following information from you:
first and last names
email address
cell phone number
special requests
dietary requirements
2.2. When you sign up for our newsletter
You have the option to subscribe to our newsletter. You will always have the option to unsubscribe from receiving the newsletter by following our unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email or contacting us.
2.3. We collect your personal information when you contact us
When you contact us via social media, email or telephone with a query, complaint, request or to give us feedback, we collect your information included in your message. We use this information to reply to, investigate, and resolve your query, complaint or request.
2.4. We use cookies to optimise our website
Our website stores information and retrieves information from your browser using cookies. This information is used to make our site work. We cannot identify you personally through your cookies, but we can use the information to give you a more personalised web experience.
We use cookies to collect data that helps us to
track site usage and browsing behaviour
monitor the effectiveness of our promotions and advertising
mitigate risk, enhance security and prevent fraud
3. We may share your information with our trusted suppliersWe use suppliers and service providers who we trust to help us provide our services to you. They have agreed to keep your information secure and confidential, and to only use it for the purposes for which we have sent it to them.
We use other companies to
provide our services to you, such as our online booking system
help us manage our business, for instance accountants and professional advisors
Sometimes we will be required by law to share your information, for instance, to comply with health and safety legislation.
We may have to share your personal information to protect your or another individual’s vital interests, for instance in a medical emergency.
4. We send your information to other countriesSome of the service providers that we use may be located in other countries. These countries may not have the same levels of protection of personal information as South Africa. If this is the case, we require that our service providers undertake to protect the personal information that we share with them to the same extent that we do.
5. How we protect your personal informationWe have implemented reasonable security safeguards based on the sensitivity of the information to protect it from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.  But no system is perfect, and we cannot guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards.
Although we cannot prevent all security threats, we have measures in place to minimise the threat to your privacy should something happen. We will let you know of any breaches that affect your personal information and inform you how you can minimise the impact.
6. You have the right to be informed about the personal information we have, and what we do with itYour personal information is protected by the Protection of Personal Information Act (POPIA). The POPIA prescribes how personal information must be collected, used and stored in order to protect the information and your privacy. The POPIA creates an Information Regulator, who is responsible for ensuring that organisations manage personal information in a responsible manner that respects your privacy.
You have the right to
ask what personal information we hold about you
ask what information was sent to our suppliers, service providers or any other third party
ask us to update, correct or delete any out-of-date or incorrect personal information we hold about you
unsubscribe from any direct marketing communications we may send you
object to the processing of your personal information
You can request access to the information we hold about you or correct your personal information by contacting reception@hazendal.co.za.
It may take us up to 21 days to respond to your request, because there are procedures we need to follow. In certain cases, we may require proof of your identity.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY NOTICE
HOMEABOUT USPRESSCONTACTSHOP0SOCIAL MEDIA
E-mail:reception@hazendal.co.zaTel:021 903 5034Address:Bottelary Road, Stellenbosch, 7599Directional Map
E-mail:reception@hazendal.co.za
Tel:021 903 5034
Address:Bottelary Road, Stellenbosch, 7599
Directional Map
Copyright ©
Hazendal Wine Estate | All Rights Reserved | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Notice | Developed by Nudge
CULINARY The Russian Tea Ceremony Babushka Deli Babushka Picnics Pivnushka Beer GardenWINE & VODKA Our Wines Wine LoungeART & CULTURE Marvol GalleryGOLF Golf CourseFAMILY FUN WonderdalWEDDINGSFUNCTIONS Conferences Corporate EventsEVENTS Events calendarACCOMMODATION
HOMEABOUT USPRESSCONTACTSHOP0
HOME
CULINARY
The Russian Tea Ceremony
Babushka Deli
Babushka Picnics
Pivnushka Beer Garden
WINE
Our Wine Philosophy
Wine Lounge
Our Wines
Shop
EXPERIENCES
Wonderdal
Marvol Gallery
Golf Course
CONFERENCES
WEDDINGS
EVENTS
SHOP
Send this to a friend
Go to Top