http://www.gocampingamerica.com/privacy-policy
Adventuring
List With Us
Park Owner Login
Privacy Policy
GoCampingAmerica.com's Privacy Policy
We are concerned about your privacy. Please read the following to learn about our Privacy Policy, which may be updated from time to time. Any information you provide to our web site is done voluntarily. The platform will be referred to herein as the “Site.”
This Privacy Policy details GoCampingAmerica.com policies and practices intended to protect the privacy of our members, vendors and others who use the Site. We recognize the need for appropriate protection of your Personal Information, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and other information that you voluntarily share with us online and that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us (“Personal Information”). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let you know what Personal Information we may collect from you when you visit the Site, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding the use of, before you decide whether to disclose it.
ARVC member campgrounds provide Personal Information when they sign up to become a member by completing a membership application either online. The information contained within the membership form a member completes is used to create a public campground member profile on this Site, which will be made available to consumers to view, without limitation.
Any Personal Information Site users provide will be collected and stored by the Site and its web provider and may be used for our own business and administrative purposes, such as, without limitation, responding to your questions or comments, notifying you if you are a winner of a drawing, to send you a newsletter (at your request), identifying programs and events that might interest you and to potentially send outdoor related e-mail promotions and special offers from third-party sponsors (with your permission). We do not sell, rent, or otherwise release telephone numbers to any third party, nor are they used for any other purpose other than stated above. Personal Information is not shared with outside affiliated organizations unless expressly written.
In addition to the information you choose to submit, our systems are set up to gather certain anonymous data. The information we collect that does not identify you personally is used to monitor the use of and improve our Site, as well as for other internal analysis. In particular, but without limitation, IP addresses are used to diagnose problems with the server on which this information is stored, analyze trends and statistics, site administration, track user movements, gather information about site usage, improve visitors’ online experience, and to facilitate navigation within the Site.
Our Site contains links to third-party websites that are provided for your convenience and these third parties may at times be able to gather information from you. For example, third-party ad servers and companies that place ads on our site may use cookies and may collect and use the information you submit. When you are on the Site you have options to enter other web sites, pages or links that are outside of our own service and beyond our control. We do not endorse nor are we responsible for the content, services, performance, policies or any other aspect of these sites. In these cases, the third parties would use your information according to their own policies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy.
On occasion, we use third parties to provide certain services for our Site, including administrative support for certain online activities such as, but without limitation, product purchases, payment processing, and event registration. In connection with providing these services that work on our behalf, we may share your information with these third parties, and when appropriate, law enforcement authorities. In addition, these third parties may collect certain Personal Information such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. Although we strive to select only reputable companies that share our commitment to user privacy, we are in no way responsible for the actions or policies of these third parties.
Member and customer credit and debit card information is not stored or maintained by the Site. When site users and consumer choose to pay online using a credit or debit card, that information is processed directly through a third-party clearinghouse using appropriate security processes and data encryption.
We may release personal information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonable and necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing injury to you, us or others.
Google reCAPTCHA has been implemented on this site and that their use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
If you have any further questions or comments, you can write us at:
GoCampingAmerica.com
9085 E. Mineral Circle, Suite 200
Centennial, CO 80112
Phone: (303) 681-0401
Last updated: May 2019