https://www.palliser.co.nz/privacy-policy/
Buy Wine
Wine Shop
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Terms and Conditions
The Estate Club
Distributors
Our Story
Our Land
Our People
Our Future
Our Company
Company and Investor information
Cellar Door
Wine & Food
Group Bookings
Conference Space
Contact
Events at Palliser
Friends of Palliser
My Account
Palliser Privacy Policy
PALLISER TAKES YOUR PRIVACY SERIOUSLY.
This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. In order to provide you with services, we may ask for personal details such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. We do not use or share Personal Information for any purpose other than for the purpose for which it was disclosed. We do not provide or sell Personal Information to other organisations. However, we may disclose Personal Information to our service providers who provide services in connection with our products and services.
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that all Personal Information we hold is as accurate as is possible. You may contact us at any time and ask for its correction if you feel that the Personal Information we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Palliser takes measures to ensure your Personal Information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration. We store Personal Information in different ways, including in paper and electronic form. We use security procedures and technology to protect the Personal Information we hold. Access to and use of Personal Information within Palliser is appropriately limited by us to prevent misuse or unlawful disclosure of that Personal Information by others.
Palliser does not store any financial information provided to us by our customers. All payments via our online store are processed by PayPal. For more information on PayPal’s privacy policy please see the following link.
ROUTINE INFORMATION COLLECTION
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
COOKIES AND ANALYSTICS
Where necessary, palliser.co.nz uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content. Cookies are small text files that are placed in your browser by the websites you visit. They are widely used to help users navigate websites efficiently, to perform certain functions on the sites and/or to provide site owners with information about how their sites are used.
CONTROLLING YOUR PRIVACY
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY AND MODIFICATIONS
By accessing and using the Palliser website (including purchasing items through our website) you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this privacy policy. Palliser reserves the right to occasionally make changes to its privacy policy or practices. We will post the updated policy on this section of our website, and thus we encourage you to review this page from time to time, particularly each time you use our online store.
PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT OTHER PEOPLE
You must not provide us with personal information about another person unless that person has given authorisation through you, for us to collect, use and disclose their personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to palliser@palliser.co.nz for further clarification.
Contact
Sale of Liquor Licence
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Friends of Palliser
Friends of Palliser Sign up to our Friends of Palliser mailing list for a quarterly update on the latest at Palliser Estate.
Sign up
© 2020 Palliser Estate. Sale of Liquor Licence no.044/OFF/010/2017 exp.16th June 2020
You must be 18 years old to visit this site.
I am at least 18 years old Remember me