https://www.cps-ecp.ca/privacy-policy/
Français
Cart
Login
Register
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for the Canadian Power & Sail Squadrons Web Site
Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP) has created this privacy notice to demonstrate our firm commitment to internet privacy. The following discloses our policies concerning the gathering and sharing of information through this website. In brief, our policies are:
we monitor general trends in the use of our website but do not ever track individual visitors;
we do not collect information concerning individual visitors unless that information is voluntarily disclosed, for example by filling out our online response form;
we do not share the information voluntarily disclosed to us with any other organization;
at any time, users who have signed up for a specific service can have their names removed from the relevant mailing list.
For further information, please see below.
Normal Website Usage
You can visit all portions of the http://www.cps-ecp.ca/ web site without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect from a normal website visit is the name of your Internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the website that referred you to us, the pages you request and the date and time of those requests.
This information is collected on an aggregate basis only. For example, Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP) tracks which pages are most popular among visitors as a whole, but we do not track information on which pages an individual visitor might look at during a visit to our site. We do not collect any other information -- such as the name, mailing address, email address, or phone number of the visitor -- without the visitor's knowledge and permission.
All information that we collect is used for internal review only and not shared with third parties. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of the site to our visitors.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
There are instances where Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP) requests personally identifiable information, such as name, mailing address, email address, and possibly additional information, to provide you with specific services or correspondence.
The www.cps-ecp.ca website will not post personal contact information for visitors, including their email address, street address and phone numbers, without that individual's consent.
Outside Links
This site contains hypertext links to other sites. Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP) makes every effort to insure the secure collection and transmission of sensitive user information. However, your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP). Canadian Power and Sail Squadrons (CPS-ECP) shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of this site or any information you transmitted to this site.
Version: 2015
Partners
View all partners