http://www.mortons.co.uk/privacy.html
Skip to content
Loading...
Privacy & Cookie PolicyAndy Hill2019-11-26T15:45:07+00:00
About us
Mortons Media Group Ltd is a well-respected media, printing and events company which has been producing newspapers and publications since 1885. We are proud to be based in Lincolnshire, and are registered as a limited company in England under registration number 3676192.
We take the safety, security and confidentiality of your personal data very seriously, and this privacy policy explains how and why we obtain, process, retain and store your information and covers personal data captured through our website www.mortonsmediagroup.com. You may contact our Compliance Officer Charlotte Park at any time using the contact details below.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner under registration number Z6543195.
Why we need your information
We offer a range of services and products and need to process your personal information for the following main reasons.
Manage publication purchases and subscriptions
Manage ticket purchase, club and trade applications
Administer competitions
Manage clients and prospects mailing lists
Understand about visitors to our website
Manage our relationship with our staff/team/employees
Manage our relationship with suppliers
You can click on the area that applies to you to jump straight to the right section.
What information we capture and why …
Publication purchases and subscriptions
Subscription data is provided to us directly by you. Information usually includes your name, contact details and details of your subscription, including bank or credit/debit card information and payment history.
These details are held within our subscriptions database which is located in the UK.
We are relying on our contractual obligation to you to process your information. At the end of our relationship we need to keep this information for tax purposes and other legal reasons. We will keep the information secure and delete it four years from the end of our last transaction with you.
In order to fulfil our commitments to you we need to share some of your information with our data processors. This will include our payment processing companies, couriers and mailing houses.
Events (including club invitations)
In order to manage your attendance at our events, and to keep you informed of future events, we maintain a list of company details, clubs and individuals who have both attended and/or expressed an interest in attending future events.
We will keep a record of your name, company or club, including your address, email and telephone contact details as well as the events which you have attended, or would like to attend. We may also ask you if you have any special requirements such as mobility issues or dietary requirements, and we will not
etain this information beyond the event with which that information is relevant. We may become aware of, or identify special interest groups and specialist clubs which we feel would benefit from attending the events we offer. We may become aware of this by word of mouth, through publications or newspapers and the internet. As long as this information is in the public domain we shall reach out to that organisation and invite them to participate in our events using the lawful reason of legitimate interests to conduct direct marketing.If we are holding your details solely to keep you informed about events you can ask us to stop processing at any time; if you have attended an event we will hold your details for up to four years in case of a query and for legal reasons and our own legitimate interests.
We shall retain personal data of customer transactions but for customers with whom we have no ongoing relationship we shall remove their personal details, in other words anonymise the information four years after your last transaction with us.
Competitions
At Mortons we run a range of highly popular competitions and need to keep records of entrants and winners. For those lucky winners we need to capture and store additional details such as details of the prize and how and when it was supplied. We also would retain details of any correspondence, complaints or enquiries from individuals regarding the competitions.
We rely on your consent to capture your name and details when you first enter the competition and we will keep the information on our live system for the duration of that competition. Once we have your information, for various legal and contractual reasons we need to retain it for 12 months. We will use your information to contact you about topics we believe to be of interest to you during this time.
If you are lucky and win a prize we need to share your details with our fulfilment or delivery company and, with your permission, we shall publish your name on our website and in future publications.
Clients, suppliers and prospects
To manage our business relationships and seek out new clients, we need to capture and retain details of organisations and individuals within them, along with the particulars of those relationships. We may hold information on job roles, contact details and notes of interactions and conversations, and for certain types of sales calls we may record the conversation. For some clients and partners, we also hold details of financial transactions and keep copies of contractual documentation in both manual and digital formats.
We may record other information necessary to deliver the service, for example, information regarding your colleagues, or relevant background information, but we will only ever record information deemed sensitive, such as details of a disability you may have, if it is required to comply with legislation, it is necessary to deliver the service to you or you give us your explicit permission.
We will obtain information directly from you, either in person, or from a colleague, and via normal business channels such as email, telephone, Skype and social media and at networking or business events. We may also obtain your details from public domain sources or purchase third party data for direct marketing purposes (for more information see the section on marketing below).
We will use your personal data to enable us to provide our products and services to you, manage our relationships and maintain a list for direct marketing purposes.
We shall be processing your information, including the recording of sales calls, using the lawful basis of legitimate interests and, and if we are required to hold any special category or sensitive data about you, unless there is a legal reason which compels us to hold or share this, we shall ask for your explicit consent.
If we have a legal agreement in place with you, or are in negotiation with you for goods or services, then we will rely upon contractual obligations to store and retain your information.
Retention timescales
For clients or suppliers with whom we have an ongoing working relationship we shall retain personal data for the life of the relationship. For contacts with whom we have no ongoing relationship we shall anonymise the information four years after we have ceased corresponding with them. You can ask us to cease processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
Employees and finance
To comply with employment and tax law, we need to keep accurate records of current and past employees of Mortons.
In order to consider job applications, offer employment, and comply with our statutory legal obligations such as the right to work within the UK, we ask for your personal details, including contact details. Details of your marital status and next of kin will be collected and other information such as qualifications and work experience will be requested to ensure you are qualified to fulfil your role. Your date of birth, nationality and other sensitive information such as ethnicity, sexuality, and criminal records, as well as any medical information that we may need to be aware of will also be requested. We need this additional special category data to comply with our legal obligations and our internal anti-discrimination policy, although of course you are free to decline to supply some of this information. Copies of emails sent and received by employees during their day- to- day activities, and details of websites visited, are retained and can be accessed and viewed by managers and our IT department.
To manage our payroll and meet our tax obligations we shall keep a record of your bank and salary details. Occasionally we may ask you to voluntarily provide some information which is not strictly necessary for your employment, for example, your photo to appear on social media or in a publication.
We process your employment, financial and payroll data under our legal and contractual obligations. For those elements which are not wholly necessary for your employment, such as the photograph example above, we shall rely upon your explicit voluntary consent and in other cases our own legitimate interests.
Depending on the nature of the employment information we hold we shall retain it securely for varying periods of time. This will range from just six months for CVs for unsuccessful applicants, to indefinitely for some insurance and medical test result information. However, on average, we keep employment, financial and payroll data while an employee is employed, plus six years after they leave our employment. Certain records, such as disciplinary records, are deleted when they expire and other records, such as payslips, are deleted when they are no longer required for tax purposes.
Sharing your employee data
We treat all employee data in the strictest of confidence, but on occasions it may be necessary to share your information with other parties. This will usually be in connection with your employment, payroll or tax queries, such as, but not limited to, obtaining confidential references, liaising with third party organisations who would verify your employment history, seeking advice from our professional advisors, processing of payroll and also in connection with identity and right to work checks.
Your data will also be shared internally where this is necessary to facilitate your employment, or support you in your role.
Visitors to our website and social media
When you visit our website(s) or interact with us on social media we will capture a range of different information about you. By visiting our website we will be able to see your IP address, system type (PC, iPhone, Windows 10 etc.) and the pages you visit; your information is anonymous until you log in as a user, at which point you will be identified along with the pages visited on our site.
This information is captured via Google Analytics, which is detailed below and in our Cookie Policy. At any time you can stop the collection of your anonymous data by opting out of Google Analytics using the link below.
Details of your interactions with us via social media will be maintained by the relevant media company and a history will be available within their records. Details of any significant interaction may also be added to our internal records.
Apart from members of our digital and subscriptions teams, the only other party who may have access to our website visitor traffic will be the website hosting company and our software developer. We shall at all times ensure that they keep your information confidential.
Google analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website(s); Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ devices.
For more information on cookies visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.uk
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Details captured during your visit will include, but is not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources you access, however, all data collected is anonymous and will not identify you as an individual.
Google, not Mortons, store this activity information, and you can find out more by viewing Google’s privacy policy.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit their online opt-out page.
Who will have access to your information?
Only those members of staff who need to access your personal data to assist you with an enquiry, or to fulfil their job role, will have access to your personal information. Your data will only be shared with external organisations who need the information to fulfil our obligations to you, for example with the Royal Mail.
We may share data with third parties if we are required to do so by law, such as the police, under a court order etc., or if the sharing is required for the detection or prevention of fraud or a crime.
We may also share your information with other third parties if it is in the defence of a legal claim, such as seeking legal advice from a solicitor or in the case of an enforcement company regarding an overdue account.
We promise we shall never sell or share your information with any other commercial third party.
Where we store your information
As stated above most of your information will be stored within the EEA, however, some cloud providers which we use, such as for our email broadcasting, are hosted in third countries, including the USA, which are deemed by the EU to have adequate safeguards to protect your information.We have taken all reasonable precautions and due-diligence to ensure that the information we process about you remains safe and secure.
Marketing, consents and permissions
If you are an individual consumer, or club or corporate subscriber, then we may use your personal information to contact you about our products and services where we believe they may be of interest to you. We may deliver marketing communications to you by post or email.
Private individuals and club members
For most of the records we hold we have the consent of the individual consumer to send direct marketing materials to them. Occasionally we may purchase a mailing list from a reputable data house, but would only use those where either the individual has consented to their information being shared, or the information has been collated lawfully from a public domain source, such as the edited electoral register.
Sometimes a contact within a club may ask us to send the information to a different person as they know it will be of interest to them.
Corporate individuals
Most corporate subscribers voluntarily ask to receive information from us, and we try and ask for consent before adding them to our mailing list. However, the data protection legislation allows us to send marketing materials to corporate individuals with whom we have no pre-existing relationship if their information is in the public domain, and that information is relevant to them.
We will therefore always try and obtain opt-in consent before adding a person to our mailing list; and at all times and in all correspondence we will clearly state that we are Mortons Media Group and clearly tell them how they can change or update their marketing preferences or unsubscribe completely.
If you have made contact with us then we shall rely on a combination of your consent, our legitimate interests to record your information, and if we wish to send you administrative or marketing emails, we rely on what is called the soft-opt-in, or pre-existing relationship, to send those emails to you (at any time you can ask us to stop sending these to you).
Right to object
You have an absolute right to ask us to stop processing your information for direct marketing purposes at any time – more of your rights are detailed below.
We will not share or sell your marketing or personal information with any third parties, save with your permission or required by law.
General
For security reasons at our head office in Horncastle]. Staff and visitors to the site are recorded and if you would like to know more details please contact Charlotte Park whose details are below.
As a very proactive and forward-thinking organisation we stay up to date with technological advancements and we will continue to embrace new technology such as artificial intelligence, secure home and mobile working and the internet of things.
We shall always ensure that potential privacy risks involved in introducing these new technologies are considered and your safety always put at the forefront of our thoughts, ensuring that adequate technical and organisational security measures are put in place to keep you safe.
Your rights
The Data Protection Act 2018 and GDPR gives individuals certain rights and for your convenience these are listed below:-
You have the right to access a copy of the personal information we hold about you by making a Subject Access Request (SAR). You can do this by phone, in writing or by email to the address at the bottom of this policy.
We will have to verify your identity before we can proceed.
You have the right of rectification to amend or update your personal information and ensure we maintain accurate and up-to-date records and/or data about you.
You have the right to erasure, also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’.
The broad principle underpinning this right is to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing by Mortons.
You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal data. Processing of your personal information may be restricted in the event it is no longer essential to support the use of services provided to you and/or not part of any contractual, legal or financial requirement to do so. Mortons is permitted to store the personal data, but not further process it.
Mortons may retain just enough information about you to ensure that any restriction is respected in future.
You have the right to data portability, which allows individuals to obtain and/or reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services. It allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information based on consent, our legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest or exercise of official authority including profiling activity, direct marketing, including profiling activity, and processing for purposes of scientific and/or historical research and statistics.
You have the right to be made aware of any automated decision-making, that is decisions made about you without any human involvement, and also any profiling that may take place about you.
You have an absolute right to ask us to stop sending you direct mail or email.
For some processing you will have given us permission to process your information, and in these cases you can withdraw your consent at any time. In certain situations, the above rights may not apply, for example if you entered into a membership minimum term contract, we may have to write to you about your membership even if you asked us previously not to, but we would not send you direct marketing materials.
Contact details
If you have any questions regarding this privacy notice, or would like any further assistance, please contact:-
Charlotte Park – Privacy OfficerMortons Media Group LtdMedia CentreMorton WayHorncastleLincolnshire LN9 6JR
Telephone: 01507 523456Fax: 01507 529229Email: dataprotection@mortons.co.uk
Company Registration Number: 3676192
ICO Registration No. Z6543195
Complaints
In the event of a complaint firstly contact the Privacy Officer listed above. If you are still unhappy you many contact the UK Data Protection Regulator at:-
Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshire, SK9 5AF
Helpline: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or +44 1625 545 745
COOKIE POLICY
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We do not store any personal data in the cookies that we use, and store the information anonymously to assist us in the running of the site, and also for monitoring the activity and traffic both to and through our website. To do this we use Google Analytics cookies.
Depending on the browser you use, you should be able to control what cookies are placed on your device through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mortons Media Group Ltd.
Mortons Media Group Limited produces a large range of magazine titles in classic & modern motorcycle areas, scootering, heritage railways and lifestyle.
Mortons Events operates over 30 shows and events across the UK catering for a range of enthusiast audiences. From classic bike shows to Autojumbles, off-road motorcycles to classic cars; we entertain over a million people every year.
Mortons Print offers the very latest in web offset newspaper printing technology to ensure your publication is produced time after time to the highest quality in printed media.
Mortons Archive is Europe’s largest motorcycle archive containing thousands upon thousands of photographs, glass plates, books, manuals and original documents is available for media use.
Mortons Books are committed to producing quality publications on a range of topics – from railway, military and aviation history to consumer issues, hobbies, crime and politics.
Mortons Mailing can provide you with a wide range of services, from single letters to polywrapped multi-insert packs, saving you time and money without compromising on service or quality.
Go to Top