http://www.brennanbeachrvresort.com/privacy-policy
HomeRV Resorts and Campgrounds
Campground SearchMap SearchCampground Video ToursProperty ImprovementsMeet Our Newest ResortsCabins & Rentals
Cabins & Rental SearchGroup ReservationsCampUSA Mobile AppAbout RVontheGo
About UsContact UsPrivacy PolicyRV and Site Standards & GuidelinesReservations en FrancaisSummer Annual SitesRV & Travel BlogCome work for us!My Scratchpad0
Sign in / Register
Get Help
Call 877-570-2267
Parlez-vous français? 888-450-6885
¿Habla español? 888-503-0546
Like us on Facebook!
Home
New York
Pulaski - Eastern Shore
Brennan Beach RV Resort
Brennan Beach RV Resort
80 Brennan Beach Pulaski, NY 13142
Brennan Beach RV Resort
80 Brennan Beach Pulaski, NY 13142
View Photos
Resort Menu
Overview
Rentals
News
Location
Resort Map
Activities & Events
Policies
Pulaski RV resort on Eastern Shore of Lake Ontario
Number of Sites: 1320
Open/Close: 05/01 - 10/15
Need Help? Call: 877-570-2267
Check Rates or Reserve
Check In
Check Out
Adults
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
Kids
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
Pets
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
Camping Type
Select Camping Type
RV Sites
Cabins/Rentals
Equipment Type
Select your equipment type
Motorhome
Fifth Wheel
Travel Trailer
Pickup Camper
Other
Length (in ft.)
With Slideouts?
Yes
No
Have a Group Reservation? Click here
Pulaski RV resort on Eastern Shore of Lake Ontario
Number of Sites: 1320
Open/Close: 05/01 - 10/15
Need Help? 877-570-2267
Overlooking a half mile stretch of sandy beach, Brennan Beach RV Resort is more than just your typical New York RV resort. Located on the eastern shores of Lake Ontario, we combine the benefit of having all the comforts of home surrounding you with a relaxing "ocean holiday." Whether you want to soak up the rays on the white sandy shore, or splash around in the waves, you'll love the unique experience of beach camping at this Pulaski RV resort!
At Brennan Beach RV Resort, you can stay on one of Encore's 1,400 attractive and well-kept RV campsites or choose a comfortable rental unit. We offer clean and modern facilities to make your stay so worry-free and memorable that you'll want to come back to our Pulaski RV resort year after year!
View our 3-D Tour
Resort Amenities
Clubhouse
Shuffleboard
Swimming Pool
Fishing
Near Beach
Creek / Lake / Canal / River or Ocean Frontage
RV Storage
Pets Welcome
Restaurant
Nature / Hiking Trails
Mini Golf
Restroom/Shower Facilities
Laundry Facilities
Picnic/BBQ Area
Playground
Horseshoes
Tennis Court
Game Room/Billiards
Library
WiFi Hotspot
Resort News
Pre Check-in Requirement for Travel Advisory
New York State had issued a travel advisory for those who are traveling from within one of the designated states with significant COVID-19 community spread regardless of method of travel. Travelers who enter the state without completing the form will be subject to a $2,000 fine and may be brought to a hearing and ordered to complete mandatory quarantine. For more information, the latest list of States included in the travel advisory and to complete the mandated Health Travel Form go to: https://coronavirus.health.ny.gov/covid-19-travel-advisory.
Location
get directions
| download resort map
Activities
Whether you're planning a retreat for the whole family, a group of friends or a getaway for two, there's no shortage of unique activities to explore at Brennan Beach RV Resort. Plan activities upon arrival or visit this page before your departure to plan ahead. Looking for more? Our friendly staff can fill you in on all of the great ways to make your stay a memorable experience. We currently offer the following activities:
Activities DirectorBingo/Card PlayingChildrens Programs - FeeCo-ed Water AerobicsLive EntertainmentPlanned ActivitiesArts & CraftsChildren's ProgramChurch ServiceKids ActivitiesMini GolfPotlucks
Policies
General Policies:
Campsite check-in: 1 p.m. (Please call to see if early check in is available. An additional fee will apply.)
Campsite check-out: 12 noon
Rental check-in: 4 p.m. (Please call to see if early check in is available. An additional fee will apply.)
Rental check-out: 11 a.m.
Minimum Check-in age is 21 years old.
Guests aged 15 years old and under at the time of check in are considered children.
Leashed pets are always welcome on the property; but are not allowed in our rentals. However, we do allow service animals and a service animal may have stayed in a rental.
The rates displayed do not include any applicable service fees or charges for optional incidentals.
For late arrival arrangements, please contact our Reservation Department at (888) 891-5979.
Reservation & Payment Policies:
Your credit card will be charged Itinerary Total prior to arrival, up to a maximum deposit of $250. Any remaining balance will be due on arrival.
If you cancel your reservation 14 or more days prior to arrival, you will be charged a $25 administrative fee.
If you cancel your reservation within 14 days of arrival, you will forfeit your deposit, up to a maximum of $250.
In the case of multiple sites booked, cancellation penalties apply to each site that is cancelled or changed.
Prices and site type are subject to availability.
No refunds will be issued for early check out.
Displayed rates and package prices are subject to change.
Site assignments cannot be guaranteed.
If I used a credit card for a deposit, guarantee or payment, I authorize MHC Property Management L.P. to charge any expenses incurred during my stay to that credit card or apply funds you have on deposit with us against what I owe.
Local Weather
34°F
Sat
50°
Sun
50°
Mon
37°
Tue
27°
Wed
30°
×
Extended Stays
Looking for a Seasonal or Annual site? Please click the link below to request your reservation with special pricing on stays longer than 185 days.
×
Age Qualified Resort
Please note: Brennan Beach RV Resort is an age qualified resort (55+) and does not allow reservations with children.
Signup for Special Offers, Discounts and More!