http://www.ajokeaday.com/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for visiting www.ajokeaday.com and, if applicable, choosing to use our products and services including but not limited to the AJokeADay mobile app or website (collectively the “Platform”). We try to make our Privacy Policy easy to understand so that you are informed as to how we use your information.
This Privacy Policy, like our Terms of Service, is an integral part of using our Platform; therefore you must completely agree to our Privacy Policy in order to use our Platform.
You must be over the age of 18 to use our Platform.
If you are under the age of 18 you must be over 13 and you represent and warrant that your parent or guardian have read and agreed to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service.
Information Collected
Personally Identifiable Information Submitted by You
In order to use our Platform you may be required to submit personally identifiable information that will be collected by us.
We may collect your name, email, and address.
Your personally iden tifiable information will be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Non-Identifying Information
Whenever you use our website, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, interactions with the website, query information, location information, pricing data, research history, advertising preferences, location and GPS information, referring URL, browser, application interaction, operating system, data usage, data transferred, and Internet Service Provider.
Push Notifications and Usage Data
By using our Platform you agree that we may send you push notifications through your cellphone or mobile device.
Please be aware that you may be able to change your notification settings through the application’s settings panel or the settings menu on your mobile device.
Standard data and text message rates may apply to any notifications.
Please review your data and messaging plan to understand any additional charges and fees that you may be responsible for.
By using the our Platform you agree to let us collect information about your usage of the application.
Use of Your Information
This section explains how we plan on using your information collected by us. In order to use our Platform, you agree that we may use your personally identifiable information:
To enhance or improve our users’ experiences.
To provide our Platform to you and to share with other users.
To email you newsletters, marketing, and correspondence.
To understand how you communicate and use our Platform.
To contact you and to respond to inquiries.
Additionally, we may give your information to law enforcement if we are compelled to by a court order, if there has been a violation of any US laws, EU laws or if a violation of the Terms of Service or Privacy Policy has occurred.
Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information
You are required to register for an account upon downloading our mobile application or accessing the Platform.
After submitting your information to us, you may be able to modify your information through the dashboard. If you have any questions or wish to review, change, or delete any of your information collected by us, please contact us at info@ajokeaday.com.
Additionally, if you wish to opt out of our data collection practices or would like us to remove any of your information, please contact us at info@ajokeaday.com. After you have cancelled your account please be aware that we may keep inaccessible copies of your information for a commercially reasonable period of time.
Cookies
Cookies are little pieces of code loaded on your browser that help us personalize your experience. Our current Platform uses cookies to track your preferences and to remember you.
Third Party Access to Your Information
Although you are entering into an Agreement with AJokeADay to disclose your information to us, we do use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and others to allow you to access the Platform.
Throughout the course of our provision of our services to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information.
It is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this Privacy Policy.
For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems.
You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.
Law Enforcement
You agree that we may disclose your information to authorities if compelled to by a court order.
Additionally, you agree that we may disclose your information if we reasonably believe that you have violated US laws or the terms of our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy or if we believe that a third party is at risk of bodily harm.
In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either.
We may also proactively report you and release your information without receiving any request to third parties where we believe that it is proper to do so for legal reasons, where your actions violate any law of the United States or any other country having jurisdiction over us, Platform or our Terms of Service.
You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.
We may release your information under the conditions listed in this paragraph whether it is to individuals or entities and to any state or national authorities, as required.
Commercial, Non-Commercial Communications and Do Not Track
If you decide to provide us with your contact information, you agree that we may send you communications via text and email.
However, you may unsubscribe from certain communications by notifying AJokeADay that you no longer wish to receive these communications, we will endeavour to promptly remove you from our Platform once we have received that request.
We currently do not offer functionality for you to opt out through “do not track” listings. If you wish to opt out of certain communications or information collection, please contact us at
info@ajokeaday.com.
Third Parties
AJokeADay may post links to third party websites on our Platform, which may include information that we have no control over.
When accessing a third party site through our Platform, you acknowledge that you are aware that these third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by us, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties.
AJokeADay bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website. You must review their Terms of Service and Privacy to understand how their information collection practices work.
Security Measures
We make reasonable attempts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards.
However, as our Platform are hosted electronically we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
For this reason, we recommend that you use anti-virus software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security and privacy threats.
Your California Privacy Rights
AJokeADay permits residents of the State of California to use its Platform, and complies with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579.
If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes. Although we do not disseminate your information to third parties without permission, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us at info@ajokeaday.com
with any questions.
Age Compliance
We intend to fully comply with American and international laws respecting children’s privacy.
Therefore, we do not collect or process any information for any persons under the age of 18.
If you are under the age of 18, you must be over 13 and you represent and warrant that your parent or guardian have read and agreed to this Agreement and the Privacy Policy.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
We may transfer personal information to the United States or elsewhere and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Merger and Acquisition
In the event that the AJokeADay is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. Please be aware that once the information is transferred your privacy rights may change.
Amendments
Like our Terms of Service, we may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will modify the date listed on this Agreement or we may contact you.
You must agree to the amendments as a condition of your continued use of our Platform.
If you do not agree, you must immediately cease using our Site and Platform and notify us of your refusal to agree by e-mailing us at info@ajokeaday.com.
×Close
Login
Sign Up
In order to submit a joke, vote for jokes or win cash prizes, you must SIGN UP first
Sign Up
Signup with Facebook
Email Address
Password
Lost Your Password?
Sign in
Login with Facebook
Close
Email Subscription
Your are now subscribed to our free daily joke email!
Free Daily Joke
Via Email
Subscribe To Free Daily Email
Register Now?
Remind Me Later
Close