https://www.capdagdefrance.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy governs your access and use of CapdAgdeFrance.co.uk (“Website”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Website. By using this Website, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy.
Information we Collect
You may be asked to enter your name, email address, credit card information, or other details. You also may be asked to join our community.
This Website collects information from you when you place an order for a book, course, coaching, or other product, subscribe to a newsletter, join our community, opt in to a free training, download a free resource, enter information on our Website, contact us, or at other times not specifically listed.
We use your provided information to deliver the requested product and/or service, improve this Website’s performance, and to provide you with offers, promotions, and other information via email.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We may store your credit card information.
We will only use your data for the purpose for which it was collected.
Email Policy
We intend to keep your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease email subscription lists to third parties.
We may disclose your email address to companies we work with for running this Website (example: email marketing service provider).
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all emails sent from capdagdefrance.co.uk will state who the email is from and provide information on how to contact capdagdefrance.co.uk.
If you wish to no longer receive our newsletter or promotional materials, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can also email paul@CapdAgdeFrance.co.uk or use the contact information below.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Similar to other websites, this Website uses cookies. Cookies are also used to help understand your preferences based on previous or current Website activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
This Website also uses cookies to help
capdagdefrance.co.uk compile aggregate data about Website traffic and website interaction so we can offer better experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements.
We may use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings.
If you turn cookies off, it may affect your experience.
Third-Party Cookies
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice.
This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist
capdagdefrance.co.uk in operating this Website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Website policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
Third-Party Privacy
CapdAgdeFrance.co.uk is not responsible for the content, privacy policies or practices of third party companies and websites.
Google Mail, email addresses are stored here to make contact – privacy policy online click me for further informationMailChimp to send newsletters – privacy policy online click me for further information
Third-Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our Website.
These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of this Website and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Advertising
We use advertising on this Website.
Cookies may be used in conjunction with the advertising on this Website.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. You can change your personal information by emailing us.
Target
This Website is intended to be used only by persons over 18 years of age. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website.
In the Event of a Data Breach
We will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We will notify the users via in-site notification within 7 business days.
GDPR Rights
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Website), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact
capdagdefrance.co.uk using the information below.
paul@CapdAgdeFrance.co.ukPlease contact capdagdefrance.co.uk here with any questions or concerns.
Search for:
5 Best Camp Sites in France Apart from Cap d’Agde
Montpellier Méditerranée airport (MPL) to Cap d’Agde
Seeing a Work Colleague in Naturist Resort. Funny and Moral Dilemmas
Buy the eBook
Get the Latest Cap d'Agde News by Email!
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Bookings.com
Booking.com
Affiliate Disclosure Disclosure: This page may contain affiliate links, meaning we receive a commission if you decide to make a purchase through our links, but this is at no additional cost to you.
from Google