http://www.isoaker.com/Info/termsofuse.php
::: iSoaker.com | Information Terms of Use/General Disclaimer
Terms of Use .:
If you have particular concerns with the following Terms of Use, please send in your questions via email (See: Submissions). By using this website, you agree to the following terms. In the event of a disagreement with any of the following, do NOT use this website. Where applicable, the singular also covers the plural and vice versa.
General Agreement Terms:
iSoaker.com is provided for informational and/or recreational purposes. All material on this website is provided AS IS with permission from the various author(s) and/or artist(s). Material from iSoaker.com is for personal and non-commercial use only. No material (written/text, graphics, video/movie, and/or other format not specifically listed) may be copied, reused, redisplayed, published, reformatted, and/or redistributed from the iSoaker.com website and its files without specific written consent from iSoaker.com. All rights reserved. These terms may be changed at any time without prior notice.
General Disclaimer:
iSoaker.com and its affiliates cannot and will not take any responsibility to any damages caused as a direct or indirect result of anything attempted after visiting this website. All information is provided AS IS without warranty of any kind. iSoaker.com reserves the right to add, change, replace, reformat any and/or all information on this site at any time without prior notice.
You assume all risks concerning the suitability and accuracy of information within this web site, materials, and documents. The website, materials, and documents may contain technical inaccuracies and/or typographical errors. iSoaker.com assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liability for any such inaccuracies, errors, and/or omissions in the website, materials, documents, and in any other reference. iSoaker.com will, of course, endeavor to correct any mistakes found or brought to light as quickly as possible to minimize the amount of errors on the site.
iSoaker.com is not affiliated with Larami Ltd., Hasbro Inc., Trendmasters Inc., Buzz Bee Toys Inc., or Wild Planet.
Privacy Policy:
iSoaker.com endeavors to maintain the personal privacy of its visitors and information submitters. No personal information shall be shared, sold, or distributed to any third-party without prior consent from the individual. Contact information for those registering with the iSoaker.com Soaker Network are posted only with consent of the individual/group. All other information gathered directly or indirectly through email, server statistics and/or any other means shall be kept in strict confidence unless consent for redistribution is specifically granted. Basically, iSoaker.com does all it can to maintain the privacy and confidence of its visitors and contributors.
News | All Articles | Top Picks | Buy Online
iSoaker.com History | Super Soaker History | Water Warriors Line History
iSoaker Heroes |
Water Blaster Hall of Fame at iSoaker.com
Submission Info | Statistics | Conversions | Glossary
Leave NO one dry! - iSoaker.com
iSoaker.com .:
News
Armoury |
Database
Tech / Repairs
Battle / Water Warfare
General Information
Quick Links .:
Help
About
Glossary
Search
Site Index
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Support This Site
©2000-2019 iSoaker.com. All rights reserved.