http://www.glass-uk.org/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Notice for our members
Who we are
Green Lane Association Limited (GLASS) is a company registered in England and Wales (company number 05369836) with a registered office at C/O Burgin & Co, Blue Pig Cottage, Grantham, Lincs, NG31 3RE.
This Privacy Notice is issued on behalf of the Green Lane Association Limited (GLASS) so when we mention GLASS, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, we are referring to the Green Lane Association Limited.
We are committed to respecting your privacy. This notice is to explain how we may use personal information we collect before, during and after your membership with us. This notice applies to you if you have registered to become or are a member of our Association. This notice explains how we comply with the law on data protection, what your rights are and for the purposes of data protection we will be the controller of any of your personal information.
We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office in the UK with reference number Z9046843.
Please read this privacy policy carefully in conjunction with our Cookie Policy.
1. Personal information we may collect from you
Depending on the type of membership you register for with us, you may initially provide us with or we may obtain personal information about you, such as information regarding your:
personal contact details that allows us to contact you directly such as name, title, email addresses and telephone numbers
gender
membership start and end date
records of your interactions with us such as telephone conversations, emails and other correspondence and your instructions to us
use of and movements through our online systems, passwords, personal identification numbers, IP addresses, user names and other IT system identifying information
CCTV footage and other information obtained through electronic means
images in video and/or photographic form and voice recordings
your marketing preferences so that we know whether and how we should contact you
any disciplinary and grievance information
Please note, any credit/debit card and other payment details that you use are not seen or recorded on our sites but go directly to Paypal, we have no access or sight of them.
2. Where we collect your information
We typically collect personal information about our members when you apply to become a member of the club, you register an account with us at MemberMojo.co.uk, when you purchase any services or products we offer, when you make a query and/or complaint or when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or in some other way.
We also may collect personal information about you from any third party references you provide as part of the application process for membership.
If you are providing us with details of referees, next of kin, beneficiaries, family members and emergency contacts they have a right to know and to be aware of how what personal information we hold about them, how we collect it and how we use and may share that information. Please share this privacy notice with those of them whom you feel are sufficiently mature to understand it. They also have the same rights as set out in the “Your rights in relation to personal information” section below.
3. Uses made of the information
The table below describes the main purposes for which we process your personal information, the categories of your information involved and our lawful basis for being able to do this.
Purpose
Personal information used
Lawful basis
To administer any membership you have with us and managin our relationship with you including dealing with payment and any support, service or product enquiries made by you.
All contact and membership details, transaction and payment information, records of your interactions with us, and marketing preferences.
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your membership contract with us.
To arrange and manage any contracts for the provision of any services or products.
Contact details, transaction and payment information. Records of your interactions with us.
This is necessary to enable us to properly administer and perform any contract for the provision of any services and products you have purchased from us.
To send you information which is included within your membership benefits package, including details about laning trips or shows related to club interests.
Contact and membership details.
This is necessary to enable us to properly manage and administer your membership contract with us.
To send you other marketing information we think you might find useful or which you have requested from us, including newsletters, information about membership, events, product and information about our commercial partners.
Contact details and marketing preferences.
Where you have given us your explicit consent to do so.
To answer your queries or complaints.
Contact details and records of your interactions with us.
We have a legitimate interest to provide complaint handling services to you in case there are any issues with your membership.
Retention of records.
All the personal information we collect.
We have a legitimate interest in retaining records whilst they may be required in relation to complaints or claims. We need to retain records in order to properly administer and manage your membership and run our association and in some cases we may have legal or regulatory obligations to retain records.
The security of our IT systems.
Your usage of our IT systems and online portals.
We have a legitimate interest to ensure that our IT systems are secure.
To gather evidence for possible grievance or disciplinary hearings.
All the personal information we collect.
We have a legitimate interest in doing so to provide a safe and fair environment for all members and to ensure the effective management of any disciplinary hearings, appeals and adjudications.
For some of your personal information you will have a legal, contractual or other requirement or obligation for you to provide us with your personal information. If you do not provide us with the requested personal information we may not be able to admit you as a member or we may not be able to properly perform our contract with you or comply with legal obligations and we may have to terminate your membership. For other personal information you may not be under an obligation to provide it to us, but if you do not provide it then we may not be able to properly perform our contract with you.
Where you have given us your consent to use your personal information in a particular manner, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time, which you may do by contacting us as described in the "Contacting us" section below.
Please note however that the withdrawal of your consent will not affect any use of the data made before you withdrew your consent and we may still be entitled to hold and process the relevant personal information to the extent that we are entitled to do so on bases other than your consent. Withdrawing consent may also have the same effects as not providing the information in the first place, for example we may no longer be able to provide certain member benefits to you.
4. Direct marketing
Email, post and SMS marketing: from time to time, we may contact you by email, post or SMS with information about products and services we believe you may be interested in.
You can let us know at any time that you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
5. Disclosure of your personal information
We share personal information with the following parties:
Any party approved by you.
supplying a password protected list of names and addresses to authorised distributors of GLASS publications
Police, law enforcement and security services: to assist with the investigation and prevention of crime and the protection of national security.
6. Transferring your personal information internationally
The personal information we collect is not transferred to and stored in countries outside of the UK and the European Union.
7. How long do we keep personal information for
The duration for which we retain your personal information will differ depending on the type of information and the reason why we collected it from you. However, in some cases personal information may be retained on a long-term basis: for example, personal information that we need to retain for legal purposes will normally be retained in accordance with usual commercial practice and regulatory requirements. Generally, where there is no legal requirement we retain all physical and electronic records for a period of 6 years after your last contact with us or the end of your membership. Exceptions to this rule are:
CCTV records which are held for no more than 30 days unless we need to preserve the records for the purpose of prevention and detection of crime;
User evidence data collected via Trialwise (TW2) will be held under commercial practice on a long term basis, as this could be called upon in the future for legal purposes and never expires.
Details regarding unsuccessful membership applicants where we hold records for a period of not more than 12 months.
Information that may be relevant to personal injury or discrimination claims may be retained until the limitation period for those types of claims has expired. For personal injury or discrimination claims this can be an extended period as the limitation period might not start to run until a long time after the event.
It is important to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date, and you should let us know if anything changes, for example if you change your phone number or email address. You may be able to update some of the personal information we hold about you membermojo.co.uk . Alternatively, you can contact us by using the details set out in the "Contacting us" section below.
8. Your rights in relation to personal information
You have the following rights in relation to your personal information:
the right to be informed about how your personal information is being used;
the right to access the personal information we hold about you;
the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you;
the right to request the erasure of your personal information in certain limited circumstances;
the right to restrict processing of your personal information where certain requirements are met;
the right to object to the processing of your personal information;
the right to request that we transfer elements of your data either to you or another service provider; and
the right to object to certain automated decision-making processes using your personal information.
You should note that some of these rights, for example the right to require us to transfer your data to another service provider or the right to object to automated decision making, may not apply as they have specific requirements and exemptions which apply to them and they may not apply to personal information recorded and stored by us. For example, we do not use automated decision making in relation to your personal data. However, some have no conditions attached, so your right to withdraw consent or object to processing for direct marketing are absolute rights.
Whilst this privacy notice sets out a general summary of your legal rights in respect of personal information, this is a very complex area of law. More information about your legal rights can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website at https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/.
To exercise any of the above rights, or if you have any questions relating to your rights, please contact us by using the details set out in the "Contacting us" section below. If you are unhappy with the way we are using your personal information you can also complain to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or your local data protection regulator. We are here to help and encourage you to contact us to resolve your complaint first.
9. Changes to this notice
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. When we change this notice in a material way, we will update the version date at the bottom of this page. For significant changes to this notice we will try to give you reasonable notice unless we are prevented from doing so. Where required by law we will seek your consent to changes in the way we use your personal information.
10. Contacting us
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to us at Green Lane Association Limited (GLASS), PO Box 107, Brecon, Powys, LD3 3DG
Cookie Policy
What is this policy about?
This policy is to provide you with information on cookies, about how GLASS makes use of them and how they relate to your privacy online.
About GLASS cookies - Supporting your informed choice
This policy is the first stage of achieving privacy compliance for all visitors to our site. The detail contained on this page is provided to ensure you are fully aware of the cookies we use, allowing you to make an informed choice about your continued acceptance of cookies. We are currently examining all elements of our web operations and working to meet the EU guidelines relating to protecting your privacy online. We want you to be confident in using our sites, and for you to be more than satisfied that your privacy is of utmost importance to us.
What are cookies?
Cookies are pieces of computer code that allow small amounts of information to be passed from your internet browser to our web server. They allow websites to recognise your PC, mobile, tablet or other device as you browse. For more detailed information about how cookies work, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Data passed by cookies will never contain your name, address, telephone number or payment details. GLASS will never disclose your personal details to any third parties.
Why do GLASS use cookies?
Cookies serve many functions. Some examples are that they allow us remember whether you are logged in to the site,or to remember what items you had in your shopping basket.
What cookies do GLASS use?
There are two types of cookie that may be used during your visit to a GLASS website:
1. Session cookies
Session cookies are deleted after each visit to our site. For example, when you are browsing a GLASS site, it will remember you for the duration of your visit, but the cookie will be removed from your computer as soon as you close down your internet browser. It is session cookies that allow you to add an item to the basket and then move through the checkout. Disallowing these cookies via your web browser will mean you are unable to place an order in our shop.
2. Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies remember you for a set period of time. On your first visit to a GLASS site, you will be presented with a default view. Over time, the version of the site you see may change, as persistent cookies remember items you have previously viewed, preference changes you have made, or whether you logged into or out of your account while browsing. By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Turning off and deleting cookies
Most web browsers will provide the option to turn off, or disallow cookies. How you do this depends on the web browser you're using. Instructions for disallowing cookies can usually be found in the browser's 'Help' menu. Note that in common with most other transactional websites, refusing cookies via your web browser will mean that you are unable to make a transactional purchase on GLASS' websites. You will also find that the functionality of many other websites and services will be affected. Cookies can be deleted using your web browser. However, unless they are disallowed they will be re-applied the next time you visit a website.
GLASS cookies
All data collected by our cookies is anonymous and will never contain your name, address, telephone number, email address or payment details. GLASS will never disclose your personal details to third parties without your permission.
Contact
If you have any further questions, would like any further clarification around our use of cookies or wish to discuss how we are embracing online privacy, please contact us This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Page last updated on: 24 July 2020
© 1995 - 2020 Green Lane Association Ltd
Data protection   Company details   Privacy policy   Terms of use
AboutWho we areWhere can I drive?Our code of conductEventsNewsSupport usAdvertiseMake a donationAffiliate ClubsShopOther infoContact usUseful linksClubs who support usMember DiscountsMembersMembers areaTW2ForumMy Membership detailsJoin GLASS