https://www.renntech.org/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
The RennTech.org community is Member supported!  Please consider an ANNUAL donation to help keep this site operating.
Click here to Donate
Welcome to RennTech.org Community, Guest
There are many great features available to you once you register at RennTech.org
You are free to view posts here, but you must log in to reply to existing posts, or to start your own new topic. Like most online communities, there are costs involved to maintain a site like this - so we encourage our members to donate. All donations go to the costs operating and maintaining this site. We prefer that guests take part in our community and we offer a lot in return to those willing to join our corner of the Porsche world. This site is 99 percent member supported (less than 1 percent comes from advertising) - so please consider an annual donation to keep this site running.
Here are some of the features available - once you register at RennTech.org
View Classified Ads
DIY Tutorials
Porsche TSB Listings (limited)
VIN Decoder
Special Offers
OBD II P-Codes
Paint Codes
Registry
Videos System
View Reviews
and get rid of this welcome message
It takes just a few minutes to register, and it's FREE
Contributing Members also get these additional benefits:
(you become a Contributing Member by donating money to the operation of this site)
No ads - advertisements are removed
Access the Contributors Only Forum
Contributing Members Only Downloads
Send attachments with PMs
All image/file storage limits are substantially increased for all Contributing Members
Option Codes Lookup
VIN Option Lookups (limited)
Privacy Policy
The RennTech.org privacy policy is intended to show our commitment to good (not for profit) business practices.
RennTech.org does not disclose to any third party your name, email address, or any other personal information that you may have supplied to us. RennTech.org uses your personal information only as needed to carry out our site operation and the business of supplying you with high-quality Porsche technical information.
Since RennTech.org does not accept payment directly (we use the PayPal service), we never see your credit card number or other sensitive payment information. RennTech.org is not responsible for the privacy practices of PayPal or other companies that provide services or technology that we use, but we will cease doing business with them if we discover that their business practices are substandard.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. This site uses SSL (https) for all traffic to help protect your privacy. Please report any misuse of this information here.
Log files are maintained and analyzed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognized by our web servers.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used on this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties. Cookies are used on this site.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
Latest Topics
Latest Tutorials
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
DIY Tutorials
DIY Tools
Back
Service and Wear Parts List
Porsche TSB Listings
Sunset Porsche Parts
Documents
Back
All Downloads
Option Code Lookup
External Paint Colors
Scouser's VIN Decoder
Classifieds
Registry
Videos
Links
Activity
Back
All Activity
My Activity Streams
Back
All DIY Tutorial Activity
Search
Guidelines
Support
Leaderboard
Donate
×
Create New...
Important Information
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can adjust your cookie settings, otherwise we'll assume you're okay to continue.
I accept