http://www.takeyourpet.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Come see what you're missing
Full access to pet friendly lodging directory of 40,000+ properties, reviews, and pictures
Exclusive members-only forum for pet travel to exchange ideas, trip reports, and more
Car rental discounts of up to 25%
Lodging discounts of up to 30% - whether your trip is with or without your pet!
Join the Club
Learn more
Lodging directory search
Search for pet friendly lodging Search now
Lodging map
See map of pet friendly lodging View now
Privacy Policy
At Takeyourpet, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We are very careful with what we do with your information. Please read on for more detail about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you visit our site, we use your domain and IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site. This site records the browser type to monitor market penetration of various web browsers so we can better determine the Internet technologies we may utilize in the design of our pages. This site uses page referrer data - that is, information about the page that linked you to this site - to determine to what extent our page is referenced by other resources on the web. If you enter our sweepstakes or subscribe to any email publications, we need to know your email address so we can contact you for a reason related to your entry or subscription. If you join, we need to know your name, mailing address, e-mail address, as well as credit card number and expiration date or bank routing and account numbers. This allows us to process and fulfill your request.
How do we protect your information?
When you join or access or update your account information, we use a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the member data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Protection of children's personal information.
Takeyourpet.com is a general audience site and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Will we disclose your e-mail address or other information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Net Publishing, LLC, or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Net Publishing, LLC, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Net Publishing, LLC employees, users of Net Publishing, LLC products or services, or members of the public. Your information may be transferred in connection with the sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise) of all or a portion of a business of Net Publishing, LLC.
E-mail opt-out policy
You can choose to opt out of receiving email from Takeyourpet.com at any time. To opt out of email messages from Takeyourpet.com simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email you received. If you no longer have the email you may simply send a request to us using the contact form.
In summary.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make using Takeyourpet.com as easy as possible and to enhance your overall experience.
Your consent
.
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
WIN A TRIP!
Every week we are giving away
a vacation in any of 20 places in the U.S. and Mexico
If you win - you
choose where to go! Enter now
our members say...
You are far and away the most complete source for pet-friendly properties.Joe LaBella
Great service. I really appreciated the time saved in looking at places that in the end did not take cats.The Clarke Family
Thank you for your service. In one week we traveled 2,400 miles. I used the information from your site and had clean, considerate hosts wherever we stopped.Ellyn Weir
I love your site - using it frequently.Dennis Cleary
Your website proved invaluable for our move with our two Terriers. The choice of accommodations was extensive with a range of prices to choose from.Valerie Bridges
Thank you - great site. You have always responded so quickly whenever I have had a question.Terry Chamberlin
Your website helped me with the accommodations that I needed during the evacuation from Hurricane Rita. Membership was worth it!Debra Baker
Very surprised at how comprehensive your list of lodging is.
Found that a lot of the hotels on your list were not on other sites' lists. I was able to find two perfect hotels - truly impressed.Amanda Hartin
Just made an internet reservation with Ramada using your discount number and got $43 off AARP rates.Sue Jarrett
Your service has been very helpful. I've traveled with my pet more comfortable than ever before, and I've recommended your site to a number of friends.Karen Fitts
Travel with our two has been so much easier and happier since we found you.Marcy Congdon
I was extremely impressed with your service, use it extensively, highly recommend it to my friends, and the fee was reasonable Thank you for such a good service.Susie Sev
Your site is the best petfriendly one. Liisa Wise
Love your web site. You have saved me a couple of times already. I travel with my two cats. I have always been able to find a place for us to stay from the list on your web site.Ed & Sandra Jolly
I am an avid fan. I travel frequently with my labs and using your website is a huge timesaver. We don't have to spend needless time trying to find sites for pet friendly accommodations.Julie Fisher
Love your web site. You guys do an awesome job.David Ormerod
Very much impressed. Moved our three pets from TN to CO and would not have been able to do it without your help. The site, hotel listings, and discounts were great. Prompt customer service!Douglas Steen
Very helpful staff.Judi Connelly
Wonderful site. Unlike any other. I found a pet-friendly place to stay in Florida on your site, which I could not find otherwise. This site is worth the membership fee and then some!Carmen Stine
Found your site -
very fortunate to have used it! Signed up as a member - thirty minutes later I had reservations. We saved over $90 due to Takeyourpet.com discounts!Julia Herz
This is a very helpful place as I did not realize so many places accept pets, and there are some really nice places!Anne Peluso
don't leave home without the exclusive
Takeyourpet directory of emergency veterinary hospitals Download now
pet travel newsletter
See back issues
Pet friendly lodging features, pet travel tips, and valuable travel and pet-related discounts!
Get the free Takeyourpet monthly newsletter: