http://www.netrider.net.au/help/terms
Home
Forums
Search Forums
Featured Threads
Recent Posts
Events
Search Events
New Events
Showcase
Search Showcase
Most Active Members
New Items
New Reviews
Reviews
Search
Brands
New Review Items
New Reviews
New Questions
Blogs
Search Blogs
Categories
Series
Blogs List
Authors
Featured Blog Entries
Featured Blogs
Featured Series
New Blog Entries
New Comments
New Reviews
Resources
Search Resources
Most Active Authors
Latest Reviews
Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Hints/Tips Topics
Premium Membership
Contact Us
Netrider History
Your name or email address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Welcome to Netrider ... Connecting Riders!
Interested in talking motorbikes with a terrific community of riders?Signup (it's quick and free) to join the discussions and access the full suite of tools and information that Netrider has to offer.
Register Now
Netrider
Home
Help
Terms of Service and Rules
Help
Premium Membership
Frequently Asked Questions
Warnings and Bans
Your Newsfeed
Change Your Username
Your Account
Your Avatar
Viewing a Forum
Alerts
Reporting Content
Your Profile
Your Privacy
Conversations
Status Updates
Reply with Quote
Creating Your First Thread
Watching Content
Signatures
Following Users
Ratings
Attachments / Uploads
Media
Your Preferences
Search
Linking / Mentioning another user
Terms and Rules
Etiquette
Whitelist Us
Advertise on Netrider
Smilies
BB Codes
Cookie Usage
Badge Information
New Users to the Site
Netrider Pty Ltd, ABN 74 096 993 370, (herein known as Netrider) is the provider ("we", "us", "our") of the service provided by this web site ("Service") are not responsible for any user-generated content and accounts ("Content"). Content submitted express the views of their author only.
This community relies on user-generated content from our member contributors. The opinions of our members are not those of site ownership who maintains strict editorial agnosticism and simply provides a collaborative venue for free expression.
You agree to not use the Service to submit or link to any Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains objectionable content or personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws.
All Content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members. All Content you submit or upload may be sent to, or integrated with, third-party verification software or services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
We reserve the rights to remove or modify any Content submitted for any reason without explanation. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken only at our discretion. We reserve the right to take action against any account with the Service at any time. Access to the Service is not guaranteed to you and access may be restricted or removed at any time for any reason.
You may not access the Service through automated or programmatic means (such as through a content scraper) without prior permission from us.
By submitting content on this site, you relinquish all exclusive copyrights to any materials you submit and furthermore, you grant Netrider non-exclusive, permanent, non-revocable worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license and rights to host, publish, re-publish, copy, distribute, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, create derivative works, and publicly perform the materials in perpetuity in all forms. This license applies to all works of authorship including, but not limited to, written materials (e.g., text), audio, audio-visual materials, videos, graphics, and images (including, but not limited to, graphics and images used as avatars). You also grant all third parties the right to copy, distribute, display, reproduces, and publicly perform the materials you post under the terms of the Creative Commons License.
Netrider has the authority to decide to display your content or not, and you grant Netrider the right to modify your content, remove offensive material, modify your content title(s) to accurately reflect its contents, remove vulgar comments, remove insults, or delete any other content deemed inappropriate, all at our discretion.
These terms may be changed at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check regularly and monitor for changes.
The rules set out below are considered part of these terms.
If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register, use, or continue usage of this Service.
Netrider Rules
As with any community, rules and guidelines are important to keep the community running smoothly. Please keep in mind our rules whenever posting to keep our community pleasant for members and guests alike.
The Netrider community is primarily a chat/discussion community. It is a community built around people getting and giving help and guidance. Your behaviour should reflect that. The rules here are not exhaustive and will be modified over time as necessary. Use common sense.
Access to the community is a privilege, not a right, and members who continually breach these rules will find themselves limited or removed from the community, regardless of the other contributions they have made.
We respect the privacy and sensitivity for family and friends when it comes to "rider down" situations. Please DON'T create a topic about a motorbike accident unless someone involved in the accident is personally known to you, you personally were involved, or it has been publicly reported within media. Uninformed speculation around the cause of an incident could be distressing to family and friends.
Netrider is generally rated MA15+. Do not post content that is profanity, illicit, pornography, hateful, threatening, overtly provocative, or vulgar. Links, websites, and/or discussion encouraging or containing illegal content or activity are also not permitted. Only material you might read, hear or see with a MA15+ rating is acceptable.
Do not attempt to circumvent the censoring options we have set up.
Be courteous and respect your fellow members. To be clear, personal attacks, aggressive messages, and passive-aggressive behaviour is unacceptable. If you take particular issue with another user and are unable to reply in a civilised and constructive way to their posts, you should ignore the user.
Content should always be constructive and on topic. For common issues, simply telling someone to search is not acceptable. If you disagree with content and feel the need to reply as such, it’s important that you explain why. Off-topic content may be moved or deleted as required.
If you feel another user is attacking or being aggressive towards you, report their message to staff. Do not respond publicly. This simply continues the back and forth that derails topics and makes them uncomfortable for other users. If someone attacks you and you respond with an attack, you will be warned regardless of who started it.
All content must be posted in English as it is not possible for us to moderate the site otherwise. In very specific cases (such as distributing a translation), foreign languages may be used provided an English translation is provided as well.
Do not 'bump' content unless you have something of value to add to the discussion. Replying to discussions which have been inactive for several months or longer should be avoided unless you have something of value to add.
Service and/or product providers related to motorcycling must identify themselves as such by joining the 'Vendors' user group, and may not solicit or entice via conversations unless direct communication is explicitly invited.
If you recommend a product or service and link to it with an affiliate code, you must disclose the affiliate relationship.
Personal information and private discussions may not be posted unless it’s clear that all parties involved have consented.
If a moderator or staff member takes an action or gives a directive (for example, to stop with a particular topic), you must adhere to this. If you discover a directive only after you’ve submitted a message that contravenes it, delete or report your content otherwise it will be taken to be ignoring moderators/staff.
If you have a problem with or question about a moderator’s decision, contact the moderator privately or submit a message through the contact system. Posts or topics discussing moderator actions will be removed.
Each user may only have one account. If duplicate accounts are discovered, the duplicates may be banned and/or merged into a single account without notice.
Classifieds
Netrider and its staff are NOT responsible for anything sold, purchased, traded, lent, or given away in the Classifieds (other than being responsible for their own ads). Each individual user submitting an ad is responsible for everything posted in their ads.
Please do your research on an individual before entering into a transaction with them. Check their review items. Ask for references. Look for potential red flags (no review item, brand new account, location discrepancies, non-standard payment options, etc.). Decide if the individual is someone you feel comfortable in conducting business with.
Netrider and its staff do not get involved in transactions. The Netrider administrators may consider intervening in case(s) of deliberate scamming conducted within our Classifieds (private deals will never be mediated) if BOTH parties are Netrider users. We will judge the available information and decide if there was a deliberate scam. If so, the scammer's account is subject to revocation of privileges, suspension, and/or banning. Even if we determine that a scam has occurred, we are not responsible for offering the victim a refund or other compensation. The victim may pursue legal action if desired; we will cooperate with any criminal investigations, and comply with any court orders.
By submitting an ad or responding to an offer, you agree that Netrider and its staff are not responsible for any actions or omissions of third parties. We are not liable for any loss of money or any other damages arising directly or indirectly out of transactions you may have with third parties.
By submitting an ad or responding to an offer, you agree to indemnify us (including staff members and volunteers) for any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
All Classifieds terms may be changed at any time without notice. Each time you Submit an ad or respond to an ad, you agree to abide by these terms.
Copyrighted Material
Community sites sometimes contain material in which users share material they have copied electronically from other sources. Because there are many thousands of possible sources spread out across the Internet, e.g., newspapers, scientific journals, social media, and forums, it is impossible to determine if any content on the Service infringes the copyright of another party. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify us so the situation can be promptly addressed.
Notification Instructions…
1. The notice must be in writing and addressed to Netrider as follows: "Copyright Infringement Notice". Please email to admin AT netrider.com.au.
2. It must contain a physical or electronic signature of the person authorised to act on behalf of the copyright owner of the work allegedly infringed.
3. The notice must clearly identify the work or works allegedly infringed.
4. As well as identifying the material which is allegedly infringing with some specific information about where the infringing material is located on the site.
5. The complaining party must provide contact info, such as an address, phone number, and email address.
6. The notice should state that the complaint is based on a good faith belief that the use of the material complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent or the law.
7. The notice must be made under penalty of perjury, and state that it is accurate, and that the complaining party is authorised to act on behalf of the copyright owner of the exclusive right(s) allegedly infringed.
Last Updated: 21/Oct/2020
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Twitter
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Netrider
Home
Help