http://www.wandinvalley.com.au/terms-conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
DISCLAIMER
All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure that the material on this website is correct and up-to-date. However, we do not make any guarantees
regarding accuracy.
We do not accept responsibility for any material contained on other websites.
ll visitors agree that access and use of this website is at their own risk.
PRIVACY POLICY
For each visitor to our website, information is automatically logged about each visitor and how they use the website (where possible). For example
a visitor's geographic location and website pages visited. These website statistics are used for internal review purposes only.
Cookies are used on this website to record user-specific information.
We collect information volunteered by website visitors. For example data submitted via website forms. If you have volunteered contact details for
marketing purposes and you would like to be removed from our lists, contact us via email, phone, fax or post.
We do not trade or sell any information that is volunteered or logged.
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information.
When third parties are used to provide us with supplementary business services we ensure that they adhere to strict security and privacy standards.
From time to time, we may use collected information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If our information
practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website.
Any concerns may be addressed to privacy@wandinvalley.com.au
ACCOMMODATION
It is the responsibility of those making the reservation to ensure they and their guests behave in an orderly manner whilst staying at Wandin
Valley Estate ( WVE ). WVE reserves the right to request that any guest behaving in a manner that is unreasonable, potentially dangerous
or disruptive to other guests or staff, be removed from the Estate.
Damage / Cleaning : General and normal cleaning is included in the accommodation Tariff . If any guest, during the course of their stay at
WVE, should damage any of the Villa's fixtures, fittings or contents and/or any other property of WVE, then an additional fee will apply
to cover any financial loss sustained by WVE. An additional cleaning fee will also apply if any of the Villas are left in a state that
is deemed unreasonable. Any of these aforementioned charges will be applied to the credit card that is supplied to WVE at check in.
No responsibility is accepted by WVE for any loss or damage to cars, or other property during your or your guests stay at WVE.
WVE responsibility: Should WVE prove unable to provide facilities reserved, due to circumstances beyond our control, no further claim other
than the entitlement to a full refund of any deposits made. WVE will endeavour to provide the client with as much notice as possible should
this situation arise.
Special Requirements: Any special requirements are to be discussed in full at the time of booking the accommodation, so that any issues and
associated costs can be fully considered.
Cancellation Policy: In the event of cancellation, the deposit paid is non-refundable unless a minimum of four weeks notice is given and the
villa is re-let.
Check in commences from 2pm on the day of the booking . Check out on the day of departure must occur before 10am. Should you have a specific
request for check in/out outside these times, prior arrangement must be made with WVE before your date of arrival.
Keys must be returned to Cellar Door prior to 10am on day of check out. - A fee of $50 per key will be charged to your Credit card if any Villa
keys are not returned to the Cellar Door prior to departure.
WEDDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Confirmation and Deposit
To secure your booking, we require a completed booking form and a $1,000 deposit. Please note that the deposit is non-refundable. Once Wandin has
received the form and deposit, we will send a Wedding Contract within 72 hours.
Payment
Payments can be made in cash, eft or credit card. Direct deposit receipts can be emailed to weddings@wandin.com.au.
Alternatively contact your Wedding Coordinator on +61 2 4930 9888 for credit card payments.
Final Balance
Once your deposit has been settled there are no further charges until 4 weeks prior to the event when the final balance is due. Failure to make
required payment by the due date may result in your booking being cancelled. Please note in this case no refund of prior payments will be given.
Venue Hire
Reception: Venue hire for your reception is included in the per person price and starts from when your reception package commences. if you would
like to extend your function beyond the included 5 hours; a fee of $450 per hour is applicable. This needs to be organised and paid for prior
to the event. Additionally, due to licencing requirements beverages in this extended period are only available on a consumption basis (tab)
or via cash bar.
Cricket Scoreboard: Wandin will update the scoreboard with your wedding details, on the day (prior to the ceremony commencing).
Onsite wedding ceremonies: There are 3 possible locations for onsite wedding ceremonies and fees apply.
Seasonal conditions: It is recommended that clients conduct their own research on the weather and temperature conditions expected for their function.
The grounds, including the vineyards, are also subject to seasonal maintenance i.e. wine harvest.
Guest Numbers
The number of guests required in the Cricketers Pavilion are:
Midweek: Minimum 60 adults and maximum 120 people
Saturday: Minimum 80 adults and maximum 120 people
Final numbers : Guest final numbers are required 4 weeks prior to your function. This number will be regarded as the final number for catering
purposes and you will be charged accordingly. Any extra guests attending after this time will need to be paid for prior to the event. In the
event that there are changes, a revised runsheet will be issued.
Provision of Service
Wandin provide all clients with a function runsheet and this forms part of the contract. The runsheet describes the agreed goods and services to
be provided to the client; including dates, times, number of guests, and food and beverage selections and setup requirements. Clients are required
to review this document and advise if any changes are needed.
Venue Set Up
Venue access: Clients can access the ceremony site on the day of their wedding. Clients can access the Pavilion from 10am on the day of their wedding
to add decorations. The Cricketers Pavilion is a licenced venue. Guests must be accompanied by a staff member at all times.
If you require earlier access to either the ceremony or reception venue, please send your request in writing to our Wedding Coordinator. We reserve
the right to approve or deny any requests and will provide a response within 72 hours.
Table configurations: Table configurations will be discussed in your planning meeting. We recommend a maximum of 10 guests per oval table. Long
table configurations will depend on the number of guests confirmed.
Decorations: Prior approval for all hanging decorations (floral or otherwise) is required 4 weeks prior to your function date. Wandin reserves
the right to confirm or deny the installation of decorations inside the Pavilion. If any decorations or installations are not removed from
the premise within the given times, a fee is applicable.
Suppliers: All suppliers accessing our venues must sign in and out of our guest register. All suppliers must hold their own insurances and abide
by all our restrictions and safety procedures. Suppliers are responsible for all waste removal from site and are not permitted to use Wandin’s
garbage bins.
Food Menu
Final menu selections must be made 4 weeks prior to your function and customised menu items are available on request. We cater for guests with
special dietary requirements e.g. vegetarian, celiac and allergies. There is no discount applied for special dietary meals as our Chef will
customise a meal to meet each requirement.
Beverages
Wandin’s Cricketers Pavilion is fully licensed and prohibits guests from bringing their own beverages onto the premises.
Minors under the age of 18 are prohibited by law from being served or consuming alcohol. Wandin will ensure the responsible consumption of alcohol
for the health and safety of it’s guests and staff.
Menu selections: Wine and beverage options are subject to change. Discuss your options with your Wedding Coordinator.
Beverage package: A 5 hour beverage package is available and beverages must be selected 4 weeks prior to your function.
Beverages on consumption: Wandin’s requirements for a consumption tab includes a minimum spend of $20 per person. This amount acts as a deposit
and is required to be paid 4 weeks prior to the function. All consumption tabs are to be settled at the conclusion of the function and we require
you to complete a Credit Card Pre-Authorisation Form, which provides details including beverage selections, monetary limit etc.
Cancellations
In the unfortunate case of cancellation, the costs will be as follows:
More than 270 days prior: Initial deposit
269 days to 180 days: Initial deposit and 25% of total cost quoted
179 days to 90 days: Initial deposit and 50% of total cost quoted
Within 89 days: Initial deposit and 100% of total cost quoted
Change of date: If a client requires a change of date, the request must be made in writing to General Manager. Wandin reserves the right to approve
or deny any change of date request.
An administration fee of $250 is applicable for all changes made more than 270 days prior to your function date. If changes are made within 270
days prior; costs will be incurred due to loss of business. These will be outlined in the response from the General Manager.
Liability and Responsibility
The client shall be liable in full for all costs and charges incurred as a result of the agreed booking. The client and their guests are liable
for any damages incurred to any of the booked venues including the cricket oval and surrounding grounds.
Wandin accepts no responsibility for any loss or damage to equipment, merchandise or other property left on the premises - prior to, during or
after the function.
Additional cleaning, repairs and maintenance: General cleaning is included in the cost of the event. Additional fees apply if any function requires
additional cleaning, repair or maintenance work. The client is responsible for the financial loss or damage sustained to Wandin during the
course of their stay.
Fixings : Nothing is to be screwed, stapled, pinned or adhered to any wall, floor, door, ceiling, furnishings or other soft surfaces or part of
the venue.
Responsible Service - Wandin will ensure that all liquor licence obligations and Responsible Service of Alcohol requirements are upheld to ensure
successful management of your function.
Our staff reserve the right to:
Refuse service to persons under 18 years of age and to persons who show signs of intoxication.
Request that a guest leave or be removed if they behave in an unreasonable, potentially dangerous or disruptive manner towards the well being
of other guests or staff.
Nominated RSA contact: Clients are required to nominate a person that our Function Supervisor can speak with in relation to any RSA or behavioural
issues should they arise duration the function.
Unforeseen Circumstances
If Wandin is unable to provide the facilities reserved due to circumstances beyond our control, no further claim other than the entitlement to
a full refund of any deposits paid may be made and we will provide as much notice as possible.
Wandin reserves the right to cancel this booking at it’s sole discretion if the information provided changes, is incomplete, there is an error
or omission, payment is not received on time or the function is likely to breach our Liquor Licence or DA approval.
A full refund of the deposit will be provided if Wandin cancels your booking.
WANDIN
12 WILDERNESS ROAD,
LOVEDALE NSW AUSTRALIA 2320
Terms & ConditionsContact UsNewsLiquor License