http://www.loganair.co.uk/info/your-data-and-privacy/
Loganair | Fly To More UK Destinations Than Any Other Airline
Info
Your data and privacy
Your data and privacy
At Loganair, we expect our own data to be kept safe and secure, it is for that reason we have always taken our duty of protecting your personal data seriously, in addition to any legislative requirements.
Nevertheless, legislation is changing, with the new General Data Protection Regulation being enforced from the 25th May 2018. Subsequently, so must the way we process, secure and share your data – details of which can be found in our updated Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy also informs you of what your statutory rights are in relation to any data we hold about you.
Additionally, we are now making it easier than ever for you to access, change or delete any data we hold about you – please see further details below.
Your data and privacy
Your data and privacy
Data Access Request
If you wish to view data we hold about you, simply fill out the form below, and we will process your request within 30 days.
To verify your identity, we will require some data from you in the request form. This will be deleted once your request is complete.
Do want to delete your data in the same request?
If you wish to both access and delete data held about you, simply type “DELETE DATA” in the applicable box below.
Note: Due to contractual obligations and other regulations out-with GDPR which concern safety, security or compensation – we cannot delete all data held about you in a number of instances. However, if you wish, we can stop marketing to you, at anytime – simply update your preferences.
Please find the data access request form here.
Data Change Request
If you wish to update or change data we hold about you, simply fill out the form on the below, and we will process your request within 30 days.
Before making a change request – remember, the quickest way to update your details is via the following methods:
Update your marketing information via our on-line form hereUpdate your Clan Loganair account information hereOtherwise, please use the “Changes Required” box to specify the previous details you wish to update, along with the changes you wish to make.
To verify your identity, we will require some data from you in the request form. This will be deleted once your request is complete.
Please find the data change request form here.
Data Deletion Request
If you wish to delete data we hold about you, simply fill out the form on the below, and we will process your request within 30 days.
Please use the deletion box to specify what data you would like deleted i.e address, postcode etc, or if you wish for us to delete all data we hold about you simply type “DELETE ALL”.
Note: Due to contractual obligations and other regulations out-with GDPR which concern safety, security or compensation – we cannot delete all data held about you in a number of instances. We can however stop marketing to you, at anytime – simply update your preferences.
To verify your identity, we will require some data from you in the request form. This will be deleted once your request is complete.
Please find the data deletion request form here.
Stop Hearing From Us
We love to stay connected with you, but if you wish to stop hearing from us, you can do so anytime by unsubscribing from our communications here.
If you are subscribed to our mailing list for the travel trade – please unsubscribe here.