http://www.keywestexpress.net/terms-of-use
X
SALE..SALE.. HOLIDAY VOUCHERS SALE..SALE.. ONLY $99 Round-Trip Click Here
Home
Fares
Your Experience
Going to Key West
Going to Fort Myers Beach
Going to Marco Island
FAQ
Key West Webcams & More
Fleet
Raving Fans
Groups
Blog
Gift Certificates
Contact
Covid-19
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE:
The Terms of Use apply to your use of the website keywestexpress.net and any website operated by Key West Express LLC or its affiliates or subsidiaries on which these Terms are posted and any services, products, content or applications made available on the Site.   Your use of Site is your acknowledgement and acceptance of terms.  If you do not agree to any of the Terms of Use contained herein, do not access, visit or use the Site.  We reserve the right to change, modify or amend these Terms and user is solely responsible for reviewing and familiarizing yourself with any changes.  None of  our employees, representatives or agents have the right to modify terms orally or otherwise.
We reserve the right, for any reason whatsoever and in our sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any of our Site offerings or other features of the Site, including, but not limited to, content, feature, schedules, fares and availability of products and services without liability thereto.   Key West Express products, including but not limited to tickets and vouchers, are NOT for RESALE and are NON-TRANSFERABLE. Key West Express, LLC, along with its respective affiliates, officers, managers, directors, members, stockholders, agents, employees, successors and assigns, and its affiliates’ officers, managers, directors, members, stockholders, agents, employees, successors and assigns (collectively “Related Parties”), is not responsible or liable for the loss, misuse or misrepresentation of tickets or vouchers over the internet, electronic communication or any other means or methods. The user of the Site and Purchaser assumes all responsibility of the transaction and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless, Key West Express LLC and its Related Parties from and against all claims, damages and losses, including but not limited to, incidental, consequential, exemplary and punitive damages, and all attorneys’ fees and costs (at trial and all appellate levels), arising out of, or in connection with the transaction.
We make certain services and information available to guests of the site. The linked sites and content contained therein are available as a guest convenience, and are not under the control of Key West Express, LLC. Guests acknowledge and accept that all links, activities, and services associated with such sites are provided by independent contractors that are not agents or representatives of Key West Express, LLC and that Key West Express, LLC and its Related Parties are not and shall not be responsible or liable for any activity or service provided by such independent contractors nor for the content or privacy practices of those sites. The guest expressly assumes the full risk of utilizing such sites and agrees to hold harmless Key West Express, LLC and its Related Parties from any claims arising from or out of the use of such sites.
By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement.
PRIVACY POLICY:
Key West Express is sensitive to and respectful of your privacy. We are committed to ensuring the privacy of your personally identifiable information and protecting your financial transactions.  We do not sell your personal information or data, and only share it with the persons or entities, and for the purposes described herein and within Terms of Use.  This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for the data that we collect:
through websites operated by us, or on our behalf now or in the future, through which you(collectively, the “Websites”)
are accessing this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to this website, applications made available through this site and online booking engine or our website vendors for us
through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and
mobile devise (the “Apps”)
through HTML-formatted email messages that we send you that link to the websites with this Privacy Policy and through your communications with us
when you interact with us when you visit any of our locations or travel with us as a guest and Media Pages, (“Online Services”), together we collectively refer to herein as the “Services.”
through other offline interactions (“Offline Services”) and the Websites, the Apps and our Social Media Pages, ("Online Services"), together we collectively refer to herein as the "Services."
By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Communication Preferences
We want to engage with you in a way that is valuable to you, including how often you want to hear from us. To unsubscribe to any communications from us, use the “unsubscribe” link contained at the bottom of any of our communications to you.  NOTE:  Even if you choose to opt out of communications, we will continue to send you transactional messages about your reservations or travel, including pre-arrival or post-arrival messages, payment, administrative information, confirmations, thank you’s and guest satisfaction surveys.
Other Preferences
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide disclosures for purposes of the European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").
If you are a EU resident looking to exercise your individual rights under the GDPR or a California Resident looking to exercise your individual rights under the CCPA, please contact us at privacy@keywestexpress.net or:
Key West Express, LLC
Attention: Privacy
P.O. Box 2460
Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
If we don’t hear from you, or you don’t choose any of the preferences described herein, you are telling us that you do not choose to elect preferences or exercise such rights.
For your protection, you may be asked to satisfactorily verify your identity before we respond
Collection of Personal Data
“Personal Data” are data that identify you as an individual or related to an identifiable individual.
At touchpoints throughout your guest experience and journey, through the Services, and perhaps otherwise, we collect Personal Data, in some cases as is required by law, such as:
Name
Gender
Postal address
Telephone number
Email address
Credit and debit card number or other payment data
Financial information in limited circumstances
Language preference
Date and place of birth
Nationality, passport, visa or other government issued identification data
Important dates, such as birthdays, anniversaries and special occasions
Membership or loyalty program data (including co-branded payment cards, travel partner program affiliations)
Employer details
Travel itinerary, tour group or activity data
Prior guest journeys or interactions, goods and services purchased, special service and amenity requests
Geolocation information
Social media account ID, profile photo and other data publicly available
In more limited circumstances, we may also collect:
Data about family members and companions, such as names and ages of children
Biometric data, such as digital images
Images and video and audio data via: a) security cameras located in public areas, such as hallways and common areas on our properties and on our vessels and b) body-worn cameras carried by crew, agents and other security personnel
Guest preferences and personalized data (“Personal Preferences”), such as your interests, activities, hobbies, food and beverage choices, services and amenities of which you advise us or which we learn about during your interactions with us
In the past 12 months, if California residents have used this website all of the above listed Personal Data (that may be within CCPA categories or covered by CCPA) may have been collected from you.
If you submit any Personal Data about other people to us or our Service Providers (i.e., if you make a reservation for another individual), you represent that you have the authority to do so and do hereby consent on your own behalf, and on behalf of anyone you are assisting, to permit us to use the data (as defined herein) collected in any way by us, including through Services in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Collect Personal Data
We collect Personal Data, including through the Services, in a variety of ways:
Property Visits and Offline Interactions. When you visit our properties or use on-property services and outlets, such as concierge services, food & beverage services and retail outlets. We also collect Personal Data when you attend promotional events that we host or in which we participate, or when you provide your Personal Data to facilitate an event.
Online Services. When you make a reservation, purchase goods and services from our Websites or Apps, communicate with us, or otherwise connect with us or post to social media pages, or sign up for a newsletter or participate in a survey, contest or promotional offer.
Customer Care Centers. When you make a reservation over the phone, communicate with us by email, social media, fax or via online chat services or contact customer service. These communications may be recorded for purposes or quality assurance and training.
Other Sources. We collect Personal Data from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners and other third parties.
Internet Connected Devices. Internet connected devices available in our properties and locations.
Physical & Mobile Location Based Services. We may collect the precise physical location of your device by using satellite, cell phone tower, WiFi signals or other technologies, if you download one of our Apps or choose to participate in certain programs. We will collect this data if you opt in through the App or other program (either during your initial login or later) to receive special offers and to enable location-driven capabilities on your mobile device.   If you have opted in, the App or other program will continue to collect data until you log off or close application or if you use other device settings to disable location capabilities for the App or other program.
Collection of Other Data
“Other Data” are data that generally do not reveal your specific identity or do not directly relate to an individual. To the extent Other Data reveal your specific identity or related to an individual, we will treat Other Data as Personal Data.  Other Data Include:
Browser and device data
App usage data
Data collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic data and other data provided by you
Aggregated data
How We Collect Other Data
We collect Other Data in a variety of ways:
Browser or Device. We collect certain data through browsers or automatically through an end-user, such as the Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Online Services (such as the Apps) being used.  We use this data to ensure that the Online Services function properly.
Use of the Apps. We collect certain data when a user downloads and uses an App, such as App usage data, the data and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what data and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Cookies. We collect certain data from cookies, which are pieces of data stored directly on the computer or mobile device being used. Cookies allow us to collect data such as browser type, time spent on the Online Services, pages visited, referring URL, language preferences, and other aggregate traffic data. We use the data for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display data more effectively, to collect statistical data, to personalize the user experience while using the Online Services and to recognize the end-user computer to assist in the use of the Online Services. We also gather statistical data about use of the Online Services to continually improve design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving issues and questions.    Refer to specific Cookies Policy.
Pixel Tags and other Similar Technologies: We collect data from pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs), which are used with some Online Services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Online Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of Online Services.
Analytics. We collect data through Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and other similar technologies, which use cookies and technologies to collect and analyze data about the use of the Services. These Services collect data regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.
Adobe Flash Technology (such as Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”) and Other Similar Technologies. We collect data through Flash LSOs and other technologies on Websites to, among other things, collect and store data about your use of the Online Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage. Please note that setting Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including those used with the Online Services.
Your IP Address. We collect your IP address, a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files when a user accesses the Online Services, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. We use IP address to calculate usage levels, diagnose server problems and administer the Online Services. We also may derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Aggregated Data. We may aggregate data that we collected and this aggregated data will not personally identify you or any other user.
Use of Personal Data and Other Data
We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide you with Services, to develop new offerings and to protect Key West Express, LLC and its Related Parties and our guests as detailed below. In some instances, we will request that you provide Personal Data or Other Data to us directly.  If you do not provide the data that we request, or prohibit us from collecting such data, we may not be able to provide the requested Services.  If you are a California Resident, it is likely that your Personal Data has been used on the manners provided below.
We use Personal Data and Other Data for our legitimate business interests to provide Services you request, as well as the following:
To facilitate reservations, payment, send administrative information, confirmations, pre-arrival or post-arrival messages, to assist you with events and to provide you with other information about the area and associated products and services.
To complete your reservation, for example, to process your payment, ensure availability and provide you with related customer service.
To support our electronic receipt program. When you provide an email address in making a purchase or making a reservation, we use that email address to send you a copy of your purchase, travel itinerary, payment details or the product itself.
If you make a reservation for another person using your email address, that person’s documents will be emailed to you as well.
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to manage our contractual relationship with you, because we have a legitimate interest to do so and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
Personalize the Services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to personalize the Services and improve and customize your experiences and present offers tailored to your Personal Preferences, including when you contact us by phone, visit one of our property locations or use the Online Services.
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to provide personalized Services according to your Personal Preferences either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
Communicate with you about Goods and Services According to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to send you marketing communications and promotional offers, as well as periodic customer satisfaction, market research or quality assurance surveys.
We will use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
Sweepstakes, Activities, Events and Promotions. We use Personal Data and Other Data to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules and may contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Data. We suggest that you read any such rules carefully.
We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
Business Purposes. We use Personal Data and Other Data for data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention (including with the use of closed circuit televisions and other security systems), developing new products and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our products and services, identifying trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way to manage our contractual relationship with you, comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
Disclosure of Personal Data and Other Data
Our goal is to provide you with the highest level of hospitality and Services, and to do so, we share Personal Data and other Data with the following:
Related Parties. We share Personal Data and Other Data with Related Parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as providing and personalizing the Services, communicating with you, and to accomplish our business purposes.
Corporate Restructuring. We may disclose or transfer your Personal Data and Other Data to a third party in the event of any restructuring, business reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets or stock (including in any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Service Providers.  We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to third-party service providers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Examples of service providers include companies that provide website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, auditing and other services.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We will use and disclose Personal Data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: a) to comply with applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; b) to comply with legal process; c) to respond to request from public and government authorities, including outside of your country of residence and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; d) to enforce our terms and conditions; e) to protect our operations; f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety of Key West Express property and that of affiliates, related parties, you or others; and g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We may use and disclose Other Data for any purpose, except where we are not allowed to under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Data with Personal Data (such as combining your name with your location).  If we do, we will treat the combined data as Personal Data as long as it is combined.
As to all uses of the Personal Data of California residents, we believe we have shared your information as allowed by and as is consistent with the requirements of the CCPA.
Non-Entities
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, data or other practices of any entities outside of Key West Express, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link, payment service, loyalty program, or website that is the landing page of the high-speed Internet providers at our locations. The inclusion of a link on the Online Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us.  We have no control over, and are not responsible for any third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
In addition, we are not responsible for the data collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other App developer, App provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacture, including with respect to any Personal Data you disclose to other organizations through or the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
Third Party Advertisers
We may use third party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may interest you when you access and use the Online Services, other websites or online services. To serve such advertisements, these companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags).
Sale of Personal Data
We do not sell your personal data to any third-person or entity.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organization, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Data. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please contact us at privacy@keywestexpress.net or:
Key West Express, LLC
Attention: Privacy
P.O. Box 2460
Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
Choices, Access and Retention
You have choices when it comes to how we use your data and we want to ensure you have the information to make that choices that are right for you. If you no longer want to receive marketing related emails, you may opt out by following the instructions in any such email you receive from us.  We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.  If you opt out of receiving marketing emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
If you do not agree to any of the Terms of Use or Privacy Policy contained herein, do not access, visit or use the Site.
Rights of California Residents under the CCPA
If you are a California resident, you may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Data described above that we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Data.
The business or commercial purposes for collecting such Personal Data.
The categories of Personal Data about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such personal information.
The specific pieces (e.g., copies) of Personal Data we have collected about you.
California residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of Personal Data under certain circumstances, although there may be legal or other reasons that we will retain your information.
In some instances, we may decline to honor your request.  For example, we may decline to honor your request if we cannot verify your identity or confirm that the Personal Data that we maintain relates to you, or if we cannot verify that you have the authority to make a request on behalf of another individual.  In other instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Data would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another consumer or where the Personal Data that we maintain about you is not subject to the CCPA.  Nonetheless, you have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
How can I Updated and Access my Information (Exercise my Data Subject Rights)?
If you would like to exercise any data subject right available to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), including access, review, updated, rectify, or delete any Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, please contact us at privacy@keywestexpress.net or:
Key West Express, LLC
Attention: Privacy
P.O. Box 2460
Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
Our Privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible. Please note that we may still use any aggregated and anonymized Personal Information that does not identify any individual and may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we often need to retain certain data for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (i.e., when you make a purchase or reservation, or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal data provided until after the completion of such purchase, reservation or promotion). We are also required to maintain certain data as required by applicable law, government agencies and law enforcement. There may also be residual data that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not removed.  In addition, there may be certain data that we may not allow you to review for legal, security or other reasons.
Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provided the Services to you (for example, as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services).
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them).
Whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Sensitive Data
Unless specifically requested, we ask that you not send us, and not disclose, on or through the Services or otherwise to us, any Sensitive data (i.e., social security numbers, national identification number, data related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion, ideological or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, trade union membership, or administrative or criminal proceedings and sanctions).
Use of Services by Minors
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18), and prohibited for any person under this age to use Services and they are not to provide Personal Data through the Services. However, to the extent you provide us any information as to minors, providing such information shall be your consent, on the minor’s behalf, to our use and retention of this data.
Updates to this Privacy Statement
The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Online Services.  Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.  If you would like to review the version of the Privacy Statement effective immediately prior to this revision, please contact privacy@keywestexpress.net.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact privacy@keywestexpress.net, or:
Key West Express, LLC
Attention: Privacy
P.O. Box 2460
Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
Because email or postal communications may not always be secure, please do not include credit card or Sensitive Data in your correspondence.
Cookies & Third Party Internet Services:
On our website we use cookies, third party vendors; including Google and similar technologies to optimize your guest experience.
A cookie is a small computer file stored on your computer that a web browser provides to a site for the main purpose of identification. When you access our website, our servers may record personally identifiable information.  This includes but is not limited to:  your navigation of our site, the device and network you are using to connect to the internet, including your IP address.
This feature allows us the ability to provide information based upon your preferences, improve customer service, enhance website functionality and increase marketing efficiency.  We also use Google Analytics and other third party services for re-marketing and analyzing  our website.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies however, if you do not wish to have cookies on  your computer you may disable them from your browser.  Be aware that disabling cookies may prevent certain features and options on our website from functioning properly.
Prepare, Plan & Go!
Places To Go
Shopping, museums, tours, water activities
Explore Now
Places To Stay
Resorts, B&Bs, Waterfront
Explore Now
Places To Eat
Famous Bars, Fresh Seafood, Waterfront
Explore Now
More Links
Home
FAQ
Fleet
Contact Us
Gift Certificate
Jobs
Pay Balance
Key West
100 Grinnell Street Key West, FL 33040
239-463-5733
Fort Myers Beach
1200 Main Street Ft. Myers Beach, Florida 33931
239-463-5733
Marco Island
951 Bald Eagle Drive Marco Island, FL 34145
239-463-5733
Contract of Carriage                     Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
Copyright 2020 | Web Design & Inbound Marketing by Impulse Creative
Select Destination
Fort Myers Beach to Key West
Key West to Fort Myers Beach
Marco Island to Key West
Key West to Marco Island
#Adults (13-61)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
#Seniors (62+)
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
Book a Trip Now
Book Now