http://www.wesonline.org.uk/useful-links/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | WESWriting Equipment Society
Create Account
LoginHomeAboutWES MembershipCouncilLibrarianNewsEventsShopForumContactPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyEffective From Date: April 26, 2018This Privacy Policy applies to the The Writing Equipment Society owned and operated websites and its subdomains (“Sites”). The Writing Equipment Society, (The Writing Equipment Society,” “we,” or “us”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by The Writing Equipment Society when you access the Sites, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources. The use of information collected through our Sites shall be limited to the purposes under this Privacy Policy.Information We Collect.(a) Our Service: We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number, email address, home address or similar, when you submit an enquiry, create an account or purchase a product on our Sites online shop. We occasionally send promotional emails only if you have opted in to receiving our marketing emails; however, we may send you service related emails related to your account. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you may opt out of them by canceling your account.(b) Cookies And Tracking Technologies: Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by The Writing Equipment Society and our partners (such as advertising, marketing and analytics), affiliates or analytics or service providers. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Sites, tracking users’ movements around the Sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by such companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. Our partners may also use such technologies to deliver advertisements to you as described below. We use cookies to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Sites, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Sites may be limited.(c) Log File Information: Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile application each time you access our Sites. For example, when you access our Sites, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your operating system, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and other such information. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.(d) Information Related To Data Collected: The Writing Equipment Society collects your name and email and any other information you provide when either contacting us online or shopping on our Sites online store.(e) Access And Retention Of Data Controlled: An individual who is a current or former The Writing Equipment Society customer who seeks access or wishes to correct, amend or delete inaccurate data should either login to their account if applicable or contact us. If we receive a request, we will acknowledge it within seventy-two (72) business hours and handle it promptly and as required by law.We will retain personal data we process for as long as needed to provide our services. The Writing Equipment Society will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.How We Use Your Information. We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our Sites, respond to your enquiries and to help improve our online offerings.How We Share Your Information.(a) Personally Identifiable Information: The Writing Equipment Society will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others. We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of The Writing Equipment Society (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on our Sites, such as posting comments, will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on our Sites, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our Sites, or if other users have copied or saved that information.(b) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns.(c) Instances Where We Are Required To Share Your Information: The Writing Equipment Society will disclose your information where required to do so by law, if subject to subpoena or other legal proceeding or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of The Writing Equipment Society, our users or others.(d) What Happens In The Event Of A Change Of Control: We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as customer names and email addresses, and other User information related to The Writing Equipment Society may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganizations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.(e) Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting: We do no display advertising on our Sites.(f) Testimonials: We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us.Storage and Processing. Your information collected through the The Writing Equipment Society may be stored and processed in the Europe, the United States or any other country in which The Writing Equipment Society or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. The Writing Equipment Society may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we will not transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.How We Protect Your Information. The Writing Equipment Society is concerned with protecting your privacy and data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to The Writing Equipment Society or guarantee that your information on the The Writing Equipment Society may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. When you enter sensitive information (such as log in credentials) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us.GDPR. Please review our GDPR page to find out about our approach to GDPR.Compromise of Personal Information. In the event that personal information is compromised as a breach of security, The Writing Equipment Society will promptly notify our customers in compliance with the appropraite law.Data Access, Correction, Deletion, and Opt Out. For current The Writing Equipment Society customers you can review, correct, update or delete inaccuracies to the information about you that The Writing Equipment Society keeps on file by contacting us. We will acknowledge your request within seventy-two (72) hours and handle it promptly and as required by law. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.Children’s Privacy. Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, The Writing Equipment Society does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.Notification Procedures. It is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the Service, as determined by The Writing Equipment Society in its sole discretion. We reserve the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in this Privacy Policy.Links to Other Web Sites. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the The Writing Equipment Society or Sites, including the information or content contained therein. When you use a link to go from The Writing Equipment Society or Sites to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.Social Media Widgets: Our Site may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and other widgets, that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the organization providing it.Changes to Our Privacy Policy. All changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the ‘effective date’ at the top of this page.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us, or send mail to:The Writing Equipment Society79 Trent Valley RoadLichfieldWS13 6EZWES on InstagramView InstagramAccept cookiesThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website