http://www.birdnetinformation.co.uk/indexphp/privacy_policy/index.html
Privacy Policy
Retirement - Birdnet CLOSING DOWN April 2017
Home
Products & Services
Start your Trial
Website Live News
Twitter
BirdNet Pager
BirdNet Rarity Pager
Contact
Login
Call us on 0115 871 2888 or TXT your Sightings to 07581 302 260
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Allow you to log on to our customer only sections
To process subscription transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive or Mobile device through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember your logon details and process the subscriptions.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.birdinformation.co.uk
94 Common RoadHuthwaiteSutton-in-AshfieldNG17 2JT
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Tel: 0115 871 2888
Follow us on twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Retirement - Birdnet CLOSING DOWN April 2017HomeProducts & ServicesContactLogin
Terms & Conditions
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Bird Information LtdUK Company No: 6789332 BirdNet Information LtdUK Company No: 5170296Bird Information Ltd 94 Common Road Huthwaite Sutton-in-Ashfield NG17 2JT P: 0115 871 2888services@birdinformation.co.uk
Designed by Bird Information Ltd
JavaScript is currently disabled.Please enable it for a better experience of Jumi.