http://www.badfrog.com/privacy-policy
BAD FROG
Cart
0
Bad Frog Store
Gallery
Our Story
Contact
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy:Bad Frog Brewery LLC (Email: support@badfrog.com) operates Badfrog.com and its subdomain. It is Badfrog.com's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Badfrog.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Badfrog.com's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Badfrog.com's visitors use its website. From time to time, Badfrog.com may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Badfrog.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on eWorld Link blogs/sites. Badfrog.com only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Badfrog.com's websites choose to interact with Badfrog.com in ways that require Badfrog.com to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Badfrog.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at eWorld Link to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Badfrog.com are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Badfrog.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Badfrog.com. Badfrog.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsBadfrog.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Badfrog.com may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Badfrog.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationBadfrog.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Badfrog.com's behalf or to provide services available at Badfrog.com's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Badfrog.com's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Badfrog.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Badfrog.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Badfrog.com believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Badfrog.com, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Badfrog.com website and have supplied your email address, Badfrog.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Badfrog.com and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Badfrog.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Badfrog.com uses cookies to help Badfrog.com identify and track visitors, their usage of Badfrog.com website, and their website access preferences. Badfrog.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Badfrog.com's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Badfrog.com's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Badfrog.com, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Badfrog.com goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Badfrog.com may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Badfrog.com and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Badfrog.com may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Badfrog.com's sole discretion. Badfrog.com encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Badfrog.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Back to topAdditional Information & DisclaimerImages & Videos are released under Creative Commons CC0. To the extent possible under law, images uploaded to image consolidator from where received have waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to these Images. Images are allowed for adaption to use for commercial purposes without attributing the original author or source. Platform is open source and implement via Developer License(s).