http://www.undercliff.com.au/index.php?page=legals
home
cellar door
wine & gifts
View Cart
cottage
art
art
functions
guestbook
news
location
contact
terms and conditions
Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
Respecting your privacy
Undercliff Winery is committed to supporting the privacy of our customers and for the Fair Handling of Personal Information' which set clear standards for the collection, access, storage and use of personal information which we obtain as part of our business operations.
Our respect for our customers right to privacy of their personal information is paramount. We have policies and procedures to ensure that all personal information, no matter how or where it is obtained, is handled sensitively, securely, and in accordance with the National Privacy Principles.
What personal information do we collect and store?
So that we can provide services to you, we may ask for personal details such as your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. Some examples of where we may need these details are sending of a news letter, information on wine vintages, home delivery of wine and gifts, or competitions. Privacy law requires us to collect personal information about you only from you if it is reasonable and practical to do so.
Undercliff takes measures to ensure your personal information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration. We also take measures to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information when it is no longer required. The types of measures we take vary with the type of information, and how it is collected and stored.
Generally, you have no obligation to provide any information requested by us. If you choose to withhold requested information however, we may not beable to provide you with the goods and services that depend on the collection of that information, particularly if the collection of that information is required by law, for example the Liquor Act 1982 when purchasing alcohol, proof of age is required.
How is personal information used?
The personal information that we ask for is generally used to provide goods or services to you. For example, for a credit card transaction we need your card number, and for a competition we need your contact details so we can contact you if you win. We may also use your personal information in other ways to provide you with superior service. This may include using your personal information to advise you of our wines, gifts and special events such as art exhibitions and other events held at Undercliff Winery. You have the right to tell us that you do not want us to send information to you other than for the main purpose for which we have collected your personal details.
Access to your personal information
We will provide you with access to any of your personal information we hold. If you require access to your personal information, please e-mail finewines@undercliff.com.au. If you need to update your information (eg. if you change your address, contact details etc), please contact us.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that www.undercliff.com.au is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
More information
More information about Privacy law and the National Privacy Principles is available from the Federal Privacy Commissioner at www.privacy.gov.au
© 2020 Undercliff WinerySite by intellinet - legals - sitemap