https://www.slickrock.com/slickrock-belize-privacy-policy/
MENU
Vacation Packages
Vacation Packages
Compare Vacation Packages
Belize Tour Availability
Vacations on Sale
Private Island Vacations
Adventure Island – Full Week
Itinerary – Full Week
General Trip Information
Belize Travel FAQ
Bringing Your Kids
What to Bring to Belize
Island Menu
Gluten-free & Vegetarian Diets
The Boat Ride
Our Private Island
Our Private Island
Our Private Island
Island Cabanas
Adventure Camp Facilities
Island Dive Shop
Island Kitesurf School
Books About Belize – Island Library
Glover’s Reef Atoll
Island Menu
Island Menu
Gluten-free & Vegetarian Diets
Slickrock Belize Island Videos
Adventure Sports
Belize Adventure Sports
Adventure Sports Equipment
Adventure Sports Videos
Snorkel, Fish, & Dive
Belize Sport Fishing
Snorkeling and Free Diving
Snorkel From Shore – Snorkel Sites
Scuba Diving
Scuba Courses
Glover’s Reef Dive Sites
Board Sports
Kiteboarding
Kiteboarding Lessons
Surfing
Paddleboarding
Windsurfing
Kayak Sports
Sea Kayaking
Kayak Surfing
Kayak Fishing
Kayak Rolling
River Kayaking
Cave Kayaking
Jungle Sports
Exploring Mayan Ruins
Belize Hiking
Belize Caving
Trip Planning
Planning Your Slickrock Adventure
Belize Vacation Packages
Tour Availability
Discounts For Extended Stays
Next Season’s Tour Dates
Belize Honeymoon
Belize Eco-Island Wedding
Planning Additional Belize Activities
Top Things to Do in Belize
Things to Do in Belize
Suggested Belize Itineraries
One Day Tours for Groups
Belize Flight Fares
Options for Flying to Belize
Belize Domestic Flights
Belize Travel Tips and Advice
Our Hints for a Better Vacation
All About Money in Belize
Sports Gear You Need to Bring
Belize Travel FAQ
About Belize
About Belize
Where is Belize?
Belize Flights – Fares
Options for Flying to Belize
Belize Domestic Flights
Belize Weather
Belize Holidays
Our Recommendations
Things to Do in Belize – Details
Belize City Hotels & Restaurants
Popular Belize Destinations
Belize Mayan Ruins
Glover’s Reef Atoll
Belize Barrier Reef Reserve System
Ambergris Caye
Placencia Belize
The Great Blue Hole
Belize Beaches
Belize Maps
Belize Ruins Map
Detailed Belize Map – Download
Belize City Map
Belize Jungle Lodges Map
Belize Adventure Travel Blog
Deals
About Us
About Slickrock Adventures
Guest Testimonials
Our Belize Staff
Published Articles About Our Tours
Book Now
How to Reserve a Trip
Slickrock Belize Cancellations
Privacy Policy
Contact
+1 800-390-5715
Search for:
Slickrock Belize Privacy Policy
Slickrock Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Slickrock Adventures collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the slickrock.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Slickrock Adventures, Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Slickrock Adventures may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
As you browse the Site and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your anonymous online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you.   If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
Changes to this privacy policy
Slickrock Adventures has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Slickrock Adventures
slickrock.com
(800) 390-5715
slickrock@slickrock.com
This document was last updated on November 8, 2020
Covid-19 Cancellation Policy Amendment
If you are unable to travel due to restrictions placed on your home country or Belize by the government(s) or airlines, or if the resort is unable to open due to government restrictions, any paid bookings are eligible for rebooking for future dates of up to a year from your original check-in date. Guests will receive full credit for the amount paid to apply to the future rebooking dates, subject to availability.
On behalf of the Slickrock family, thank you for visiting in the past, present, or future. We look forward to welcoming you to the island this season.
×