http://www.hotvws.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Magazine
Subscribe to Hot VWs
Latest Issue
Back Issues
Store
News
Hot VWs News
Events
Videos
Clubs
Contact
About Subscribe
Tech Talk Contact
Readers’ Showcase / The Cave Reveal Submission
Contact
Search
Contact
7149792560
store@hotvws.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
To obtain subscription assistance, please call our circulation office at (800) 621-1528 (U.S. only), or (386) 246-0406.
Privacy Policy
Basic Policy on Protection of Personal Information
Hot VWs Magazine will stipulate provisions concerning the protection of personal information, and ensure that its executives and employees are well informed of those provisions.
In the collection of personal information, Hot VWs Magazine will state the objectives of collection and use in advance, and use those properly within that scope. It will use the collected personal information mainly for the following objectives:
For confirmation of products or services purchased or registered, and for delivery thereof
For confirmation of purchase and delivery of magazines , books and goods etc.
For confirmation of applications for events etc., and for distribution of email
For confirmation of applications for email distribution services and for distribution of email
For confirmation of registration with various member services, and for distribution of email
For charging and payment for various products and services and for confirmation thereof
For providing guidance for continuing subscriptions to periodical publications to which customers are subscribed
For provision or improvement of products or services that customers are using, and for development of new services
For improvement of the contents of products, services and websites, etc. to be more satisfactory for customers
For customization of contents of products, services and website, etc. to suit users
For surveying satisfaction with information or products, etc. ordered by customers
For compiling information statistically processed from personal information, and publication thereof as survey results
For tracking the status of use by customers and making use thereof for improvement of services and development of new services
For provision of information in relation to products and services offered
For provision of guidance on periodicals, books, digital contents, various member services, and various other services
For tracking the status of use of such things as products, services and websites, and for provision of information and surveys, etc. on Hot VWs Magazine, as well as companies and organizations that are considered beneficial for customers
Please note that, if there is any change in information which may disrupt the delivery of products or charging out of the collected personal information, such as the names of municipalities and zip codes, names of financial institutions or credit card expiration dates, etc., Hot VWs Magazine may change the registered information.
In addition, collected personal information may be associated with other information under management by Hot VWs Magazine. For example, such information may be matched with the management system, etc. of periodicals published by Hou VWs Magazine for confirmation of the fact that the users are subscribers to periodicals, or the like.
Hot VWs Magazine will not provide to a third party personal information provided by the customer unless there is justifiable reason to do so such as in cases under the laws or regulations, or except for in the case where any of the following items is applicable.
When there is the prior consent of the customer
When disclosed as “statistical data” by which an individual cannot be
When confirming the validity of bank accounts or credit cards, etc. of users with financial institutions and card companies, etc. in procedures of settlement for credit cards, etc. accompanying the use of paid services or orders for products
When outsourcing handling of personal information to a third party within the scope necessary for achievement of the purposes of use
Hot VWs Magazine will take measures necessary for personnel and technical aspects in order to prevent alteration, leaks of or unauthorized access to personal information or the like.
When Hot VWs Magazine receives a request for disclosure, correction, deletion or suspension of use of personal data in its possession by the person himself/herself that provided the relevant information, as soon as the identification of the person is confirmed, Hot VWs Magazine will endeavor to deal with the matter swiftly in accordance with the laws and regulations based on the principle of speedy processing.
Concerning rules and operation manuals with regard to security management, etc. of personal information formulated by Hot VWs Magazine, it will ensure that its employees, etc. are well informed thereof so that they will continue to be effective, and will strive to maintain a security management system by reviewing or taking other measures as needed.
Concerning the stance on protection of personal information in the use of hotvws.com and other individual official websites for magazines and books published by Hot VWs MagazineHot VWs Magazine respects the privacy of readers and on the official websites of Hot VWs Magazine (the “Hot VWs Magazine Websites”) it will handle the personal information of users that is acquired via the website in accordance with the following policies.
Protection of personal information
Hot VWs Magazine will strive to prevent leaks, loss, destruction of or unauthorized access to all personal information provided by users who access the Hot VWs Magazine Websites by appropriate protection and safety measures. Moreover, for request by users for confirmation of the purpose of use, as well as confirmation and correction of the contents of registration, etc. with respect to the personal information, Hot VWs Magazine will deal with such requests using proper methods. Furthermore, it will comply with the related laws and regulations and other codes with respect to the handling of personal information, as well as strive to review and improve the Privacy Policy on a continuous basis.
On the use of Cookies
On the Hot VWs Magazine Websites we may use Cookies. A Cookie contains a small amount of information sent by the web server to the browser of the person who accesses the Hot VWs Magazine Websites. The main purpose of use of Cookies is to make it possible to provide services efficiently to customers who visit Hot VWs Magazine Websites repeatedly, by reading on the part of the Hot VWs Magazine Websites the Cookie saved on the PC of the person who accesses the Websites. Note that individual customers cannot be distinguished by Cookies. The purposes of using Cookies are as follows.
In order to distinguish the PC used by the accessing person by the type of OS or browser, or IP address, etc., and ascertaining information on which pages were previously viewed by the relevant PC
In order to process information obtained by the use of Cookies (not distinguishing individuals) statistically and using these as materials for provision of more effective information services
By changing the settings of your browser, it is possible to refuse to receive Cookies or have a warning be displayed when receiving a Cookie. Please not in advance that, although most of the services on the Hot VWs Magazine Websites can be used even if the browser does not accept Cookies, without Cookies, there may be restrictions such as improper functioning of services that the user can use, or significant decline of reaction speed, and furthermore, there may be cases where the user becomes unable to use the service itself.
On the scope of responsibility under Privacy Policy
At Hot VWs Magazine, we consider it extremely important to ensure the safety of all user related information by which identification of individuals is possible, and pay strict attention when receiving personal information sent from the computer of the user who accesses our websites to the web server of Hot VWs Magazine using industry-standard SSL encryption technologies. However, unfortunately, it is difficult to guarantee 100% safe data transmission via the Internet. Therefore, Hot VWs Magazine cannot completely guarantee technically the safety of the information transmitted by users at their responsibility or information received at Online Services of Hot VWs Magazine at the present stage. When a user uses the official websites of Hot VWs Magazine, the user shall be deemed to have consented to the Privacy Policy of Hot VWs Magazine. If the user cannot consent to this Privacy Policy, the user should refrain from using the Hot VWs Magazine Websites. In addition, Hot VWs Magazine shall retain the right to change the Privacy Policy when necessary. Furthermore, although the Hot VWs Magazine Websites may include links to websites of third parties, such websites of third parties are beyond the scope of management by Hot VWs Magazine, and this Privacy Policy shall not be applicable. Including those websites of third parties, when viewing websites, we will recommend that you should check the Privacy Policy of the applicable website.
January 1st, 2020
Newsletter
Close (esc)
Popup
Use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. Alternatively use it as a simple call to action with a link to a product or a page.
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Search
Main menu
Home
Magazine
Store
News
Videos
Clubs
Contact
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Shop now