http://www.horizonsunlimited.com/about-hu/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Horizons Unlimited
Facebook
Twitter
Google
HUBB
Get Inspired
Newsletter
Travel Stories/Blogs
Ride Tales
4 Wheel Tales
Travel Pics
Travel books
Johnsons RTW
Road Heroes! DVD
HUBB
Light the fire!
Just found us? Wondering what this motorcycle adventure travel gig is all about? You've come to the right place!
We peddle dreams, the achievable kind, creating an addiction to overland travel. It all starts here...
Newsletter Travellers stories free to your e-mail inbox!
Travellers Stories / Blogs Exciting, humorous and sometimes terrifying stories from hundreds of intrepid motorcycle adventurers...
Grant & Susan Johnson
Your hosts' own RTW trip, two up on a BMW R80G/S, '87-98. Read our stories from the road...
HUBB Discussion Forums
The Horizons Unlimited Bulletin Board or HUBB is a fact-based forum connecting over 50,000 adventure travellers.
HUBB Intro/FAQ
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the HUBB Intro and FAQ and then:
Register to Post It's free to read, but you get so much more if you register, such as Private Messaging, subscribe to threads and much more...
HUBB Ride Tales Ride reports, whether it's a weekend ride or around the world!
4 Wheels Travel Reports Adventure travel tales from the 4 wheeled side of HU!
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited Presents! Informative and entertaining DVDs to help get you on the road!
The Road Heroes DVD series
helps answer the question - Why Go? Inspirational stories by veteran travellers Greg Frazier (5 times RTW), Peter and Kay Forwood (193 countries), Tiffany Coates (Mongolia Mayhem) and Rene Cormier (University of Gravel Roads).
Calendar pics
From the HU Annual photo contest!
Travel Books Inspirational motorcycle travel books!
Get Ready
Paperwork
Carnet
Shipping the bike
Regional Forums
Route Planning
Motorcycle Tours
Get Ready! DVD
Links
HUBB
Plan your trip!Dreaming of a motorcycle trip to distant climes? This section will help you to plan your trip, whether it's to the next state, country or all the way around the world! Start here!
Why a Bike?
Country Information
GPS Routes and Tracks
Budgeting for your trip
Paperwork for you and your bike
Carnet de Passage Explained
Sample Medical Kit
Planning Schedule
Shipping the Bike
Air vs Sea Shipment
Actual Shipments
Shipping Do's & Dont's
HUBB Discussion Forums
Regional Forums
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Iceland
Middle East
North America
Sahara Travel Forum
sub-Saharan Africa
Central America and Mexico
South America
Northern Asia
Southern Asia
Other Forums
Planning your Route
Trip Transport
Travellers Seeking Travellers
Trip Paperwork
Medical - Insurance, Vaccinations
Money Saving Ideas
Women's Topics
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited presents!
The Achievable Dream 5-part series - the definitive guide on DVD for planning your motorcycle adventure.
Get Ready! covers planning, paperwork, medical and many other topics! "Inspirational and Awesome!" See the trailer here!
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Motorcycle Insurance Providers
Medical Insurance Providers
Medical-Various Useful Links
Tour Companies - Hundreds!
Shipping Companies
Visa Agencies
Carnet Providers
Gear Up
Bike Tech
Bike Want Ads
Bike Swap
Travel Gear
Accessories
4 Wheels
Gear Up! DVD
HUBB
Pack light and save money!
You could just get on a plane with your credit card and passport and buy or rent everything you need when you get there. That includes the bike, riding gear, etc. etc.
But if you do want to take a bike and all your stuff with you, start here: Choosing and outfitting the bike.
Bike Tech
M/C Translation
M/C Terms
Carb adjustment
BMW - various
Bike prep for long distance touring
Chain adjustment & wheel alignment
Suspension: rear shock
Suzuki DR650 (and others) travel prep
Other Gear
Build your own panniers
Equipment...
HUBB Discussion Forums
Bike Forums
Which Bike?
Bodger Fix
Generic Tech
Equipping the Bike
BMW Tech
Yamaha Tech
Suzuki Tech
Honda Tech
Kawasaki Tech
KTM TechTriumph Tech
Other Bikes Tech
Travel Bikes for Sale/Wanted
Bike Swap or Rent
Stuff
Navigation
Reviews
Camping Gear + Clothing
Equipment for Sale/Wanted
Other Forums
4 Wheels
Bicycle Travel
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited presents!
Gear Up! is a 2-DVD set, 6 hours! Which bike is right for me? How do I prepare the bike? What do I need - riding gear, clothing, camping gear, first aid kit, tires, maps, GPS? What don't I need? How do I pack it all? Tips & opinions from over 150 travellers! "This DVD will save you a fortune!" See the trailer here!
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Bike and Equipment
Renting a Bike
Riding Gear
Camping Gear
Travel Gear
M/C Dealers
Model Specific
Technical Tips
M/C Parts and Accessories
On the Road
Shipments DB
Borders
Stay Healthy
Transport
Sleeping and Eating
Repair Shops
On the Road! DVD
Tire Changing! DVD
HUBB
Stay healthy and happy!
So you've done it - got inspired, planned your trip, packed your stuff and you're on the road! This section is about staying healthy, happy and secure on your motorcycle adventure. And crossing borders, war zones or oceans!
Shipping the Bike
Air vs Sea Shipment
Actual Shipments by Travellers
Shipping Do's and Dont's
Enter your Shipment Info!
Shipping parts
Crossing Borders
Border Crossing Tips
Submit your Border Crossing Info!
HUBB Discussion Forums
Staying Safe & Healthy
Travel Advisories News that may affect your plans. Security tips and questions.
Staying Healthy on the Road Medical info, e.g. malaria, shots, find a doctor.
Getting There
Trip Transport - Shipping the bike and yourself
Life on the Road
Recommended sleeping and eating.
Bodger Fix duct tape, bailing wire & WD 40.
Recommended repair shops in all the best places.
Travel Hints and Tips
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited presents!
On the Road! is 5.5 hours of tips and advice you need to cross borders, break down language barriers, overcome culture shock, ship the bike & deal with breakdowns and emergencies."Just makes me want to pack up and go!" See the trailer here!
Tire Changing!Grant demystifies the black art of Tire Changing and Repair to help you STAY on the road! "Very informative and practical." See the trailer here! Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Shipping Companies
Bike Rentals
Accommodation
Parking the bike & gear
Riding Tips
Technical Tips
Connect
Blog on HU!
Communicating
Photo Forum
T Seeks T
Misc Q
HU Bar/Pub
Ladies on the Loose! DVD
HUBB
Keep in touch!
This section will help you to stay connected to your friends and loved ones, and make new friends along the way!
Tell your Travel Story - Blog on HU!
With an HU blog, you'll get a lot more readers than in some obscure corner of the web, it's all set to go, no setup required, and it's free! Start your blog here!
Horizons Unlimited Communities
800+ HU Communities in 115 countries! People who want to meet travellers - yes that's YOU - and can provide local assistance, and may be your new best friends!
Contact a Community
Join your HU Community
Start a new HU Community
HUBB Discussion Forums
Communications Improve your communications with your companion, or with friends and family.
Photo Forum Improve your travel photography, create HU Photo Contest winners!
Travellers seeking Travellers Meet up with other travellers on the road, or find someone to travel with to the ends of the earth!
The HUBB Pub! Always open for casual conversation!
Women's Topics (Open to all!)
Questions that don't fit anywhere else
Make a Difference Tips on fundraising or donating time and energy to a cause.
After the big trip - Was the trip the best - or worst - thing you ever did?
Resources and Links
Horizons Unlimited Presents
Ladies on the Loose! For the first time ever, a motorcycle travel DVD made for women, by women! These intrepid women share their tips to help you plan your own motorcycle adventure. They also answer the women-only questions, and entertain you with amazing tales from the road! Presented by Lois Pryce, veteran solo traveller through South America and Africa and author of 'Lois on the Loose', and 'Red Tape and White Knuckles.'"It has me all fired up to go out on my own adventure!" See the trailer here!
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Links Page
Helpful People
Motorcycle Clubs, Events
Events
Why come?
Locations
Discussions
Present!
Volunteer!
Photo Contest
HUBB
Meet your new tribe!
Meet people who don't think you're crazy for wanting to ride your bike to South America or across Asia! They will encourage you, share their experiences and advice on how to do it!
Where are HU Meetings?
HUBB Discussion Forums
HU Travellers Meetings
Join the discussion for your event:
Travellers Meetings - Australia
Travellers Meetings - Europe
Travellers Meetings - North America
Travellers Meetings - UK
Travellers Meetings - Rest of the world
Non-HU Events
Motorcycle Events around the world Post any event of interest to motorcycle travellers here!
Meetings Trailer
HU Meetings are NOT like your typical bike rally! To get a sense of what goes on, watch the meetings trailer here!
Participate!
Tell your story!
Volunteer!
Vendors/Traders sign up here!
Host a meeting!
Photo Contest!
Submit your amazing photos of your trip and win fabulous prizes! Details...
Store
Achievable Dream Online
Achievable Dream DVDs
Membership
Stickers
Travel Books
Calendars
Newsletter
DVDs
HUBB
T-Shirts
Support Horizons Unlimited
Why become an HU Member?
We're not a big multi-national company, just two people who love motorcycle travel and have grown a hobby into a full time job and a labour of love.
When you decide to become a Member, it helps directly support the site. You get additional privileges on the HUBB, access to the Members Private Store, and more to come as we roll out new systems. Of course, you get our sincere thanks, good karma and knowing you're helping to keep the motorcycle travel dream alive. :-)
Contributing Member - $20 annual donation.
Gold Member - $45 annual donation.
Already have an HU account? Become a Contributing or Gold Member here!
T-shirts, Calendars, StickersT-shirts Cotton or synth sweat-wicking t-shirts with the Horizons Unlimited logo on the front and a snappy slogan (changing every year) on the back.
Calendars Featuring the 13 winning photos from the Horizons Unlimited annual motorcycle travel photo contest!
World Map Sticker for Panniers Show your route on your panniers. Great conversation starter when you meet people on the road!
Travel Books Motorcycle and travel books to inspire and inform you!
DVDs - Watch and Learn!
Horizons Unlimited presents!
Achievable Dream
The definitive guide to planning your motorcycle adventure! This insanely ambitious 2-year project has produced an informative and entertaining 5-part, 18 hour DVD series. "The ultimate round the world rider's how-to DVD!" MCN UK.
Also available for download on Vimeo!
Collectors Box Set All 5 DVDs with a custom printed slip case. "The series is 'free' because the tips and advice will save much more than you spend on buying the DVD's."
Road Heroes - "Inspiring and hilarious!"
About HU
New to HU?
Your Hosts
HU Trailer
Press Stories
Advertise with us
Support us
Link to us
Privacy Policy
HUBB
Who are we?
New to HU? Start Here!
New to motorcycle travelling? New to the HU site? Confused? Too many options? It's really very simple - just 4 easy steps!
What turns you on to motorcycle travel? Meet some of your fellow travellers! See the trailer!
Your Hosts
Grant & Susan are veteran motorcycle travellers - RTW north to south, two up on a 1986 BMW R80 G/S.
Read our stories from the road...
The bike is unique and has its own story...
Press stories about us
Our 'Rules of the Road'- things we have learned about travelling, usually the hard way!
Trip Photo album 500+ images
Advertisers & Supporters
Advertisers - Horizons Unlimited is well-established as the first source of reliable, unbiased information on all aspects of motorcycle travel.
We reach a dedicated, worldwide group of real travellers, and are the only website focusing exclusively on long distance motorcycle travellers.
If you sell motorcycles or motorcycle accessories, riding gear, camping equipment and clothing, transport motorcycles, organize motorcycle tours, or have motorcycles to rent, you should be advertising with us!
Become an HU Member and Supporter! Help keep your favorite website going and get additional HUBB privileges!
Already have an account? Become a Contributing Member here.
Contact Us
Contact Us / Website Feedback
Link to us and get a link back!
Get your Horizons Unlimited business card!
Privacy Policy
Find us on social networks
Destinations
Travel Stories
Home About HU Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Horizons UnlimitedYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.What information do we collect and whyIt is our policy to respect the purpose for which our site visitors gave us personal information. The information you provide is used only to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example by opting in to the Ezine/newsletter mailing list.The type of personally identifiable information we collect may include names, e-mail addresses, postal addresses (for mailing HU products only), nationality and type of motorcycle ridden.The purposes for which we collect and use information about individuals include the following:sending the Horizons Unlimited Ezine/newsletter to travellers who ask for itobtaining and responding to feedback from travellersallowing people to share their experiences with fellow travellers on the HUBB, via forms (e.g. Shipping, Border Crossings) and in the Ezineadministering the HUBB to make it the best possible experience for the motorcycle travellers' communitycontacting travellers about HUBB postings, shipping or border crossing experiencessending HU DVDs, t-shirts, mugs or other products to travellers who order them directly from us (for the Achievable Dream DVD series only, we also advise travellers by e-mail as new DVDs become available to order)organising Horizons Unlimited Travellers Meetings, including registering participants (for these events only, we request a mobile phone number for participants, to use in the unlikely situation that we have to contact them about changes or cancellations while they are on route to the event)advising travellers about upcoming HU Travellers Meetings in their areaproviding links to websites that we deem of interest to our readers in our Links pages or in the EzineSubscriptionsIt is our policy to send the Ezine only to those who request it (that is, opt-in). We remove names immediately upon request through convenient unsubscribe links in every mailing. Every issue of our Ezine clearly explains how to unsubscribe.Mailing ListsIt is our policy to not sell, rent, or loan our subscriber lists to third parties for e-mail marketing. Who is a third party? Well, the first party is you, the second party is us, so it's basically anyone who's not you or us.While we sell advertising in our ezine and on the site to other companies, we never allow third parties any use of these subscriber lists.We also do not buy mailing lists from other companies, so the only contact information we have is from individuals who have contacted us directly (see above).Security and Disclosure on the SiteIt is our policy to store subscriber and password files with personal information in a secure manner. We store such files in areas not accessible to Web browsers, behind password protection, or off-line.Spammers collect e-mail addresses from html web pages using robots (spambots). We use encoded e-mail addresses that a spambot can't read (but your browser can) throughout the site, and in forms where possible, to protect e-mail addresses from being 'harvested' in this manner.Horizons Unlimited Bulletin Board (HUBB)When you register for the HUBB, we require a valid e-mail address to confirm your registration and to keep spammers out! Your e-mail address is ONLY visible to the Administrators (Grant and Susan). You can optionally enter information, such as name, nationality, bike, etc. to be viewable by registered users. You can access and update your personal information in the 'User Options - Profile' section at any time.If someone needs to contact you we provide a Private Messaging system and email system via the HUBB to send you messages. You can choose, in your User Profile, to allow or disallow either.We strongly recommend NOT putting your e-mail address in a posting. Why is this important? The HUBB pages are ordinary html web pages, like 99.99% of the web, which means that a spambot can read your e-mail address and "harvest" it, and add you to their list of people to send spam to.Submitting information on FormsWhen you submit shipment information via the Shipping form, you must register and provide us with your e-mail address so we can contact you if necessary about your shipment details. We do not accept anonymous shipment postings (to prevent shipping companies or individuals from posting advertisements under the guise of shipment details), and your full name will be included in the shipment posting, but your e-mail address is not disclosed unless YOU put it into the details of the shipment. We recommend you NOT do this, for the reasons above.This is for YOUR protection. Your security and privacy is important to us, and we do all we can to ensure it.CookiesIt is our policy to use cookies in a responsible manner to help our visitors, not snoop on them. 'Cookies' are small files of data that we send to your computer so the software can 'recognize' you when you return. We use two types of cookies:We send a 'session cookie' to your computer if and when you log in to enter or edit your shipments or travellers details by entering your e-mail address and password. These cookies allow us to recognize you if you use multiple pages in our site during the same session, so that you don't need to re-enter your password multiple times. Once you log out or close your browser, these session cookies expire and no longer have any effect.Please note that when you are finished, if you are on a shared computer, in an internet cafe etc, for your security you should always logout of ANY system you are logged into, be it here, or Hotmail / Yahoo etc. Also, you should close all browser windows, delete temporary files and the history of sites visited.At your option (when you register for the HUBB), we also use longer-lasting cookies on the HUBB bulletin board to allow the software to recognize you as a HUBB user if you return to the HUBB using the same computer and browser.We do NOT collect or use information from cookies to develop a profile about our visitors or shoppers.Web Site Traffic InformationIt is our policy to use web site traffic information only to try to understand our readers' preferences better and to manage the load on our servers, so as to improve our service and your experience with the site.Because of the way that World Wide Web communication standards work, when you arrive at or leave the Horizons Unlimited Web site, we automatically receive the Web address of the site that you came from. We also collect information on which pages you visit while you are on the Horizons Unlimited site, the type of browser you use and the times you access our Web site. None of this information is linked to you as an individual.Notification of ChangesIt is our policy to be as informative as possible about changes to this privacy policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes so travellers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail to the address they have registered with us, and post it on the site. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.Applicability of this PolicyThis privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Horizons Unlimited via the Horizons Unlimited Web site, the HUBB, travellers' stories and information submitted on forms or via e-mail.The Horizons Unlimited web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Horizons Unlimited is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage travellers to be aware of this when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this policy, please let us know.Thanks for your trust and support.Grant and Susan JohnsonHorizons Unlimited
Site info
Global Rescue is the premier provider of medical, security and evacuation services worldwide and is the only company that will come to you, wherever you are, and evacuate you to your home hospital of choice.
Additionally, Global Rescue places no restrictions on country of citizenship - all nationalities are eligible to sign-up! Travel medical insurance is also available, currently the limit is 90 days.
Ripcord Rescue Travel Insurance™ combines into a single integrated program the best evacuation and rescue with the premier travel insurance coverages designed for adventurers.
Led by special operations veterans, Stanford Medicine affiliated physicians, paramedics and other travel experts, Ripcord is perfect for adventure seekers, climbers, skiers, sports enthusiasts, hunters, international travelers, humanitarian efforts, expeditions and more.
Ripcord travel protection is now available for ALL nationalities, and travel is covered on motorcycles of all sizes! NOTE: Travel medical insurance currently has a limit of 90 days.
Announcements!
FREE HU Achievable Dream Video to watch while you're stuck at home - one free per week for 15 weeks!
Find HU Event COVID-19 status updates on the HUBB Forum "Traveller's Advisories" thread.
Help support your favorite website!
New to HU? Start here!
Member login
Username: *
Password: *
Remember me
Create new account
Request new password
Are you an Overland Adventure Traveller?Does the smell of spices wafting through the air make you think of Zanzibar, a cacophony of honking horns is Cairo, or a swirl of brilliantly patterned clothing Guatemala? Then this is the site for you!Hosted by Grant and Susan Johnson, RTW 1987-1998
Next HU Events
HU Event and other updates on the HUBB Forum "Traveller's Advisories" thread.
ALL Dates subject to change.
2020
South Africa: Nov 5-8
2021 (planned!)
Virginia: April 22-25
Romania: August 26-29
HUBBUK: June 17-20 2021
Germany Summer: May 13-16 2021
Latvia: TBC
HUMM Cascades: Jul 16-18
CanWest: July 22-25
Sweden: July 22-25
Newfoundland: Aug 3-6 NEW dates!
Switzerland: Aug 19-22
Montenegro: Aug 19-22 TBC
California: September 23-26
See all event details
There's No Place Like HUMM!
"The most fun on two wheels!"
Don't take our word for it - see for yourself! HUMM Navigation challenge events are in British Columbia, Virginia and Arizona.
HU Achievable Dream is Online
and available now to stream on Vimeo!
ALL 15 chapters of the HU Achievable Dream Guide are available to download on Vimeo!
Binge
watch over 18 hours of inspiring, informative and entertaining stories and tips from 150 travellers!
"A timeless introduction to Motorcycle Adventure Travel!"
Originally launched as a 7 DVD set, The Achievable Dream series can now be downloaded anywhere. Almost 18 hours of solid info take up zero space in your panniers. How convenient!
Books
All the best travel books and videos listed and often reviewed on HU's famous Books page. Check it out and get great travel books from all over the world.NOTE: As an Amazon Affiliate we earn from qualifying purchases - thanks for your help supporting HU when you start from an HU Amazon link!
Horizons Unlimited 1987 - 2020
All text and photographs are copyright © Grant and Susan Johnson, 1987-2020 or their respective authors.
All Rights Reserved.
HomepageTravellers StoriesNewsletterTrip PlanningBooks & DVDsHUBBCommunityTravellers MeetingsLinksSearchAdvertise on HUSupport HUContact UsPrivacy PolicySite Map