https://www.forsterproducts.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Forster Products is committed to protecting your privacy. We only use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide support and upgrades for our products. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information is required to place an order?
When you order, we need to know your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and email address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
Your credit card number and expiration date are never stored on any Forster computer.
How does Forster Products protect customer information?
We use a Secure Server for collecting personal and credit card information. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts (scrambles) all of the information you enter before it is transmitted over the internet and sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we request is protected against unauthorized access.
What about “cookies?”
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We do not use cookies to collect or store any information about visitors or customers.
Will Forster Products disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Forster Products does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Forster Products may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
Forster Products may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Forster Products, our users, or others.
In Summary
Forster Products is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at forsterproducts.com as simple as possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Forster Products. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Forster Products also provides links to affiliated sites. The privacy policies of these linked sites are the responsibliity of the linked site and Forster Products has no control or influence over their policies. Please check the policies of each site you visit for specific information. Forster Products cannot be held liable for damage or misdoings of other sites linked or otherwise.
Questions and Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback related to our Privacy Policy, please email us.
Thank you for shopping at ForsterProducts.com!
Products
Reloading Tools
Case Prep
Case Sizing & Lubricating
Case Priming
Handling Gunpowder
Bullet Seating
Inspection & Measurement
Cartridges
Gunsmithing Tools
Site Mounting
Headspace Gages
Screwdrivers & Screws
Gold Inlay
Other Tools
Logo Merchandise
Ordering
View Cart
Replacement Parts
Custom Machining
Terms & Conditions
Made in U.S.A.
Support
Resources
Locate a Distributor
ProStaff
User Instructions
Print Catalog
Sales Sheets
Privacy Policy
Contact Info
Keep in Touch
Follow us on social media:
Our Customers Say
I’ve owned and used your Case Trimmer for over 40 years. I am very happy to see a company around for all those years. It just goes to show what a great product you have.