https://www.scouts.org.uk/por/2-key-policies/
Skip to main contentHomePor2 Key PoliciesPolicy, Organisation and Rules2. Key PoliciesThe order of Key Policies in this section is alphabetical and infers no order of importance nor priority; they are all equal.
Development Policy
Subject to the Rules governing age ranges and mixed membership the Scout Movement is open to all young people of whatever background.The Scout Association recognises, however, that access to Scouting is not equally available to all groups and communities across society as a whole.The Operations sub-Committee of the Trustee Board and the Regional Services Team at Headquarters support the Movement in its work in making Scouting available to all.In particular, through the use of innovation and experiment, it supports local Scouting in meeting the needs of young people in areas of urban disadvantage or priority, in highly rural areas, and among the minority ethnic communities.It also works in collaboration with other agencies to support those disadvantaged young people who might benefit from its programme and ethos, and who may never become full Members of the Movement.The Regional Services Team supports local Scouting in a number of different ways:
through the production and distribution of development material;
through the sharing of experience and models of good practice;
through support and advice from Headquarters staff, volunteer and professional;
through recommendations to the National Development Grants Board for financial support.
Those seeking help in this field should contact the Regional Services Team at Headquarters in the first instance.[Whilst Development Managers and Officers support the development of Scouting in England, the National Regional Services Manager works closely with Scottish Headquarters, the ScoutsCymru Office and the Northern Ireland Scout Council on development matters.] The Equal Opportunities Policy Young People
The Scout Association is part of a worldwide educational youth movement. The values, which underpin and inspire its work are embodied in the Scout Promise and Law and in the Purpose of the Association.
Within this framework, the Association is committed to equality of opportunity for all young people.
Accordingly:
The Scout Association is committed to extending Scouting, its Purpose and Method to young people in all parts of society.
No young person should receive less favourable treatment on the basis of, nor suffer disadvantage harassment or discrimination by reason of:
Class or socio-economic status;
ethnic or national origin, nationality (or statelessness) or race;
gender (including gender reassignment);
marital or civil partnership status;
sexual orientation;
disability;
political belief;
pregnancy and maternity;
religion, belief or faith (including the absence of religion, belief or faith)
sex
age
All Members of the Movement should seek to practise equality, especially in promoting equal access to Scouting for all young people. The Scout Association opposes all forms of prejudice and discrimination, including racism, sexism, homophobia, biphobia and transphobia. All Scout Groups, as independent charities, have a duty to comply with relevant equalities legislation. All volunteers should make reasonable adjustments where possible to support all young people with disabilities to access Scouting.
Reasonable Adjustments
Reasonable adjustments means actions to enable young people with disabilities to access Scouting and Scouting activities, as far as reasonably possible, to the same level as young people without disabilities. This should involve working in partnership with parents/carers, to identify needs and support strategies. Reasonable steps should also be taken to identify any young people with disabilities in the Section/Group.
(See Rule 3.11b for further guidance around reasonable adjustments).
Further information about equalities legislation and Scouting is available via the members area of the website.
Note:  With reference to sex and gender, membership of the youth Sections of the Association is open to boys and girls, and young women and young men of the appropriate ages subject to the rules set out in 3.6, 4.6 and 5.6 below.
Leaders and other volunteers
To carry out its work the Association seeks to appoint effective and appropriate Leaders, of all backgrounds and all areas of the community and to involve other volunteers in supporting roles, all of whom are required to accept fully the responsibilities of their commitment.
The overriding considerations in making all appointments in Scouting shall be the safety and security of young people, and their continued development in accordance with the Purpose and Values of the Association.
Accordingly, all those whom the Movement accepts as volunteers must be appropriate persons to undertake the duties of the particular position to which they have been appointed (including, if relevant, meeting the requirements of the Sponsoring Authority) and, where appropriate, the responsibilities of membership.
In making an appointment to a particular leadership or support position it may be appropriate to consider the gender and/or ethnicity of the potential appointee, in particular to ensure appropriate composition of leadership or supporting teams.
The physical and mental ability of a particular potential appointee to fulfil a particular role will always be a relevant factor to consider.
Within these constraints, and those imposed by the need to ensure:
the safety and security of young people;
the continued development of young people; and
equal opportunities for all;
no person volunteering their services should receive less favourable treatment on the basis of, nor suffer disadvantage, harassment or discrimination by reason of:
age;
class or socio-economic status;
ethnic or national origin, nationality (or statelessness) or race;
gender (including gender reassignment);
marital or civil partnership status;
sexual orientation;
disability;
political belief;
pregnancy;
religion, belief or faith (including the absence of religion, belief or faith)
sex
Note: Sexual feelings directed towards children and/or a sexual interest in children is a bar to any involvement in the Scout Movement. 2.1. Responsibilities within the Equal Opportunities Policy All adults in Scouting have a responsibility for the operation of the Association's Equal Opportunities Policy. All Scout Groups, as independent charities have a duty to comply with relevant equalities legislation.
The District Commissioner or the County Commissioner, as appropriate, must be satisfied that all applicants for Leader or Commissioner appointments are fully aware that they will be required by their personal example to operate the Association's Equal Opportunities Policy and support Groups to comply with relevant equalities legislation.
They must also be satisfied that all those whom they invite to assist them in other ways in the work of the District or County are upholding the   Association's Equal Opportunities Policy by the personal example that they set before the Scouts in the District or County as the case may be.
Group Scout Leaders must be satisfied that all those whom they invite to assist them in the work of the Group will comply with relevant equalities legislation and uphold the Association’s Equal Opportunities Policy by the personal example that they set before the Scouts in the Group.
Appointment Advisory Committees are required to operate the Association's Equal Opportunities Policy and comply with relevant equalities legislation in their work.
The District Executive or the County Executive Committee, as appropriate, must be satisfied that all applicants for appointments in their gift are fully aware that they will be required by their personal example to operate the Association's Equal Opportunities Policy and support Groups to comply with relevant equalities legislation.Further information about equalities legislation and Scouting is available via the members area of the website.
Privacy and Data Protection Policy
The Scout Association takes the protection of privacy and personal data very seriously and all adults operating within Scouting, whether at National UKHQ or within local Scout units (i.e. Scout Groups, Districts, Counties, Areas, Regions (Scotland) or Countries), must comply with data protection law which includes the EU General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR”.(A copy of The Scout Association’s Data Protection Policy which provides key definitions, details of how it protects personal information and also guidance to staff, members and volunteers about how to deal with personal information they handle, can be found here). 2.2. Responsibilities within the Privacy and Data Protection Policy
The Scout Association at national UKHQ level and each local Scout unit operate as separate, independent charities in their own right. Each collects and handles personal data and is responsible, as a separate data controller, for the personal data it collects and uses.
As a larger organisation, The Scout Association is registered with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) as a data controller. However, data protection law applies to all data controllers (whether registered with the ICO or not) and therefore applies to each local Scout unit.
All adults in Scouting have a responsibility to comply with data protection law when handling or dealing with any personal data. However, ultimate responsibility for ensuring that adequate data protection systems are in place, lies with the relevant charity trustees as follows:
at national Scouting level, the Board of Trustees of The Scout Association is responsible for ensuring that adequate data protection systems are in place in respect of The Scout Association UKHQ based at Gilwell Park, Chingford, London E4 7QW; and
at local Scouting level, the local Executive Committees (as the charity trustees) are responsible for ensuring that adequate data protection systems are in place for their respective local Scout units.
Whilst the charity trustees and Executive Committees are responsible for ensuring that adequate data protection systems are in place, each adult operating within scouting whether as staff, members or volunteers are also responsible for ensuring that they handle all personal data in compliance with those procedures and the law.All adult Members and Associate Members of the Association are required to have at least one unique e-mail address (i.e. not one shared with another person or persons) recorded on Compass. This unique e-mail address may be in addition to any shared email address, such as may be in place for shared roles.This requirement is needed to ensure that each Member and Associate Member receives the information relevant to them, and (in line with the Data Protection and GDPR requirements) prevents them from receiving information intended for another individual.
In compliance with the 6 key principles of the GDPR (Article 5), personal data in Scouting must be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.Clear and accessible information must be provided to individuals about what personal data is collected, how it will be processed and how they can exercise rights over it e.g. the right to request a copy of their personal data by making a Subject Access Request (SAR) or to have incorrect data corrected or deleted. This information should be provided both at the initial point of contact in the form of a Privacy Statement or Notice and also be made regularly accessible to the individual. The Scout Association’s Privacy Statement as displayed on its website can be found here.
Collected and processed for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes only Personal data should only be collected and used for activities directly relating to Scouting or a person’s membership or association with Scouting.Personal data should only be collected and used for activities directly relating to Scouting or a person’s membership or association with Scouting.
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes it is collected and processed;
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date. Every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that the data is kept as accurate and up-to-date as possible for the purposes for which it is being held;
Kept for no longer than necessary for the purposes it was collected and processed;
Kept secure using appropriate technical or organisational measures to prevent the data from being used in an unauthorised or unlawful way or against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
As data controllers, the relevant Charity Trustees and Executive Committees are responsible for demonstrating compliance with the above principles.
Religious Policy The Scout Movement includes Members of many different faiths and religions as well as those with no formal religion. The following policy has received the approval of the heads of the leading religious bodies in the United Kingdom. All Members of the Movement are encouraged to:
make every effort to progress in the understanding and observance of the Promise to do their best to do their duty to God or to uphold Scouting’s values as appropriate;
explore their faith, beliefs and attitudes
consider belonging to some faith or religious body;
carry into daily practice what they profess.
Attendance at servicesIf a Scout Group, Explorer Scout Unit or Scout Network is composed of members of several denominations, religions or beliefs, the young people should be encouraged to attend services relevant to their own form of religion or belief.
ChaplainsChaplains may be appointed as Advisers in Scout Groups, Districts, Counties, Countries and Nationally. A Chaplain may be a Minister of Religion or a lay person.
In a Scout Group sponsored by a religious body the religious leader may be appointed Group Chaplain.
National Chaplains may be appointed for religious bodies represented in Scouting. 2.3. Responsibilities within the Religious Policy
The District Commissioner or the County Commissioner, as appropriate, must be satisfied that all applicants for Leader or Commissioner appointments are fully aware that they will be required by their personal example to implement the Association's religious policy.
If a Sponsored Group has a policy of recruitment restricted to members of one particular form of religion or denomination, the Sponsoring Authority is responsible for the religious training of all young people in the Group.
In this case it is the duty of the Group Scout Leader to encourage attendance at such religious instruction and observances as the Sponsoring Authority may consider desirable.
Scouts' Own Services may be held for the purpose of spiritual reflection and to promote a fuller understanding of the significance of the Scout Promise and Law.
Such services must be regarded as supplementary to, rather than a substitute for, formal attendance at the services of the individual's own form of religion.
If a Beaver Scout, Cub Scout, Scout, Explorer Scout or Scout Network Member is not allowed, by reasons of the individual's own religious obligations, to attend acts of worship other than that of the individual's own faith, the Leader must make certain that those obligations are not compromised.
Safeguarding Policy It is the Policy of The Scouts to safeguard the welfare of all children, young people and adults at risk by protecting them from neglect and from physical, sexual and emotional harm. The Scouts understand that individuals thrive in safe surroundings so we are committed to ensuring that Scouting is safe and enjoyable for everyone involved and that safeguarding practice reflects statutory responsibilities, government guidance and complies with best practice and The Charity Commission requirements.
This policy:
applies to all adults including the Board of Trustees, volunteers, paid staff, agency staff and anyone working on behalf of The Scouts;
recognises that the welfare and interests of children, young people & adults at risk are paramount in all circumstances; and
aims to ensure that all children, young people & adults at risk have a positive and enjoyable experience of Scouting in a safe and person-centred environment and are protected from abuse whilst participating in Scouting and otherwise.
It is the responsibility of all adults involved in Scouting to have read and understood the Safeguarding Policy & Procedures.
The Safeguarding Policy & Procedures must be adhered to at all times.
All breaches of the policy and procedures will be dealt with within in line with POR and the Safeguarding Processes and Procedures.
The Scouts Safeguarding Policy & Procedures, for Young People & Adults at Risk can be found on our website here  2.4. Safeguarding of young people and adults at risk
It is the responsibility of all adults involved in Scouting to have read and understood the Safeguarding Policy & Procedures.
The Safeguarding Policy & Procedures must be -adhered to at all times.
All breaches of the policy and procedures will be dealt with within in line with POR and the Safeguarding Processes and Procedures.
The Scouts Safeguarding Policy & Procedures, for Young People & Adults at Risk can be found on our website here. Safety Policy The Scouts sets out to deliver everyday adventure and develop skills for life in a growing movement of adult volunteers and young people aged 5-25, in the UK and internationally.
The Scouts recognises that life is not risk-free, and in its turn Scouting is not risk-free.  As Scouts, we believe that our members benefit most from our activities when we manage these risks to wellbeing to be as low as is reasonably practicable.  Identifying and proportionately managing risk is a skill for life that we wish to kindle, develop and enhance in all of our members.
All those involved in Scouting must, so far as is reasonably practicable and to the extent of their role, ability and understanding;
Properly assess the risk of every activity undertaken in Scouting.  This assessment should be suitable and sufficient for the activity being undertaken, and follows that activities with higher risk should require more in-depth assessment.
Provide and receive clear instructions and information, and adequate training, to ensure members are competent to undertake their task
Prevent accidents and cases of ill health by managing the health and safety risks in Scouting
Maintain safe and healthy conditions, provide and maintain plant, equipment and machinery, and ensure safe storage/use of substances
Review risk assessments as often as necessary when circumstances and conditions change.
Never be afraid to change or stop an activity if risk increases.
2.5. Responsibilities within the Safety Policy All those involved in Scouting must, so far as is reasonably practicable and to the extent of their role, ability and understanding;
a. Stop any activity if they have concerns over its safety, and must be reminded of this frequently.
b. The person responsible for ensuring that these requirements are met for every activity being undertaken is the agreed leader-in-charge, working closely with the team leading the activity or event.
c. The person responsible for assuring that this policy is being implemented in their area of responsibility is the holder of a management appointment. The authority to undertake the requirements outlined above, or tasks required to support the requirements, can be delegated as necessary.  The responsibility for making sure that the policy is followed can never be delegated.
d. Every Executive Committee in Scouting is to satisfy itself through appropriate assurance and monitoring activities that this policy is being put into effective use and to engage and consult with members on day-to-day health and safety conditions and ensure it is on the agenda at all meetings.
e. The responsible body for making sure that these requirements are met for every premises or location operated by a Scouting concern, and therefore deemed to be the Managing Controller of the premises, is the relevant executive committee.
f. Communicate these assessments the most effective way for those involved and, where practical, in writing.  These assessments should be reviewed before every activity, and as often as necessary proportionate to changing circumstances and conditions. Ensure that those involved, including parents/carers, have a reasonable understanding of the risk nature of activities being run and communicate this in an appropriate manner.
g. Everyone in Scouting has a responsibility for sharing good practice about how to apply this policy, and making sure that failures to apply this policy are brought to the attention of those involved.
h. Implement emergency procedures – evacuation in case of fire or other significant incident. Report incidents that cause injuries, or incidents that had the potential to cause injuries, at their earliest opportunity through the appropriate channels.  When reported, managers must make arrangements to complete a proportionate investigation, and learn and share lessons from incidents. (in accordance with Chapter 7). Vetting Policy It is the policy of The Scout Association to check all adult volunteers to ensure that: only adults appropriate for a role are permitted to undertake responsibilities in Scouting; and that regular reviews are undertaken of adult volunteers to ensure their continued suitability.Accordingly The Scout Association is committed to:
following a defined process for appointing adult volunteers that establishes the applicant’s suitability taking into account the fundamentals of Scouting; the Safeguarding Policy, Youth Member Anti-Bullying Policy, Safety Policy and the Equal Opportunities Policy;
Refusing offers from applicants that are found to be unsuitable;
Putting in place robust vetting arrangements and ensuring that these arrangements are made clear to applicants and to the public;
Taking into account relevant information from The Scout Association’s records, police forces, relevant statutory authorities, personal references and other credible sources.
As part of the vetting arrangements, The Scout Association will undertake a Personal Enquiry which involves a check made against records at Headquarters for all adult volunteers and for certain roles a Criminal Record Disclosure Check. For foreign nationals or British Overseas Territory citizens operating abroad in British Scouting Overseas and Overseas Branches, checks must be made according to arrangements authorised by the Chief Safeguarding Officer at Headquarters. Youth Member Anti-Bullying Policy “Children have the right to protection from all forms of violence (physical or mental).  They must be kept safe from harm and they must be given proper care by those looking after them.”  [The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, Article 19]
The Scout Association is committed to this ethos and seeks to ensure, as far as is reasonably practicable, the prevention of all forms of bullying among Members.  To this end all Scouting activities should have in place rigorous anti-bullying strategies.  2.6. Responsibilities within the Anti-Bullying Policy
It is the responsibility of all adults in Scouting to help develop a caring and supportive atmosphere, where bullying in any form is unacceptable.Adults in Scouting should:
be aware of the potential problems bullying may cause;
be alert to signs of bullying, harassment or discrimination;
take action to deal with such behaviour when it occurs, following Association policy guidelines;
provide access for young people to talk about any concerns they may have;
encourage young people and adults to feel comfortable and caring enough to point out attitudes or behaviour they do not like;
help ensure that their Group/Section has a published anti-bullying code.
Note: Support material in the form of a guide and poster is available from the Scout Information CentreIntroductionChapters:1.Fundamentals of Scouting2.Key Policies3.The Scout Group4.The Scout District5.The Scout County6.The structure of the headquarters of The Scout Association7.Emergency procedures8.Insurance9.Activities10.Uniform, badges and emblems11.Awards and recognition of service12.Flags and ceremonial13.Trusteeship, property and equipment14.Other matters15.Complaints, suspensions and dismissalsThe appointment process