http://www.trinityhill.co.nz/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions are intended to keep Trinity Hill's website a safe and fair place to buy wine. By using our website you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. When you purchase products via www.trinityhill.com you accept these Terms and Conditions, and the specific conditions that apply to that purchase. Together these terms and conditions form a legal contract between you and Trinity Hill Limited, when you purchase wine or goods. If you have any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions please email us.
These Terms and Conditions were last updated August 1, 2011.
Pursuant to the Sale and Supply of Alcohol Act 201 all purchasers and recipients of liquor must be 18 years of age or over.
It is illegal to make a false declaration of age in order to purchase liquor.
If you are under the age of 18 do not attempt to use this site to purchase liquor.
At present, we are only able to accept orders for shipping within New Zealand. For international enquiries, please visit the distributor section of our website to find your nearest distributor.
All prices are per bottle and are quoted in New Zealand dollars including GST.
There is no minimum size order.
Freight is $10 per case, or part thereof, anywhere within New Zealand.
We make every effort to correctly display our prices on this website. However if a price is incorrect we reserve the right not to proceed with your order at the incorrect price.
Trinity Hill operates a credit card payment process to enable you to make payment for all purchases of wine and goods. Your credit card details will be captured (but not stored) at the time you place an order. Your Credit Card will be charged once your order has been accepted and prior to dispatch.
Trinity Hill Limited is the name that will appear on cardholder statements.
No order will be shipped until payment has been received and the funds cleared.
Alternative payment arrangements can be made by emailing us here or by calling +64 6 879 7778.
Delivery will be made to the address nominated by the Buyer provided it is within New Zealand.
We insure our products up to the point where they are delivered to your address. We are not responsible for damage or theft to goods beyond this point. Please be sure to provide appropriate delivery instructions to avoid these types of losses.
Delivery will usually be made within 5-7 business days. Where there is a lead time or delay for manufacture, we will contact you to confirm dates.
If your delivery has been damaged in transit we will replace it for you. Please note that damaged goods must be reported within 48 hours of delivery and that we may request photo verification of the damaged goods.
If your order has been incorrectly packed and is not what you have been invoiced for, we will fix it. Please note that packing errors must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. Return shipping costs will be at our expense.
If you receive corked or faulty wine we will replace it for you or refund your credit card. If we request that you return the wine, it will be at our expense.
If, for any reason, you are not happy with your order or simply find the wine is not to your taste, we will replace any unopened bottles with another product or refund your credit card. This return must be made within one month of purchase. Return shipping in this instance will be at purchaser's expense.
Please be assured that we take your privacy seriously and we promise that we respect your personal information at all times.
Details you provide on this website (except Credit Card details) will be kept on file in our system. We have put in place, and will maintain and update, processes and technology to ensure your privacy is protected from unauthorised access and improper use.
Any information we collect will not be shared with other organisations for commercial purposes. We may elect to provide your contact details to an appropriate organisation in order to notify you about updates to our website and/or contact you for marketing purposes. Should you not want us to use the information we collect in this manner, please contact us.
Our privacy policy may be updated from time to time. Please check this policy on a regular basis for any changes. If you feel that this website is not following its stated information policy, please contact us.
Where you have subscribed to a newsletter on the site or where you have provided your email address in the course of placing an order you have authorised us to contact you by email to advise you of offers being advertised on the site. We may send further emails to advise you of newly released exclusive offers, particularly limited offers or offers which we think may be of particular interest to you.
You may advise us at any time that you no longer wish to receive from us notice of offers available through this site by emailing us and upon receipt of such advice we will remove your email address from the mailing list used by us for such offers.
All intellectual property rights in this site are owned by Trinity Hill Limited.
Copying or reproduction of any of the site content is only permitted with prior written approval from Trinity Hill Limited. Contact us here to request permission.
All information provided on our website is presented in good faith. Where we have included links to other websites, it is for your convenience and interest. We cannot guarantee the completeness or accuracy of websites linked to or from this site.
This site is controlled and operated from New Zealand and is subject to the laws of New Zealand. You are responsible for ensuring that your access to this site is not illegal or prohibited and for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the materials in this site in violation of New Zealand laws and regulations.
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New Zealand courts
To download a copy of out license, please click here.
Continue shopping
Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Are you of legal age to purchase wine in your country of residence?
No
You must be aged 18 or over to buy alcohol in New Zealand.