http://www.longboardvineyards.com/privacy-policy/
Link to Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Longboard  Vineyards, LLC
5 Fitch Street Healdsburg, CA 95448
Telephone: (707) 433-3473
General email: info@longboardvineyards.com
Effective:  July 1, 2016
Your privacy is very important to us. We have prepared this privacy notice so that we can better communicate our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This policy is linked from the footer of every page in our website to make it easy to find.
LEGAL/PRIVACY
Thank you for visiting the Longboard Vineyards, LLC ("Longboard") website. By using this website, you agree to abide by the following terms and conditions. If you do not accept these conditions, do not use this website. Longboard may change this Privacy Policy and User Agreement (Agreement) from time to time, based upon any changes to our website and our users' experience on it. If we make any substantial changes in this Agreement, we will post a prominent announcement on our home page.
Privacy Policy
Longboard respects the privacy of visitors to this website. This policy describes how and when we gather information from visitors to our website.
Aggregate Data
We generally record certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to this website. This information may include the websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to our website, the Internet browser you are using, and your IP address. If we use such data at all, it will be on an aggregate basis, and we will not disclose to third parties any information that could be used to identify you personally. We do not employ cookies.
Personally Identifiable Information
If you voluntarily submit information to our website, for example, by registering on a page, ordering a product, filling out a survey, entering a promotion (including contests, sweepstakes, offers and rebates), we may record and use any personally identifiable information, such as your name, phone number and e-mail address, for reasonable business purposes including, but not limited to, fulfilling your request. We will not use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose without your permission.
We may use internal service providers to operate our website and employ other persons to perform work on our behalf, such as sending postal mail and e-mail. These persons may have access to the personally identifiable information you submit through the website, but only for the purpose of performing their duties. These persons may not use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
We will not provide any personally identifiable information to any other persons, except if we are required to make disclosures to the government or private parties in connection with a lawsuit, subpoena, investigation or similar proceeding. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any such information in those circumstances.
User Agreement
Permitted Users of this Website
This website is intended to be used and accessed by people who are of legal age to purchase and consume alcohol.  If you are of legal age in your country of residence and the country from which you are accessing this website, please continue.  If you are not, please exit this website immediately.  By continuing, you affirm that you are of legal age to purchase and consume alcohol in the country from which you are accessing this website.
Restrictions on Use
Any person using this website is permitted to copy and print individual website pages for non-commercial purposes. Users may also copy or print minimal copies of any research or reports posted on the site solely for informational, non-commercial use. These copies must not alter the original website content, including all legal notices and legends. Our prior permission is required for (i) any commercial use of materials on this website; (ii) making more than minimal copies of website materials; and (iii) copying large portions of our website, such as by bots, robots or spyders that "harvest" the website. If you seek permission for such use of our website, please contact us at info@longboardvineyards.com.
Linking and Framing
We do not permit others to link to or frame this website or any portion thereof.
Please note that this Privacy Policy and User Agreement applies only to this website and not to other websites that may be accessible from this website via hyperlink. We are responsible only for the content of our own website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and user agreements of all other websites that you visit.
Ownership
All content included on this website, such as graphics, logos, articles and other materials, is the property of our organization or others and is protected by copyright and other laws. All trademarks and logos displayed on this website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with our organization.
Submissions
As our website indicates, we welcome your questions about us and our services. Please be advised that any comments, suggestions, ideas or other information that you send to us through our website will not be treated as confidential, and that we will own and have the right to use them as we choose, without payment to you.
International Use
Due to the global nature of the Internet, this website may be accessed by users in countries other than the United States. We make no warranties that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in such locations. If it is illegal or prohibited in your country of origin to access or use this website, then you should not do so. Those who choose to access this site outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations.
Limitations of Liability
We are not responsible for any damages or injury, including but not limited to special or consequential damages, that result from your use of (or inability to use) this website, including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction. You acknowledge that we provide the contents of this website on an "as is" basis with no warranties of any kind. Your use of this website and use or reliance upon any of the materials on it is solely at your own risk.
On-Line Stores; Promotions
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the website, including, but not limited to, contests, sweepstakes, invitations, or other similar features (each an "Application"), all of which additional terms and conditions are made a part of this User Agreement by this reference.  You agree to abide by such Application terms and conditions.  If there is a conflict between this User Agreement and the terms of the Application, the terms of the Application will control as related to the Application.
Governing Law
You agree that your use of this website, this Privacy Policy and User Agreement and any disputes relating to any of them shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California. Any dispute relating to the above shall be resolved solely in the state courts located in Sonoma County, California and federal courts in the Northern District of California.
Contact Us
Thank you for visiting our website. Please contact us at info@longboardvineyards.com if you have any questions about our website or our Privacy Policy and User Agreement.
Longboard
COME VISIT US5 Fitch Street
Healdsburg  CA  95448Open 11 am to 6 pm daily
(707) 433 3473
Email: surflounge@longboardvineyards.com
We want to hear from you
Change is constant.  We aim to be flexible and always improve our wines and our customer service, help us improve by giving us feedback.
Get in touch