https://www.capdagdefrance.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Home » Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Agreement
By accessing capdagdefrance.co.uk, owned and operated by capdagdefrance.co.uk, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these terms.
Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.
Copyright
All contents of this Website are: Copyright © 2020 capdagdefrance.co.uk. All rights reserved.
Additionally, you are specifically restricted from all of the following:
publishing any Website material in any other media;selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Intellectual Property
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Company and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.
You agree not to upload, download, display, perform, transmit, or otherwise distribute any information or content (Content) in violation of any third party’s copyrights, trademarks, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
You agree to abide by laws regarding copyright ownership and use of intellectual property, and you shall be solely responsible for any violations of any relevant laws.
Privacy Policy
A complete statement of capdgadefrance.co.uk’s privacy policy can be found by clicking the “privacy” link at the bottom of this page.
capdgadefrance.co.uk’s privacy policy is expressly incorporated herein.
No Warranties
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and capdagdefrance.co.uk express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall capdagdefrance.co.uk, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.  capdagdefrance.co.uk, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent capdagdefrance.co.uk from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
capdagdefrance.co.uk is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The Company is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between Company and User in relation to your use of Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with UK and EU laws.
Search for:
Resort Information for Cap d’Agde
Free 7-Day Cap d’Agde Travel Bucket List Challenge
Hotels & Accommodation Cap d’Agde
Buy the eBook
Get the Latest Cap d'Agde News by Email!
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Bookings.com
Booking.com
Affiliate Disclosure Disclosure: This page may contain affiliate links, meaning we receive a commission if you decide to make a purchase through our links, but this is at no additional cost to you.
from Google