http://www.davyjonesdiving.com/diving/P9-privacy.shtml
NEWS!
Home...
English
Español
Deutsch
Nederlands
Italiano
Svenska
Norge
Welcome
Dive
Options
Diving options Gran Canaria
PADI diving
GC Dive
Sites
Marine Reserve
Winter Diving
Wreck Diving
Night Dives
Snorkelling
Spring,
Easter diving
For your Safety
Weather & Conditions
Dive Sites
& Reserve
Marine Reserve
Best Dives
Dive Map
Secrets of El Cabrón
History
Marine
Life
15
'Specials'
Angel
sharks
Shark Survey
2017 Specials!
Endangered!!
Picture of the Week
Photo Gallery
Learn
to Dive
PADI Training Options
PADI Open Water Course
PADI Advanced
Course
Daycourse (Try-dive)
Training FAQ
PADI eLearning
Junior Courses
Cross-Over Courses
Contact
Prices - Book
ContactGot a Question?
Book
Now!
Prices and
benefits
Contact with WHATSAPP
Map to
find center
Frequent questions
About
/ More
Diving Blog
Newsletters
Where to Stay
Media & Press
Dive
centre tour
Our dive
instructors
Privacy Policy
You can rest assured. We have no software linked to this website
to capture personal details, unless you decide to send us that
information using one of the 'contact' forms or by email.
We do however collect anonymous, passive information such as
statistical and page load information, using both a simple cookie
and by using both server logs and the publicly available
GOOGLE Analytics and STATCOUNTER software, which both sample the standard internet
request headers. We use this data to identify the most popular
parts of the website, trends and other technical information to
help us improve the effectiveness and popularity of the website.
The data collected is equivalent to that automatically saved by
the APACHE web server and we use it for our own statistical
analysis and it is never shared or sold to third parties. The
information collected by the cookie includes the data and time of
the visit and the referring page. You can disable our cookie by
clicking the button at the bottom of the page.
On a small number of pages we display third-party advertisments
via our partner, Google, who may collect information using their
own cookie. They may use generic system information (not
including your name, address, email address or telephone
number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to
you.
Throughout the site we have included links to third parties for
your convenience. We declare that we explicitly dissociate
ourselves from the contents of all websites, with which we have
links. We declare that we have no influence at all on their
contents whatsoever. Visitors should review the privacy policies
on these sites and we have no responsibility for the policies and
practices of these sites. If we become aware of any complaint
about illegal, offensive or hate content we will immediately
cancel those links from our website.
If you fill in a request form or send us an e-mail then we
require a minimum amount of personal details (eg name, e-mail
address, language, qualification level, number of dives,
telephone number and your personal travel plans) to help us offer you the level of experience
you need. In any e-mail conversation you may disclose further
personal information.
All information disclosed or collected
remains confidential to this booking / transaction, and is not
resold or shared with any third parties.
In the Diving centre we
do not collect any personal details from our divers other than
required either by Spanish law, PADI or BSAC standards, or to
operate an efficient and safe diving centre.
We do not resell or
rent out our list of customers.
All credit card transactions are
processed immediately using the TPV machine and we never record
credit/debit card numbers in any other form without special prior
approval.
If you complete a course with us then personal data related to the registration of your qualification will be sent to the awarding body (e.g. PADI)
We reserve the right to share personal information with
corporate affiliates (such as PADI or BSAC) and service providers
such as Insurance companies for reporting of incidents and accidents and individual transactions, and any
future owners of the business.
If you dive with us we will retain paper, computer and e-mail records of any training or
dives you complete, for statutory, safety and certification
reasons, and we may contact you in the future to update you on
our plans or to update our records unless you specifically ask us
not to.
If you wish to review or ammend any personal data held by us then
you can contact us by e-mail at info@davyjonesdiving.com or using our contact button from the
menu on the left and we will be pleased to advise on what is
held, subject to a proof of identity.
We also support fully the both the BSAC and PADI child protection
initiatives for teaching younger divers and snorklers or
vulnerable people. You can read more on our PADI
Junior Divers page. We will not accept any orders from any
person under the age of 16 years, and do not knowingly collect
statistical or personal data from them.
Social Media and Photos
We actively record interesting activities and special events on our Social Media Page (Facebook) and our website,
with both text posts and photographs.
We normally do not fully identify individuals without their express permission, or identify divers in underwater photos other than by a first name.
Typical Facebook posts or captions
are 'Graham enjoyed seeing the Spiny Pufferfish today' or 'congratulations to
John for completing his PADI Open Water Course'.
If you have any concerns about privacy in relation to Social Media or our website please just talk to any member of staff
and we will add your name to our privacy list and ensure that no posts or photos are placed on Social Media sites which could identify specific individuals.
If you are happy to do so, you are welcome to Tag yourself on photos in Facebook or post comments on the entries on our page.
Official statement in Spanish
Davy Jones Diving en adelante la empresa cumple con la legislación en materia de protección de datos de carácter personal. De acuerdo a lo establecido en la Ley Orgánica 15/1999 de Protección de Datos de Carácter Personal, le informamos que disponemos de su dirección de correo electrónico ha sido incorporada al fichero de CLIENTES y/o MARKETING. Como titular de dichos ficheros automatizados de datos de carácter personal, la empresa utilizará estos datos con la finalidad de mantener y gestionar los servicios contratados por el usuario, así como para informarles de las actividades, productos y servicios ofrecidos o patrocinados por la empresa. Los usuarios podrán ejercitar sus derechos de acceso, rectificación, cancelación y oposición mediante solicitud que habrán de dirigir a Davy Jones Diving a través del correo electrónico info@davyjonesdiving.com.
Los usuarios de esta información únicamente serán el personal de la empresa así como sus profesionales o colaboradores que prestan sus servicios en el mismo, y en determinados casos, terceros incluso PADI Europe. En el caso de que sus datos personales vayan a ser proporcionados a terceros, será únicamente con los estamentos oficiales que por ley exijan la cesión o bien entidades bancarias que serán informadas de que únicamente se podrán usar los mismos para los cobros, pagos o gestiones bancarias necesarias para poder llevar a buen fin dicha relación comercial. En el caso de que sus datos sean proporcionados a terceros distintos de los arriba mencionados, La empresa informará previamente del destinatario de dicha transmisión de datos y el objeto del mismo y recabará previamente consentimiento por su parte.
Click this button if you wish to erase our tracking cookie.
Plan your dive trip to Gran Canaria
Discover more secrets of the best diving in Gran Canaria
15 Specials
not to miss
in El Cabrón
PADI 5-star
diving with
Davy Jones Diving
Best dive routes
in El Cabrón
Meet your
instructors
Top Diving
sites in
Gran Canaria
Get your
PADI Open Water
in Gran Canaria
Recent Updates
Certificate of Excellence
2014-2019
hover to see reviews
Recent Special Sightings
on:2/12/2020
Small Locust Lobster (Scyllarus arctus)
All recent sightings
Latest Conditions
on:12/11/2020
Excellent
More info and
weather forecast
Recent Student Success
Congratulations to student:
Irma
Open Water Course
November 2019
Find your PADI course:
Photo-Memory of the week
on:2020/12/08
Spiny Puferfish
See in full screen
PADI Training
300+ reviews of Davy Jones Diving School in Gran Canaria
Flexi-Book
We know you often need flexibility when booking, or in challenging times the ability
to change or cancel your planned dives.
You have always had that flexibility as we do not
demand a deposit. This lets you find the best dates and times for your dives.
No Deposit Required
No Cancellation fees
No fee to change bookings