http://www.viapontica.com/en_EN/privacy.html
FOR OUR CULTURAL TOURS HERE
EN
ES
FR
HOME
TOUR FOCUS
DESTINATIONS
BOOKING
NEWS
GALLERY
CONTACT
ABOUT US
TOUR LEADERS
CONDITIONS
PRIVACY
PRIVACY POLICY
Protection of your personal data on our website
Via Pontica 2000 Ltd. is responsible for your personal data. The protection of your personal information is of particularly high importance to us. Personal data shall be processed in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) implemented on May 25, 2018. This Privacy notice aims to inform on how we collect and process your personal data.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to contact us, please do so at Via Pontica 2000 Ltd., 55 Midzhur str., apt. 4, 1421 Sofia, BULGARIA, phone +359 888 63 88 68, or email info[at]viapontica2000.com.
Collection of personal data and informationPersonal data that will be processed includes, but is not limited to, name, date of birth, address, email address, phone number, nationality, other information relevant to travel arrangements. We may also request information about your special diet or additional information regarding your health condition prior to the trip so as to best meet your requirements. The personal datawill be provided by you in connection with the tour booking online, by telephone, via our partners or by visiting us.
Purpose of personal data processingYour personal data will be processed with the aim to fulfill our commitments related to ordered tours and supplementary products, and keep you informed of current travel details. Processing of your personal data may also happen to fulfill obligations under laws, regulations and to handle issues and complaints. You therewith agree that your personal information may be used for the described purposes. By providing information about your health condition, you agree that we process this personal information for the purpose of providing the trip, and other services that you ordered. Health state data is never used for statistics, market research or marketing.
Storage of personal dataWe store personal information if it is necessary to meet the above objectives. Normally, we store your personal information for 5 years from your last trip or from contacting us otherwise. In some cases, we may need to store data for longer periods when required by law (e.g. accounting law) or, for example, in case of complaints.
Personal data processingPersonal information is processed by Via Pontica 2000 Ltd. and by our collaborators for system and administrative services. Your personal data may also be processed by airlines, bus companies, hotels and local partners. Only necessary information is disclosed.
Your rights to information about youYou have the right, at any time, to withdraw your consent to the processing of data you have provided to us. This means that you can also request rectification or deletion of your personal information. Such a request is made in writing. Your data will then be corrected or deleted within one month after receipt of the request. If yourtour is currently underway and not yet completed or has an ongoing complaint, your personal data will be deleted within one month after completion. You have the right, at any time, to request access to the registered information we have about you, which we will provide to you within one month.
More about the General Data Protection regulation (GDPR)More information on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is available here.