https://www.dragoman.com/about-us/policies-and-resources/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more
Got it!
Agent Login
Basket (0)
+44 1728 861133
Contact us
SEARCH
DESTINATIONS
AFRICA
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Cameroon
Congo
Congo DRC
Côte d’Ivoire
Egypt
Ethiopia
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Kenya
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Senegal
Sierra Leone
South Africa
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
NORTH & CENTRAL AMERICA
Belize
Canada
Costa Rica
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
USA
SOUTH AMERICA
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
French Guiana
Guyana
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
ASIA
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bhutan
Cambodia
China
Georgia
India
Iran
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Mongolia
Nepal
Pakistan
Tajikistan
Thailand
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
OVERLANDING
What's it all about?
FAQs
Travel with Confidence
Family Overlanding
Dragoman Family Tours
Family Overlanding FAQs
Our Trucks
Meet the Fleet
Our Treks
New Trips
Exploratory Trips
Private Charters
Planning your trip
Packing List
Visas
Flights
Health
Accommodation & Transfers
Money
Dragoland
STORE
OFFERS
Discounted Trips
Loyalty Discount
Offers on Gear
ABOUT
About Dragoman
Why Dragoman
In The Media
Travelling Responsibly
Responsible Travel Projects
Responsible Travel Policy
How To Be
A Responsible Traveller
Our Awards
Our Travel Family
Blog
Policies & Resources
Responsible Travel Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Peace of Mind
Foreign Travel Advice
Anti Slavery Policy
Policy on Orphanage visits
Videos
Order a Brochure
Newsletter
Our People
Back at Base
On the Road
Careers
Jobs at HQ
Contact Us
+44 (0) 1728 861 133
When are we open?
Monday to Friday 09:00 - 19:00.
Saturday 10:00 - 16:00.
Bank/Public Holidays 10:00 - 16:00 excluding Christmas day and New Year's Day.
Last Updated 18 May 2018
At Dragoman, we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we may share it with others, and how we keep it secure. We keep our privacy policy under regular review and any changes will be posted on this page.
Who are we?
We are Dragoman Overseas Travel Ltd (company registration number 2732524), a travel company trading under the brand names of Dragoman and The Imaginative Traveller. Our registered address is Camp Green, Kenton Road, Debenham, Stowmarket Suffolk, IP14 6LA.
What type of personal information do we collect?
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with information by filling in forms on our website, by interacting with us on social media or by corresponding with us by phone, email, live chat, in person, or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you ask for a quote, enter into a contract with us by making a booking or purchase, enter a competition, promotion or survey and when you apply for a job with us.
The personal information you provide may include your name, address, email address, phone number, gender, date of birth, nationality, occupation, driving licence details, passport details, facial image, travel insurance details, next of kin details, financial and credit card information and other information about yourself to enable us to provide you with our services, process your request or consider your job application.
You may also provide us with certain categories of sensitive personal information including, for example, information about your health, any special needs, disabilities, medical conditions and dietary requirements. We may need this sensitive information to supply you with a travel insurance quote, to assess your working capacity as our employee or to be able to cater to your needs and assist you when you travel with us.
This includes any information about other persons on your booking, and you are responsible for ensuring that others you represent are aware of the content of this privacy policy and consent to your acting on their behalf in all your dealings with us.
Information we collect about you
When you visit our website we may automatically collect non identifiable information via web analytics services about your computer, including your IP address, information about your visit, your browsing history, and how you use our website. Some of this information is collected using cookies. You can read more about how we use cookies on our Cookies page.
We use third party online advertising services such as Facebook Ads and Google Adword which collect statistical data around the adverts’ effectiveness.
We use a third party provider (MailChimp) to deliver our monthly e-newsletters. As part of this service MailChimp gathers statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter.
Information we receive from others
When you book through one of the agents who sell our trips and services, or when you enquire through websites promoting our trips then we may receive personal information from them such as your name, address, email address, phone number, gender, date of birth, nationality, occupation, driving licence details, passport details, facial image, travel insurance details, next of kin details, and other information to enable us to provide you with our services or process your request.
Your insurer, their agents or medical staff may disclose relevant information and sensitive personal information with us in circumstances where we/they need to act on your behalf or in the interest of passengers or in an emergency.
When you have requested a brochure (printed or digital) through a brochure request website then we will receive your name and postal address and/or email address in order to send you a brochure.
Photos and Videos
When you travel with us on a Dragoman trip, we or other members of the group may take videos and photos of you; these images and photos may be used by Dragoman Overseas Travel without charge for promotional and marketing purposes in material and media including but not limited to brochures, advertising campaigns, website, newsletters and social media channels. All participants of Dragoman trips authorise us to use his/her image (such as a photograph, videotape, film or pictorial representation or recorded voice). If you do not wish for this to happen, please notify us in writing using the contact details below.
How and why we use your personal information
We may collect, hold and use your personal information for the following purposes:
To administer services that you have requested (such as arranging your tour booking, flight, insurance, etc) to comply with our contractual obligations to you.
To manage our relationship with you, including updates about your tour booking and handling complaints. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you and our legal obligations under UK Package Travel Regulations.
To send you survey and feedback requests to help improve our services. These messages will not include any promotional content and do not require prior consent when sent by email. We have a legitimate interest to do so as this helps make our products or services more relevant to you.
To contact you in the event of an emergency on the basis of contractual obligations to you and our legal obligations under UK Package Travel Regulations.
To provide relevant information, which may include sensitive personal information, to insurers, their agents and medical staff in circumstances where we or they need to act on your behalf or in the interest of passengers or in an emergency. We do this to comply with our contractual obligations to you and our legal obligations under UK Package Travel Regulations.
To send e-newsletters to your email address when you have requested to receive such information. We may also send you e-newsletters when you have bought a service from us, but we will always give you the chance to opt out right from the outset. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest and in accordance with the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations). Of course, you can unsubscribe at any time.
To send relevant communications by post in relation to updates, offers, services and products when you have requested to receive such information or when you have bought a service from us. We’ll do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest. Of course, you can unsubscribe at any time.
To publish reviews including your name on our website, on social media, in e-newsletters and in printed materials, when you have given your consent.
To use the details in your job application to contact you via phone, email or post in regards to your application and to asses your suitability for the role you have applied for. We do this to be able to progress your application.
To carry out pre-employment checks including confirming your identity and your right to work in the UK if you are successful candidate. We do this to fulfil legal and regulatory obligations in the context of UK employment law.
We might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for if you choose not to share certain personal information with us.
How we share your personal information
We will never sell or rent your information to third parties.
We may pass your information to third party service providers, suppliers and subcontractors for the purposes of providing services to you on our behalf. We only disclose the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service. These third parties include airlines, flight operators, suppliers of excursions, hotels and other accommodations, insurance companies, embassies, visa support suppliers, printing houses, marketing automation companies and online review companies. Some of these third parties are based outside of the European Union (EU). Organisations that are based outside of the EU may not be subject to the same level of controls in regard to data protection as exist within the UK and the EU.
In order for you to travel overseas, we may be required to disclose certain of your personal data to government bodies or other authorities in the UK and in other countries, such as those responsible for immigration, border control, security and anti-terrorism. Some countries will only permit travel if you provide your advance passenger data (for example, Caricom API and US secure flight data).
How we protect your information
We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using ‘https’ technology. Access to your personal data is password-protected and all online payments are secured by SSL encryption. We never store your payment card information in any of our systems.
How long we keep your information
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of the retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
We may therefore delete your personal information and, if you have not used our services for some time, you may have to re-enter or re-supply your personal information to us.
Your rights
Direct marketing
You have the right to choose whether or not you wish to receive marketing information from us. If you wish to stop receiving postal marketing material then please contact us by email to info@dragoman.co.uk, by letter to Dragoman Overseas Travel, Camp Green, Kenton Road, Debenham, Stowmarket, Suffolk, IP14 6 LA, United Kingdom, or telephone on +44 (0)1728 861 133. If you wish to stop receiving our e-newsletters you can unsubscribe through the link at the bottom of each email, or you can contact us via email, letter or phone.
Access and updates to your information
You have the right to see and correct the information we hold about you. In some cases you also have the right to ask us to delete your information. If you wish to see or correct your personal information or ask us to delete it, please contact us using the details in the ‘How to contact us’ section below.
Complaints
If you have any concerns about how we use your personal information, please contact us using the details in the ‘How to contact us’ section below. If you’re not happy with how we handle the issue you can make a complaint with the ICO (Information Commissioner’s Office).
Links to other websites
This privacy policy applies only to our website and does not cover any links within our site linking to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, we encourage you to check their privacy policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices you can email us on privacy@dragoman.net or write to Privacy Officer, Dragoman Overseas Travel, Camp Green, Kenton Road, Debenham, Stowmarket, Suffolk, IP14 6LA, United Kingdom.
USEFUL INFORMATION
About Us
Foreign Travel Advice
Cookies
FAQs
Request a Brochure
Newsletter
Make a Payment
Work with us
Become Crew
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
DRAGOMAN OVERSEAS TRAVEL LTD
HQ & REGISTERED OFFICE:
CAMP GREEN, KENTON ROAD, DEBENHAM, SUFFOLK, IP14 6LA
UK REG NUMBER: 2732524 VAT NUMBER 571435640
REGISTRATION PLACE: ENGLAND
CHOOSE YOUR COUNTRY
Australia
Belgium
Canada
Europe
Ireland
Netherlands
New Zealand
United Kingdom
United States
Rest Of The World
Trusted Partner
Dragoman