http://www.fallonfly.com/privacy/
Home
Sports & Activities
Habitat
Automotive
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy:Fallon Media Group ("Fallon Media Group") operates http://www.fallonfly.com and may operate other websites. It is Fallon Media Group's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fallon Media Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Fallon Media Group's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Fallon Media Group's visitors use its website. From time to time, Fallon Media Group may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fallon Media Group also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.fallonfly.com blogs/sites. Fallon Media Group only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fallon Media Group's websites choose to interact with Fallon Media Group in ways that require Fallon Media Group to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fallon Media Group gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at http://www.fallonfly.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Fallon Media Group are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Fallon Media Group collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Fallon Media Group. Fallon Media Group does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Fallon Media Group may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Fallon Media Group may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Fallon Media Group does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fallon Media Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Fallon Media Group's behalf or to provide services available at Fallon Media Group's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Fallon Media Group's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Fallon Media Group will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Fallon Media Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Fallon Media Group believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Fallon Media Group, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Fallon Media Group website and have supplied your email address, Fallon Media Group may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Fallon Media Group and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Fallon Media Group takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fallon Media Group uses cookies to help Fallon Media Group identify and track visitors, their usage of Fallon Media Group website, and their website access preferences. Fallon Media Group visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Fallon Media Group's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Fallon Media Group's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Fallon Media Group, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Fallon Media Group goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Fallon Media Group may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Fallon Media Group and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fallon Media Group may change its Privacy from time to time, and in Fallon Media Group's sole discretion. Fallon Media Group encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy. If you have a http://www.fallonfly.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Pages
About Us
Anti-aging Solutions
Contact Us
Fishing Guide
Privacy
Terms of Use
The Ingredients Of D-Anabol 25
Recent Posts
Tips for Buying a Condo
Cars that can hit 0-60 the quickest
Tips to consider when considering buying a condominium
The Best Features of the Cropped Jackets
Main services offered by reputable HVAC contractors
Follow Us!