http://www.climb-europe.com/rockclimbingshop/terms-conditions-climb-europe
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Menu
Home
Rock Climbing Areas
Europe
United States
Central and South America
Africa and the Middle East
Far East and Australia
World Destinations
Destination Articles
Accommodation for Rock Climbers
Rock Climbing Shop
New Products
European Rock Climbing Guidebooks
Worldwide Rock Climbing Guidebooks
Rock Climbing Products
Walking Areas
Corsica Walking
Croatia Walking
Greece Walking
Sardinia Walking
Slovenia Walking
Spain Walking
Turkey Walking
Mountain Biking in Italy
Destination Articles
Walking Shop
New Products
European Walking Maps
European Walking Guidebooks
UK Walking Maps
UK Walking Guidebooks
Worldwide Walking Maps
Worldwide Walking Guidebooks
Mountain Biking Guidebooks
Sales Items
Our Blog
Account
Settings
Language
English
German
Home
Terms and conditions - Climb Europe
MENU Rock climbing destinations in Europe
World rock climbing destinations
Walking and hiking destinations in Europe
Mountain biking destinations in Europe
Sale items and special offers
European rock climbing guidebooks
Worldwide rock climbing guidebooks
European walking maps
European walking guidebooks
Mountain biking guidebooks
Destination articles
Contact us
Terms and conditions for Climb Europe1. IntroductionClimb Europe Limited (company number 6645934) is registered at, and trades from 3 Elmwood Close, Balsall Common, West Midlands, CV7 7DP, United Kingdom.  Your agreement is with Climb Europe Limited and this is the user agreement which governs your use of this website and the purchase by you of the services and products we provide. By proceeding with a purchase, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the following Terms & Conditions, and agree to be bound by them.           Climb Europe Limited wholly own and operate the following web sites:https://www.climb-europe.comhttps://www.guidepost.uk.com2. Products Section2.1. PaymentOrders placed using a credit card or debit card must be placed through the website, just follow the easy instructions.  Under no circumstances, e-mail your credit card details to us.  No responsibility can be taken for the security of your details if given this way.2.2. Card SecurityAs a company we have chosen to use either Stripe or PayPal to process your credit card or debit card payments.  By using these third party payment providers, we can ensure the utmost care is taken to protect you and your personal card details, as all cards details are handled by them.  Climb Europe do not have access to or store any card details.  It is imperative that you type in the cardholder's details as it is shown on the card, and address exactly as it appears on the statement. 2.3. Stock Control PolicyClimb Europe hold the stock that is featured in our on-line shop. If the item(s) you have ordered are temporarily out of stock, we will e-mail you within 14 days (usually within 48 hours), informing you when the item(s) will be dispatched to you.  If we can't supply a product we will refund your money in full.2.4. Pricing PolicyClimb Europe’s products are priced in Pounds Sterling and include all UK taxes.2.5. Delivery ChargesA delivery charge will be added to all orders as indicated at the time of ordering.2.6. Dispatch PolicyAll products are dispatched from the United Kingdom within 48 hours of ordering (usually 24 hours).  Climb Europe reserves the right to increase this dispatch period but if and when this occurs a notice will be displayed on the checkout pages of the website.For all orders over £100, Climb Europe reserves the right to delay dispatching the order until the payment has cleared.  Please note that AMEX payments can take longer to clear than other types of cards.Orders of 2 or more products may be dispatched separately at the discretion of Climb Europe.The majority of our International orders (excluding the UK) are sent with Royal Mail's International Signed or Tracked services, which will then be passed to the postal service of your country for onward delivery.3. Goods Return PolicyClimb Europe is committed to providing the best customer service available. 3.1. Wrong Item DispatchedIf within 30 days of ordering we have dispatched the wrong item, you can return the goods for a full refund (including postage and packaging) or for an exchange.  Climb Europe will also pay for the return postage back to us.  We only ask that the products are returned via the cheapest method and to obtain a proof of posting.3.2. Change of MindIf you change your mind (within 30 days of ordering) about a product and no longer require it, then this can be returned and will be refunded in full.  However Climb Europe is not liable for your return postage.  Please note that in order to qualify for a full refund the returned products must be unused and in a re-saleable condition.3.3. Damaged Product(s)If when the product(s) are received and they are damaged, please contact us within 30 days of ordering.  Please provide photographic evidence of the damage along the packaging the product(s) were delivered in.  The product(s) can then be returned for a full refund (including postage and packaging) or for an exchange. Climb Europe will also pay for the return postage back to us.  We only ask that the products are returned via the cheapest method and to obtain a proof of posting.3.4. Returns ProcedureTo return your product(s) just follow the simple instructions below. Contact Climb Europe Limited by e-mailing contact@climb-europe.com, within 7 days of receipt. All product(s) must be returned within 30 days of receipt, have not been used & in their original packaging. The original receipt must be returned. Once the returned goods have been checked then you will receive the appropriate refund. 3.5. Un-delivered Product(s)If the product(s) ordered have not been received, this must be reported to Climb Europe within 30 days from ordering to qualify for a full refund or replacement product(s). If product(s) are returned to Climb Europe due to an incorrect address or are not collected from a local postal service a full refund less the original postage fee will be given.4. Privacy Policy4.1. IntroductionClimb Europe has created this privacy statement as a demonstration of our firm commitment to the privacy of visitors to our website, www.climb-europe.com. The Climb Europe website is owned and operated by Climb Europe Limited.  We don’t collect huge amounts of personal data, and we only use what we do collect for the following specific purposes:To process and deliver your online order We may use your details to contact you 4.2. Personal information to process and delivery your online orderWhen you place an order on our website, we collect your names, address, an email address and a telephone number.  This information will only ever be used in the context of fulfilling your orders with Climb Europe.We share your contact details with some third party service providers so that we can complete your order.   These are as follows:We use Stripe and PayPal to check and process your card details.  We do not hold any credit detail on computers or paper, either at our warehouse or on our web server.We share your address with our couriers such as the Royal Mail so they can deliver your order.Your order details are held by a third party company who host our website.All third party companies detailed above comply strictly with our instructions and require that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes.4.3. Using your details to contact youClimb Europe maintains an emailing list that is used to send out information on new products, special offers and general outdoor sports information. We collect the following information: Your email address, your name, and your order history. Climb Europe does not divulge your email address to any third parties.  The information is only used to send Climb Europe newsletters. Climb Europe does not send random or un-targeted and unsolicited emails to our customers. You, the customer, have the option to opt out of receiving email from us by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any emails we send out, or by contacting us directly. 4.4. CookiesNew visitors to our site will see a cookie information pop-up in the page footer. After you agree to us using cookies by clicking the accept button you will not see this pop-up again.You can block all or any cookies by adjusting you bowsers settings.4.5. Other informationEvery time you visit our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. This data can’t be used to identify you, but we do use it to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We do not use Google Analytics to collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. 5. General Section5.1. Statutory RightsThese terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a customer.  Climb Europe Limited reserves the right to change the terms and conditions on this site at any time.5.2. DisclaimerTo the maximum extent permitted by law, Climb Europe Limited disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied by statute, custom or usage relating to the information contained in or services offered on this site and shall not be liable for any losses or damages whatsoever, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise arising from this site, or from any interruption or delay in accessing this site.5.3. JurisdictionAll agreements will be made in England and be governed by English law and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.5.4. CopyrightAll information shown on our website is the copyright of Climb Europe with all rights reserved. Individual pages may be printed off for your own private use but cannot be used for any commercial or business purpose.5.5. Contact DetailsFor any questions or comments you can contact us as detailed below:Climb Europe Limited3 Elmwood CloseBalsall CommonCoventryCV7 7DPUnited Kingdome-mail: contact@climb-europe.com.Phone: +44 (0)1676 292 003.Thank you very much for shopping with Climb Europe Limited. We hope you enjoy your purchases and we look forward to you purchasing again in the near future.
Copyright © 2008-present Climb Europe Limited. All rights reserved.