http://www.tomknapp.net/legal/
Tom Knapp - Exhibition Shooter
Home
What’s New
TV Shows
Ricochet Radio
All About Tom
Tom’s Hunting Spots
Colleen’s Kitchen
Voice Your Opinion
eNewsletter
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We know how concerned you are with how information about you is used and shared, and we are glad that you trust us to handle your information responsibly. This notice explains our Privacy Policy. When you visit TomKnapp.net, you are accepting the terms and conditions of this policy.
Information Gathered
We receive and store any information you enter on the TomKnapp.net web site, or you give us by any other means. You can choose not to provide us with certain information that we request, but by doing so, you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features, such as contests or giveaways.
We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information, submission of materials, photos, etc. and/or site registrations.
Your personal information that was disclosed by you on this web site will not be rented, sold, or exchanged however, you may receive future solicitations from Tom Knapp. Tom Knapp does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties who may have acquired your information through legal means.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding their inquiry. Please provide us with your correct phone number.
"Cookies" and How We Use Them
We also receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with us. For example, like many other web sites, we use "cookies", and we obtain some information when your web browser accesses TomKnapp.net.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our system to recognize your browser, and to provide certain other features.
Remember to Log Off
You must be careful not to inadvertently allow access to your information. In the event that you use a public or shared computer, be sure to log off when you are finished. This warning is for your protection. By logging off, you deny access to any of your information that you may have provided to Tom Knapp.
Children's Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000, and imposes certain requirements on Websites directed at children under 13 that collect information on those children, and on Websites that know they are collecting information on children under 13. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 on our Website. No one under the age of 15 should submit any personal information without the consent of a parent or guardian. In addition, unless expressly stated in connection with a particular promotion, our online sweepstakes are restricted to entrants who are at least 18.
Electronic Communications
When you visit TomKnapp.net or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Further Information
If you would like further information or have any questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us by filling out the form on the contact page.
Sponsors  |  Contact Tom  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  Site Map  |   powered by TechPro