http://www.mitsubishi-cars.co.uk/legal/terms-and-conditions
EnglishLegalTerms and ConditionsTerms of useThis website (http://www.mitsubishi-motors.com)("Website") is provided and operated by Mitsubishi Motors Corporation ("MMC" or "us"). Please read the following terms and conditions regarding recommended environment and requirements for use of this Website and e-mails associated with this Website ("Terms and Conditions") carefully before you use the Website, and you can use this Website only if you agree to and accept the Terms and Conditions. MMC may, at its sole discretion, change and/or alter any portions of the Terms and Conditions at any time without any notice. Therefore, you are requested to check the newest version of the Terms and Conditions periodically.1. Environment for the Usage1.1 Recommended browser
We recommend you to use the following versions on this Website. If you use a browser other than the aforementioned, you might be unable to use this Website or a part or all pages on this Website might not be viewed as intended.
Microsoft Internet Explorer – Latest version
Google Chrome - Latest version
Mozilla Firefox - Latest version
Macintosh Safari - Latest version
1.2. JavaScript and Cookie
Some pages on this Website use script language called "JavaScript" and technology called "Cookie". If you use a noncompliant browser or you make your browser reject Cookies, you might be unable to use this Website or a part or all pages on this Website might not be viewed as intended. Cookie is a small data (4KB at maximum) stored tentatively in your PC and etc. on requests from this Website. The pages on this Website use Cookies to provide you for greater convenience of your usage (such as saving you retyping) and to grasp the usage situation.
Please note that Cookies on this Website will not include any information which reveals your contact information.
1.3. Plug-in
Some pages on This Website use animation, video, PDF and so forth. Unless you install a compliant plug-in, you might be unable to use this Website or a part or all pages on this Website might not be viewed as intended. In addition, please note that you cannot use plug-in even if you install them when you make a browser reject any plug-in feature.
1.4. Pop-up blocker
Some Pages on this Website use pop-up blocker out of necessity. If you enable pop-up block function, you might be unable to use this Website or a part or all pages on this Website might not be viewed as intended. When you use this Website, please deactivate pop-up block function for this Website.
2. Contents and Information on this Website2.1. Objective
The objective of this Website is to introduce MMC and our product/services.
2.2. Disclaimer
MMC takes utmost care in keeping the accuracy of this Website and e-mails associated with this Website. However, MMC does not guarantee accuracy and completeness of any information on this Website and e-mails associated with this Website. Please be reminded that contents and information on this Website and e-mails associated with e-mails are subject to amend or change without prior notice. MMC will not accept liability for any loss incurred from the use of any contents and information in this Website or e-mails associated with this Website, or unavailability for some reason. Furthermore, MMC will not be held liable for any trouble with hardware or software or any loss resulting from the use of this Website or e-mails associated with this Website. Please note that the operation of this Website may be suspended or terminated without prior notice.
2.3. Information on Our Future Performance
MMC may provide information on this Website regarding its future business activities and performance. Such forward-looking information is merely a forecast based on information available at the time of disclosure and may include risk and uncertainty. MMC's actual business activities and performance are subject to change affected by a wide range of factors surrounding MMC such as economic affairs, market trend, exchange rates and etc. and you should aware that MMC shall have no obligation to update any information regarding our future business activities and performance on this Website.
2.4. Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction
MMC operates this Website in Japan. Use of this Website and e-mails associated with this Website and interpretations and applications of the Terms and Conditions shall be governed in accordance with the laws of Japan. Additionally, unless otherwise specified, the Tokyo District Court has the exclusive first instance jurisdiction for all disputes to arise relating to or in connection with use of this Website and e-mails associated with this Website.
3. Personal InformationYou may input your personal information when you apply for a campaign or request a catalog.
Personal information entered by you such as names, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers, addresses and so forth will be shared between MMC and our dealership ("Dealership") to the extent necessary for us to provide you with information and services through this Website, but we will not provide your personal information to any third party without your consent. Notwithstanding, please be reminded that we may disclose your personal information to a third party with your consent to the necessary extent to meet your request in providing you with our services. For instance, we may disclose your name and address to a carrier to send you a campaign award. Additionally, we may disclose your personal information in accordance with laws and ordinances, regulations or disclosure requirements imposed by governmental agencies.
MMC or Dealership may deliver information materials to you if you consent to our use of your personal information when you apply for a campaign or you register your personal information in some page of our Website. MMC will keep security of your personal information and implements and will take necessary and appropriate measure to prevent all of your personal information from leakage and unauthorized outside access. MMC uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer: an industry-standard security function that encrypts and transmits information online) to ensure that personally identifiable information and privacy should be kept secured. Unfortunately, however, we are unable to guarantee safety and certainty of communication between your transmission of personal information and the storage on our server. Please use our services on this Website on the condition that you understand and accept the risks involved with such communications. In addition, please keep control of your ID and password by yourself.
Click here for our Privacy Policy.
4. Product InformationGraphics on this Website may be different from actual vehicles in color. Because the list price on the Website is for reference only, please contact the nearest Dealership for actual sales price.
Additionally, as to the information on secondhand car Dealership updates inventory information at its own responsibility, and please make sure to contact the Dealership for details such as availability, vehicle state and so forth.
5. CopyrightsAll contents contained in this Website and e-mails associated with this Website are protected by copyrights held by MMC or by other parties that have granted to MMC the license to make use of them. You are strictly prohibited to use (including, without limitation, duplicate, divert, change, or modify) any contents of this Website and e-mails associated with this Website beyond the legally permitted scope (for example, private use).6. TrademarksAll trademarks and service marks contained in this Website are held by MMC or by other parties that have granted to MMC the license to make use of them, and you are strictly prohibited to use any of them without our prior permission. Please refrain from creating such a website as might mislead visitors it has a relationship with MMC, or our product or services.7. The Use of Cookies on the MMC WebsiteWe use Cookies and web beacon technology for the purpose of enhancing user-friendliness and of improving website quality and performance. Cookies allow us to recognize that you are a user of this Website and, to make our information service more convenient for you. However, Cookies do not record name, address, telephone number or other information that might identify you.
From time to time, we may provide or disclose Cookie information to the outside providers commissioned with the management of this Website and other tasks related to the distribution of online advertising to the extent necessary for them to carry out such tasks. With such providers we have entered into confidentiality agreements.
Further, the said outside providers may, from time to time, use Cookie information to distribute our online ads. You may change your browser settings to disable the Cookie function. Should you choose to do so, however, please understand that our website service may not operate correctly in your browser.
8. Links to MMC WebsiteIf you wish to link to this Website, please link to the top page of this Website using the following URL: (http://www.mitsubishi-motors.co.jp/ or http://www.mitsubishi-motors.com/)You are strictly prohibited to link to this Website in the following manner.
To Link from any website which contains or may contain information against public order and morals or illegal information.
To Link in the manner which violates copyrights such as, including without limitation, using frame functions or making it unclear that the contents are held by MMC.
To Link for commercial use or profit-making purpose.
In case you are claimed compensation, alleged violation of portrait rights, copyrights, or trademarks, complained for any reason, relating to or in connection with your use of any website linked to this Website, please be careful that you have to cope with on your own responsibility.
MMC makes no warranties or guarantees whatsoever regarding the contents of the third party's website(s) which is linked to this Website and assumes no responsibilities or liabilities for any losses, expenses or damages occurred in making use of any other website that is independently operated by third parties. When making use of any other website linked to this Website, you are requested to carefully check the terms and conditions of such other website linked to this Website.
9. Links to Other WebsitesEven if other websites which you access from this Website ("Linked Sites") contain our products, services, trademarks, service marks and etc., such Linked Sites are independently operated not by us, but by third parties on their own responsibilities. When making use of the Linked Sites, you are requested to carefully check the terms and conditions of such Linked Sites.
MMC makes no warranties or guarantees whatsoever regarding the contents of the Linked Sites and assumes no responsibilities or liabilities for any losses, expenses or damages occurred in making use of such Linked Sites. MMC provides you with these Linked Sites for your convenience only. MMC will not necessarily recommend you to acquire information in Linked Sites.
10. Change of Text SizeYou can change text size on pages of this Website according to your browser. Please note, however, that:
You cannot change text size in Flash or graphics.
It might happen that page layout collapses if you change text size.
The way to change text sizes depends on your usage environment.
You cannot change text size in some web browsers.
Internet Explorer
Click "View" from the Menu Bar. Then, select "Text Size" from the pull-down menu. Select the text size that best meets your needs, among "Largest", "Larger", "Medium", "Smaller" or "Smallest".
Safari
Click "View" on the Menu Bar. Then, select "Zoom In" or "Zoom Out" to determine text size that best meets your needs.
* Internet Explorer is a registered trademark of U.S. Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries.
* JavaScript TM is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
* Adobe Acrobat Reader and Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Shockwave Player is a registered trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated.