https://www.americanpointerclub.org/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
July 1, 2020
American Pointer Club, Inc. (APC) values its users’ privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) will help you understand how we collect and use personal information from those who visit out website and make use of our online facilities and services, and what we will and will not do with the information we collect. Our Policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with American Pointer Club, Inc. of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet, but to exceed, most existing privacy standards.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time. If you want to make sure that you are up to date with the latest changes, we advise you to frequently visit this page. If at any point in time American Pointer Club. Inc. decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified y email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
This Policy applies to American Pointer Club, Inc. and it governs any and all data collection and usage by us. Through the use of Americanpointeclub.org, you are therefore consenting to the data collection procedures expressed in this Policy.
Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that American Pointer Club, Inc. Does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by us. If you visit a website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information. It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent to better understand the way in which website garner, make use of and share the information collected.
Specifically, this Policy will inform you of the following
What personally identifiable information is collected form you through our website;
Why we collect personally identifiable information and the legal basis for such collection;
How we sue the collected information and with whom it may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data; and
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Information We Collect
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you let not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services. This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc. which may be used when you purchase produces and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies and server logs.
In addition, American Pointer Club, Inc. may have the occasion to collect non-personal anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, pollical affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, IP address, or typo e operating system, Which will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
American Pointer Club, Inc. may also deem it necessary, from time to time, to follow websites that our users may frequent to glean what types of services and products maybe the most popular to customers or the general public.
Please rest assured that this site will only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide to us by way of surveys, competed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only the purpose for which is was requested, and any additional uses specifically provided for on the Policy.
Why We Collect Information and For How Long
We are collecting your data for several reasons:
To better understand your needs and provide you with the serviced you have requested;
To fulfill our legitimate interest in improving our services and products;
To send you promotional emails containing information we think you may like when we have your consent to do so;
To contact you to fill out surveys or participate in other types of market research, when we have your consent to do so;
To customized our website according to your online behavior and personal preferences.
The data we collect from you will be stored for not longer than necessary. The length of time we retain said information will be determined based upon the following criteria: the length of time your personal information s remains relevant; the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations, any limitation periods within which claims might be made, any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators professional  bodies or associations the type of contract we have with you, the existence of your consent and our legitimate interest in keeping such information as stated in the Policy.
Use of Information Collected
American Pointer Club, Inc. does not now, no will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of its customer lists and /or names to any third parties.
American Pointe Club, Inc. may collect and make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to sue personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you form Americanpointerclub.org
American Pointer Club, Inc. may also be in contact with you regards to completing surveys and ‘or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
American Pointer Club, Inc. uses various third=party social media features including but not limited to Facebook and other interactive programs. These may collect your IP address and require cookies to work properly. These services are governed by the privacy policies of the providers and not within American Pointer Club. Inc. control.
Disclosure Information
American Pointer Club, Inc. may not use or disclose the information provided by you except under the following circumstances:
As necessary to provide services or products you have ordered;
In other way described in the Policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
In the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot be reasonably be determined;
As required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
To outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
As necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
As necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of American Pointer Club, Inc.
Non-Marketing Purposes
American Pointer Club, Inc greatly respects your privacy. We do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues and /or changes in American Pointer Club, Inc products and services) In certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers , or other public means o post a notice.
Children under the age of 13
American Pointer Club, Inc’s website is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from, children under the age of thirteen (13). If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe from our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to Info@americanpointerclu.borg. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe or opt-out. America Pointer Club, Inc. will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any personal information previously collected.
Links to Other Websites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. American Pointer Club, Inc. does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and /or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to ready the privacy statement of every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Notice to European Union Users
American Pointer Club, Inc.’s operations are located primarily in the United States, if you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) and sent to the United States. (The adequacy decision on the EU_US Privacy became operational on August 1, 2016. This framework protects the fundamental rights of anyone in the EU whose personal data is transferred to the United States for commercial purposes. It allows the free transfer of data to companies that are certified in the US under the Privacy Shields) By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as describe in the Policy.
Your Rights as a Data Subject
Under the regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) of the EU you have certain rights as a Data Subject. These rights are as follows:
The right to be informed: this means we must inform you of how we intend to use your personal data and we do this through terms of this Policy.
The right to access: this means you have the right to request access to the data we hold about you and must respond to those requests within one month. You can do this by sending an email to apcweb20@gmail.com.
The right to rectification: this means that if you believe some of the data, we hold is incorrect, you have the right to have it corrected. You could do this by logging in to your account with us, or by sending us and email with your request.
The right to restrict processing; this means you can change your communication preference or opt-out of certain communications. You can do this by sending an email to  info@americanpointerclub.org
The right of data portability; this means you can obtain and use the data we hold for your own purposes without explanation. If you wish to request a copy of your information, contact us at apcweb20@gmail.com
The right to object; This means you can file a formal objection with us regarding our use of your information with regard to third parties, or its processing where our legal basis is our legitimate interest in it. To do this, please send an email to apcweb20@gmail.com
In addition to the rights above, please rest assured that we will always aim to encrypt and anonymize your personal information whenever possible. We also have protocols in place in the unlikely event that we suffer a data breach and we will contact you if your personal information is ever at risk. For more details regarding our security protections see the section below or visit our website at, Americanpointerclub.org
Security
American Pointer Club, Inc. takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (e.g. cedi card information) that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bard and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the webpage.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only Officers, Directors, Committee Head who need the information to perform a specific jog (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and server in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. This is all done to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, discourser modification of the user’s personal information un tour control.
The company also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications to build users’ trust and confidence in the internet and website use by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Acceptance of Terms
By using this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and condition stipulated within the Privacy Policy agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our site. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you agree and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: apcweb20@gmail.com
Telephone Number 615-329-9445
Mailing Address: American Pointer Club, Inc., 1038 Clyde Boyd Road, Ashland City, Tennessee 37015
The data controller responsible for your personal information for the purposes of GDPR compliance is:
June Johnston, Apcweb20@gmail.com , 615-329-9445, 1038 Clyde Boyd Road, Ashland City, TN
We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies.OKPrivacy policy