https://www.pegasusracing.com/privacy-policy/
News
Vision
Patents
Pegasus Racing
Facebook
YouTube
Who we are
Pegasus Racing
https://www.pegasusracing.com.
Information we may collect and why we collect it
If you visit our website to browse, read, or download information:
Your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the:
Internet domain through which you access the Internet (e.g., yourServiceProvider.com if you use a commercial Internet service provider, or yourSchool.edu if you use an Internet account from your school);
Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using;
type of browser software and operating system you are using;
date and time you access our site; and
the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our site.
We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this site, e.g., to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our site, to ensure the site is working properly, and to help us make our site more accessible and useful.
We will not use this information to identify individuals, except for site security or law enforcement purposes.
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information.
Other Information We Collect
If you choose to identify yourself (or otherwise provide us with personal information) when you use our online forms:
We will collect (and may retain) any personally identifying information, such as your name, email address, phone number, and any other information you provide. We will use this information to try to fulfill your request and may use it provide you with additional information at a later time. We will not disclose such information to third parties, except as specified in this privacy policy.
If you request information, services, or assistance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties that (in our judgment) are appropriate in order to fulfill your request. If, when you provide us with such information, you specify that you do not want us to disclose the information to third parties, we will honor your request. Note, however, that if you do not provide such information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to or fulfill your request.
How Long We Keep Information
We may keep information that will collect for an unlimited period of time.
Cookies
Our website makes use of the WordPress platform which uses Cookies to further enhance the experience of the website. You can read more about that here – http://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies
We may use additional cookies in order to customize this site for return visitors.  These cookies are not required for site functionality.  Additionally, third-party widgets such as YouTube or Vimeo may install cookies depending on their configuration.  You are not required to accept any cookies to use this site.
Embedded content from other websites
– Google Analytics (3rd party).  We use this to see how many visitors we are getting, and how they found us.  You can find out more about Google Analytics’ Cookies here:  http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/#toc-analytics
– Social Media Sharing and Integration (3rd party).  We use Facebook and Twitter functionality within this site so that you can share items of interest, or become a fan of our Social Media Profiles.  You can find out more about Facebook’s Cookie use here: http://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=115180708570932 , and Twitter’s here: https://twitter.com/privacy
– We also sometimes use video embedding, like YouTube or Vimeo (3rd party) to enhance your experience of content on our site.  You can find out about YouTube’s Cookie policy here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, and Vimeo’s here: http://vimeo.com/privacy
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your contact information
Pegasus Racing
1041b 17th Avenue,
Santa Cruz, CA 95062
https://www.pegasusracing.com.
This website uses cookies to improve site functionality. You may accept this for the best user experience. Accept Privacy & Cookie PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.