http://www.camping.com/privacy-policy
Camping.com
Search...
HomeoverviewFind a Campground Travel
Travel GuidesHot SpotsReserve a CampsiteCamp America - Road TripsTop PicksNational Park GuidesState Park Guides
RV Stuff
RV Travel TipsRV Articles & InformationSell an RVBuy an RVRV MaintenanceTop Picks
Articles and Infocamping and RVing Articles
Gear GuidesCamping RecipesKidsPetsFitnessSportsNew to DoCamping GemsCamp Styles
Reviewsreviews & ratings
How to Write a ReviewTips for Writing a ReviewWrite A Review
Skip to content
Camping.com Privacy Policy
Category: Uncategorised
Privacy Policy
Camping.com
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is very important
to us at camping.com. We have established and implemented information handling
practices for www.camping.com that we
believe represent the highest standards and best practices of organizations
doing business on the Internet. This privacy policy ("Policy") describes the
practices that apply to our site, including, specifically, the information we
collect about you, when and how we collect that information and what may happen
to that information.
The
Basics:
· we will
not collect personally identifiable information like your name, e-mail and
mailing address and telephone number ("Personal Information") without your
knowledge and permission; · we only disclose your Personal Information to
third parties as authorized by you to complete a transaction; · we take
reasonable steps to protect the security of the Personal Information we collect
from you.
The
remainder of this policy describes our information handling practices in detail
and is broken down into 6 parts:
1. Just
Looking2. Make a Reservation3. Buy Gear4. Other Information
When you are “Just
Looking”.We encourage you to visit
our site often, even if you’re “just looking”. We are creating the most dynamic
camping lifestyle destination on the web. Our content changes frequently and
we’re always adding new and exciting experiences, therefore we hope you’ll visit
often. When you’re “just looking”, you won’t be asked to reveal who you are or
provide any Personal Information. When you visit our site we do collect usage
information, but it is anonymous and is not linked to you as an individual. We
use this data to better understand things like how our site is navigated, how
many visitors arrive at specific pages, the length and frequency of stays at our
site, the variety of searches of our site's database, the types of browsers and
computer operating systems used by our visitors and the Internet Protocol
addresses from which our visitors connect to our site. We use this information
to improve our site content and ease of use.
Cookies and Pixel
Tags.We,
or a third-party advertiser acting on our behalf, may place a "cookie" or "pixel
tag" on your personal computer when you come to the site or visit a site on
which we advertise. These devices are small computer files that our computer
sends to your computer and that your computer sends back to us each time you
make a request from our site. We use these devices to collect data to help us
personalize and improve your experiences on our site. The data on your use of
our site may be linked to the Personal Information you have chosen to share with
us when you register. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies.
However, you can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop
accepting cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you
visit. If you decide not to accept our cookies, your ability to use some
features on our site may be impaired.
Third-party
Advertisers.We work with Internet marketing
companies to advertise Camping.com on the Internet, and we have third-party
advertisers on our site. Third-party advertisers may use cookies and pixel tags
to gather information about the ads you have seen and the types of things that
you appear interested in. We do not share any Personal Information about you
with these advertisers unless you give us specific permission to do so, separate
from any permission you provide during the registration process. These
advertisers may use combined information about your visits to our site and other
sites in order to provide advertisements about related goods and services that
you may be interested in. This privacy policy does not cover the policies or
practices of these third-party advertisers.
When
You Make A Reservation.
Payment Information and Travel
History.When you make a reservation with
us your personal and financial information is collected and protected by Friend
Communications. Please click here to view their privacy policy.
Buy Gear.When you make a purchase from
our Gear Shop you must provide payment information to our joint-venture partner.
Click here to view their terms and conditions.
Additional Products and
Services.We may partner with other
companies to offer you additional products or services. If you sign up for any
of these additional products or services, we will share your name and any other
Personal Information that is necessary for these other companies to provide the
products or services you have signed up for.
Other
Information
You may decide to share
other information with us about yourself (for example, demographic information
like your age and gender) and your camping preferences and experiences. If you
share this information with us, we will use it to automatically record your
preferences in reservations you make and tailor your experience at our site to
your interests and make more appropriate recommendations to you. You may still
use our site to search for and purchase goods and services even if you choose
not to share this type of information with us.
Links to Other
Sites.Our
site provides links to other sites. When you click on one of these links, you
are leaving our site and entering another site that we do not control and for
which we cannot be responsible. You should carefully review the privacy
statements or policies on any other site that you visit because those privacy
statements or policies will apply to your visit to that site and may be very
different from our policy. This privacy policy will not cover the use of your
Personal Information by these other companies. We encourage you to read each
other company's privacy policy before signing up for any of its products or
services.
Online Surveys and
Contests.We value your comments and
opinions. From time to time, we will invite you, as a registered user of our
site, to participate in online surveys, but the choice will be yours. Your
participation in these surveys is on an anonymous basis, unless you provide
permission to the contrary. We may offer you the chance to win a variety of
camping related prizes by sponsoring contests. You choose to participate in
these contests or not. If you choose to participate in these contests, you will
share certain of your Personal Information with us, like your full name, e-mail
address and mailing address. Participation in these contests may include
participation in an online survey. We will only use your Personal Information to
notify you if you win a contest.
Notification of
Changes.We
may change this policy from time to time. If we decide to change this policy in
a material way (for example, a change regarding disclosure of Personal
Information), we will post notice of the change on our site and notify you via
e-mail at the address you have provided to us or pop-up screen at least thirty
(30) days before putting the change into effect. If we decide to change our
policy in a less significant way, we will simply post notice of the change on
our site at least thirty (30) days before putting the change into effect. If any
proposed change is unacceptable to you, you may, as discussed in the section
above (Changing and Removing Personal and Other Information), request that we
remove your Personal Information from our records.
Combined
Non-Personal Information.We may also combine anonymous
information supplied by you and other users during registration on our site with
information about your use and others' use of our site. We will use this
combined information to describe our user base, without reference to any
specific individual, to potential partners, investors and advertisers. We will
not share your Personal Information with any other users of our site, but we may
use information we collect about your travel preferences and experiences to make
recommendations to other users of our site. We may also share aggregated
statistical information about users of our site and our service and product
offerings with others, including our vendors and partners. We will not link this
statistical information to any Personal Information that can identify you as an
individual.
How We Protect Your
Information.Your Privacy is very important
to us. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your
nonpublic personal information. We protect your account information by placing
it on the secure portion of our website. Our servers have been enabled with
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to prevent unauthorized parties from
viewing your nonpublic personal information that you give or access during a
secure session. This is why you must enter a unique User Name and Password each
time you access your account information online. In addition, we employ
VeriSign's digital certificate services to authenticate that you are transacting
with Camping.com or one of our other internet portals.
You can take steps to maximize your
security online and protect your confidential information. Never share your
Password with anyone, and change it periodically. You can change your User Name
and Passwords at any time through the Set Passwords & Features link under
the User Profile tab.
Contact Us.If you have any questions or
concerns about this policy or our information handling practices, you may
contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns within five (5)
business days after we receive them. We can also be reached by regular mail at:
Privacy Camping.com 1855 W Katella Ave Suite 350 Orange,
CA 92867
This Privacy Statement is for www.camping.com and any other Leisure Interactive, LLC.  websites.
Sponsors
You are here: Home
Privacy Policy
Top
Skip to content
About Camping.com
Camping.com is dedicated to bringing you great camping and RVing tips, trips and information.
Sign-up to Recieve the Camping News Newsletter
Subscribe
Camping Recipes
Throw a Christmas Cookie Baking Party
Food and Wine | Virginia Wine Trail
Recipes | Independence Day Recipes
Camping Recipes | Campfire Pizza Recipe
Camping Recipes | Spring Farmers Market Menu
Road Trips
Weekend Road Trip | Red Rock Scenic Byway - Sedona, Arizona
Road Trip | The Best National Parks in the Southwest
Road Trip | Cherohala Skyway - Tennessee & North Carolina
Road Trip | Western and Central Massachusetts
Road Trip | Hermann Wine Trail - Missouri
Road Trip | The Apostle Islands and Harbor Towns
Road Trip | Chesapeake Bay and Beaches, Maryland
Road Trip | Connecticut
Useful Links
Contact UsTerms Of UsePrivacy PolicyAbout UsPartnersCampground Reservation Software
Copyright © 2020 Camping.com. All Rights Reserved. A Leisure Interactive Brand Learn more about Leisure Interactive, LLC.
Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU General Public License.