http://www.kisc.ch/general-terms-conditions
Webcam from KISC
Support Us
Login
Registration
Membership Zone
Plan & StayTips to plan your stay
Travelling to KISC
Accommodation
Meals & Self-catering
Conferences & Meetings
Safety at KISC
BookAccommodation Request
ProgrammeTips to prepare programme
Programme & Adventure
Awards & Badges
Be prepared for activities
VolunteerWhy volunteer at KISC?
Job vacancies
Practical info for applicants
FAQ
Donate
Search form
Search
About UsWhy visit KISC
The Story of KISC
Who we are
Meet the Pinkies
Meet the Board
News
Contact us
Shop
DE
FR
Login
Registration
Membership Zone
Plan & StayTips to plan your stay
Travelling to KISC
Accommodation
Meals & Self-catering
Safety at KISC
ProgrammeTips to prepare programme
Programme & Adventure
Awards & Badges
Be prepared for activities
Book
VolunteeringWhy volunteer at KISC?
Job vacancies
Practical info for applicants
About usWhy visit KISC
The Story of KISC
Who we are
Meet the Pinkies
Meet the board
Webcam from KISC
FAQ
COVID-19
Donate
News
Contact us
Support us
Shop
Membership Zone
Deutsch
Français
Login
Registration
Membership Zone
General Terms & Conditions
Pre-arrival information
You are hereHome/General Terms & Conditions
1. Area of Application
These General Terms & Conditions and Guest Declaration are binding for all bookings at Kandersteg International Scout Centre (KISC) and are binding upon confirmation of your booking by KISC.
2. Behaviour
KISC is a Scout Centre with different prices and levels of service in comparison to a hotel or campsite. It is essential that all guests respect the rules and guidelines given by KISC and, if a Scout or Guide, keep their scout/guide law in mind at all times. Guests that do not respect KISC’s rules, Swiss law or Scout law can be sent away. In such a case, KISC retains its right for payment of any services already booked and not used. Groups staying at KISC must have at least one adult (18 years or older) responsible for the group with them for the entire duration of the stay. All guests staying at KISC are responsible for the equipment, accommodation and any facilities they use during their stay, including cleaning the facilities at the end of the stay. In case of misuse of facilities additional charges may apply.
3. Pricing
All prices are as advertised on the KISC website and include VAT. Local tourist taxes and cantonal overnight taxes are billed separately by KISC on behalf of the tax authorities. Scout prices are granted to members of a National Scout Organisation recognized by either WOSM or WAGGGS. KISC follows the WOSM fee payment system (all countries categorised as A, B, C or D) and thus gives scouts a discount of 25-75% on overnights depending on the guest country of residence (A-C). Scout groups must state in which pricing band they fall and be able to prove their eligibility for it. Special agreements are excluded. Infants up to the age of 5 are only charged for accommodation if they require their own bed. They can be accommodated in a cot supplied by the guests or KISC. KISC reserves the right to change prices and taxes without prior notice.
4. Prepayment & Confirming a Booking
To confirm a booking, KISC is allowed to ask for a prepayment. This must be paid before the due date to secure the booking. The amount and due date of the prepayment is dependent of the timeframe between the booking date and the arrival date. Please refer to the table at the end of this document for the specific percentages and timeframes.
Bookings made through external suppliers follow their respective rules. No reservations for Programme, Catering, Guest Kitchens or Camping Equipment can be accepted before a booking is confirmed.
5. Cancellations
The guest is obliged to inform KISC immediately about any changes to the agreed contract in writing.
5.1. Reduction in numbers and/or amount of overnights
Groups with less than 100 people may reduce their numbers from the original booking up to 90 days before arrival without charge. If a group reduces the originally booked number of participants 89 days or less days prior to arrival, an administration fee of SFr. 25.- (or the full amount of overnights if less than this) will be added to the bill for each participant that does not check in. This provision applies to all groups, regardless of size. For groups larger than 100 people, a decrease in the number of participants which equals to 10% or more of the original group size, if the decrease is made exactly 90 days or more prior to arrival, will be charged with a cancellation fee of CHF 25 or 50% of the total overnights cancelled (whichever is less) for each participant not checking in. Reductions in the amount of overnights 89 days or less, prior to arrival are subject to a cancellation fee. In this case, the maximum amount charged as a cancelation fee can be equivalent to the total cancelled overnights at full price or CHF 25 per person (whichever is less). Please refer to the table in annex at the end of this page for a visual representation. In case of a Package Deal separate cancellation fees may apply.
5.2. Meal bookings
Meal bookings and cancellations must be announced at least 24 hours in advance. Meals not cancelled 24 hours in advance will be charged for. For capacity reasons, short term meal bookings may not be accepted. Groups sized 25 or more need to book their meals no later than 7 days in advance.
5.3. Programme bookings
Activity cancellation fee is applied for cancellations or changes within less than 7 days notice. This fee is 50% of the cost of the activity per person, or Chf 5.- per person, whichever is larger. Cancellations or changes done within 48 hours before the start of the activity will not be refunded. This applies to all KISC activities, including those which are free of charge. For activities not run by KISC (e.g. river rafting, paragliding, mountain biking, etc.), or service provided by third parties as part of KISC run activities (e.g. mountain huts, transportation) the cancellation policy of the contracted company applies that may be different from above conditions. KISC will charge the respective cancellation fees to the guest.
5.4. Full Cancellation of booking
In case of a full cancellation, KISC will be allowed to keep up to the full amount of the prepayment, depending on the time between cancellation date and the expected arrival date. Please refer to the table at the end of this document for exact timelines and charges. Any bank charges as a result of returning prepayments will be paid by the Guest.
Full Cancellation by KISC: The Centre is entitled to cancel bookings at any time without prior notice. In such a case, any prepayment already paid will be reimbursed in full to the group.
6. Payment
Bills fall due at the end of the booking period and have to be settled in full the day before departure. Currency of settlement is Swiss Francs and can be paid either in cash or with a credit/debit card. Cash payments in foreign currencies are only accepted in bills up to the equivalent of 200 Swiss Francs in the currencies: Pounds Sterling, US Dollars or Euro. An invoice can be issued only when agreed by KISC before arrival and must be paid within 10 days of departure in full in Swiss Francs. Bank charges are born by the guest. The exchange of foreign currency payments into Swiss Francs is based on exchange rates defined by KISC that may vary due to changes in the financial markets.Depending on the conditions of the booking, KISC reserves the right to ask for a payment at check in.
7. Check-in and check-out times
Check-in is from 14.00. Late arrivals (after 18:00) need to be announced in advance, so we can make sure a member of staff is available to assist with your check-in. Check-out is by 10.00h from all indoor accommodation and 11:00 from campsite.
KISC reserves the right to ask for proof of identification (Passport, ID card, driver\'s license...) at check in time.
8. Catering and Dietary requirements
For all KISC catered meals, the meal times are binding. This needs to be taken into account for any meals on arrival/departure days and any lateness to one of the meals needs to be announced to KISC staff in advance. Due to the limited services provided outside of meal times, a late meal might not be possible. Lateness to any of the booked meals and arrival outside of the normal meal times will result in the meals being billed.
KISC’s kitchen facilities are operated by volunteer staff and all dietary requirements are catered for up to the best of our ability. We cannot guarantee food to be 100% allergen free. It is up to the guest’s own risk to eat KISC catered meals in case they are suffering from a severe food allergy. Certain diets, such as gluten free, dairy free, or any food allergies need to be booked no later than 7 days in advance. If dietary requirements are not communicated in time, KISC cannot necessarily cater for the required diet or allergy. Price differences for special diets may occur. Any dietary requirements need to be declared to catering staff.
9. Insurance and liability
Guests must provide their own insurance coverage for personal liability, sickness and accidents during the stay at KISC. Any damage caused by a guest is fully payable by the guest, including false call outs of emergency services.
KISC accepts no responsibility for the loss or damage of personal property when staying at KISC. Damage claims against KISC are excluded as far as damage was not caused by negligence or intentionally. KISC will not be held responsible for damages which are caused by the actions or neglect of Staff should this conduct not fall under his/her responsibility; as cause of actions of third parties, other guests, the guest, acts of God, natural occurrences or official regulations.
Should the group leader and/or group members not follow the instructions of KISC Staff then all liability of the KISC is dropped.
KISC works with third parties, which provide valued services. In these situations KISC lawfully transfers the execution of the activity to the third party, and shall not be held responsible for the third party’s actions or neglect during execution of the activity.
10. Use of Data and Pictures
Personal data received in terms of the booking process will be saved by KISC. KISC has the right to process it and use it bookings with external (third party) suppliers, promotion, statistics and customer feedback. By doing so, your data will be kept strictly confidential and not sold nor disclosed to any not specified third parties. For further details on how we use your data, please refer to our Privacy Policy. Any photographs, video footage or voice recording, taken during your stay and/or on KISC activities, which contain members of your group can be used by KISC for promotional purposes. The responsibility to obtain parental consent for all subjects under the age of 16 years old, is with the leader of the party and signatory of the booking agreement.
11. Applicable law and place of jurisdiction
If a problem of any nature arises during your time in Switzerland, that problem would be dealt with under Swiss law, despite the nationality of the involved parties. Please be aware that Swiss law proceedings might vary considerably from what you are used to and expect in your home country. Place of jurisdiction is Thun (BE). By filling in a booking request and receiving a confirmation from KISC, the General Terms & Conditions, the Rules and the Guest Declaration are accepted as binding under Swiss law.
Guest Declaration
As part of the General Terms and Conditions, the Guest Declaration is binding for all booking requests and bookings made with Kandersteg International Scout Centre (KISC).
1. General points
I accept full responsibility for the actions of all members of my group.
I ensure that my group and I will follow all instructions given by the KISC staff
I confirm that all members of my group have the necessary adequate insurance.
I understand that I am responsible for ensuring that I follow all rules and regulations of the Scout / Guide Association of which I am a member as well as the national laws of our home country and those of Switzerland.
2. Activities and safety
I declare that both my group and I are physically and mentally capable of undertaking all activities that we intend to take part in during our stay at KISC. The parents / guardians of participants classified as minors have been informed of the planned programme and have agreed to the participation of the minor in the camp and the planned programme.
I agree that I will ensure that:
My group will fill in and present a Route Card to KISC staff before departing on a mountain activity of any nature
My group will inform KISC Staff when returning from a mountain activity of any nature so that the Route Card can be classified as cancelled/returned
My group and I will carry all equipment deemed necessary by the KISC Staff
I complete and sign the necessary procedures, forms and check-lists prior to taking part in any centre led activity
Annexes
Prepayment Policy
Time before arrival
KISC to have received as payment
Due
More than 12 months
Non-refundable deposit of 10% of total overnights booked. An additional 40% prepayment will be due 12 months before arrival (see below)
24 months before arrival, or 60 days after booking created (whichever is later)
12 months
50% of total overnights booked (if initial deposit has already been made, a further payment to bring up to this amount is required to retain the booking)
12 months before arrival, or 30 days after booking created (whichever is later)
1 month – 14 days
50% of total overnights booked
7 days after booking created
13 or less days
Full payment of overnights
Immediately (in person, credit card over phone, PayPal, or bank transfer with receipt forwarded to KISC)
Cancellation Policy
Type
Detail
Charge
Partial Cancellation
Decrease in number of people
90 days or more prior to arrival
No charge for groups of 100 persons or less.
Groups of more than 100 persons:
A: None if the decrease is less than 10% of group size
B: CHF 25 or 50% of total overnights cancelled (excl. tourist tax), whichever is less, if decrease is more than 10% of original group size
CHF 25 per person or total overnights (excl. tourist tax), whichever is less
Decrease in number of overnights
90 days or more prior to arrival
No charge
89 days or less prior to arrival
CHF 25 per person or total overnights (excl tourist tax), whichever is less
Full Cancellation
Without prepayment
Any time
No charge
With prepayment
More than 12 months prior to arrival
10% of total overnights
12 to 6 months prior to arrival
30% of total overnights
6 months to 90 days prior to arrival*
40% of total overnights*
89 days or less prior to arrival*
50% of total overnights*
* We have introduced special terms and conditions for all bookings arriving up until the 30th of September 2020, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic:
Extending the amount of time you have to cancel, and still only be charged 40% of your total overnights, from 90 days to just 14 days before your arrival.
Allowing you to change the date of your stay to an alternative available date in 2021.
KISC Rules and Policies
All visitors on KISC premises are required to follow the rules and policies stated below. Guests that do not respect KISC’s rules and/or the Swiss law can be sent away. Violations of Swiss law will be reported to the local police authorities.
1. House rules
Quiet Time is from 22:30h to 07:30h.
Smoking is forbidden outside separately marked areas.
All fire regulations must be followed. Fires must be raised off the ground and digging trenches is not allowed.
Fireworks are forbidden on KISC property.
It is forbidden to access the following areas: Railway tracks, Nature Reserve, the Kander River and mountain wall behind the campsite.
Use of sleeping bags in KISC buildings is not accepted.
Only exception is Tower, for which groups need to bring their own sleeping bags or linen in order to stay in the building. Sheets and pillow cases are provided by KISC, any other linen can be rented from KISC.
No pets can be brought into the accommodation unless agreed in advance.
Any form of commercial activities including selling of alcohol on KISC’s property is onlyallowed when explicitly approved in writing by KISC.
Theft of any nature, including flags and other scout trophies, is not allowed at KISC and is considered as a criminal offence by the Swiss law.
2. Alcohol and drug policy
KISC strictly follows the Swiss law that prohibits the sale or free distribution of:
Wine, beer and cider to under 16-year-olds
Spirits, aperitifs and alcopops to under 18-year-olds
The use or possession of any kind of illegal drugs is strictly prohibited under Swiss law and therefore not accepted on KISC premises at any time.
KISC is not an alcohol free centre. However, the majority of guests are children or adolescents. Therefore we expect our guests to be role models and reduce the consumption of alcohol to a minimum.
KISC has set the following framework regarding the consumption of alcohol on its premises:
Drunken behaviour is not tolerated on our premises at all times.
At special occasions and events, wine and beer is sold to people over 16. This can be restricted by the leader of the group.
If in doubt of the age of an adolescent guest, an official ID has to be requested (passport, identity card or driving license) to determine the exact age.
In the privacy of their own rooms or campsite, guests can consume alcohol as long as this does not cause any form of offense to other guests. Alcohol is not to be seen in public areas of the centre except for special events.
If people consume alcohol outside the premises of KISC, it is their own and sole responsibility.
3. Safe from harm policy
KISC is fully committed to ensure that young people, guests and staff are protected and kept safe from harm while at KISC or taking part in its activities. Such harm includes all forms of physical or mental violence, injury or abuse, neglect or negligent treatment, maltreatment or exploitation, including sexual abuse. KISC does not accept any kind of harassment or discrimination of other persons regarding their race, sex, religion or ethnicity. Under Swiss law, adulthood is reached at the age of 18 years. Sexual relationships of adults with children and adolescents younger than 16 years are prohibited. Observations of misconduct within KISC properties or during KISC activities are to be reported immediately to a senior manager of KISC.
4. Privacy and Data Protection
I declare that I have read and understood the terms of the Privacy Policy of Kandersteg International Scout Centre, and that I shall fulfil my responsibility to obtain and express informed and unambiguous consent from all members of my party, or their legal guardians when applicable, for the processing of their data and personal image.
About us
Plan & Stay
Support Us
Webcam from KISC
Programme
Jobs & Volunteering
News
Booking
FAQ
Media Kit
Newsletter
Contacts
Privacy Policy
General Terms & Conditions
Please note that our website is still undergoing improvements. We welcome your feedback.
Copyright ©2020 Kandersteg International Scout Centre
Our main partner is WOSM
Created by ActivIT
COVID-19: We are doing everything possible to keep the centre open to guests and safe for everyone.
See our COVID-19 FAQ for more information.
See FAQ
This website makes use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use this website.
Ok Privacy policy