https://www.austinpassport.com/terms-service/
Navigation
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE BEFORE USING AUSTIN PASSPORT EXPRESS or WWW.AUSTINPASSPORT.COM
AUSTIN PASSPORT EXPRESS SERVES AS AN AGENT ONLY ON BEHALF OF PASSPORT AND VISA APPLICANTS. BY USING THIS SITE, BY SENDING OR DELIVERING YOUR PASSPORT(S), APPLICATION(S), OTHER DOCUMENT(S) TO AUSTIN PASSPORT EXPRESS YOU ACKNOWLEDGE READING AND ACCEPTING THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS.
Austin Passport Express will make every effort to provide you with accurate information and to obtain the travel passport, visa or other documents required for your international trip.  Austin Passport Express does not warrant any information that it provides, and you use and rely on Austin Passport Express at your own risk.
Service
Austin Passport Express endeavors to provide the most current travel document requirements and related application forms, fees and processing times on our website and application kits, however these items are subject to change frequently and without notice.  The government agency issuing the visa or passport (“issuing authority”) will make the final determination as to the type of visa or passport, how quickly it will be issued and for what duration it will be issued.  Prior to approval, the issuing authority may ask for additional documentation.  The issuing authority may reject any passport, visa or other travel document application for any reason and may not provide a reason to Austin Passport Express for the rejection.
Austin Passport Express does not issue visas or passports and cannot make any guarantee or assurances that any issuing authority will issue any document nor can Austin Passport Express guarantee the time required for an issuing authority to grant or reject an application.  Issuing authorities may choose to grant a different type of travel document than that which the applicant has requested which may impact the purpose, validity or number of entries.  As a result, non-refundable tickets or reservations should not be purchased until all the required travel documents for your trip have been secured.  Austin Passport Express, in addition to the issuing authorities, reserves the right to prioritize processing according to the travel dates you provide.  Austin Passport Express service fees are assessed for taking reasonable actions to foster the issuance of a requested travel documents.
Processing time
Processing time for visas and passports quoted by Austin Passport Express are approximate and based on processing times provided by Consulates and the US Department of State under normal circumstances. Processing time should be calculated starting the next business day of the date when the documents are delivered to Austin Passport Express for “Same Day” and “Next Day” processing options. For other processing options processing time should be calculated starting the day after submission of the documents to the embassy or the US Department of State. Consulates and/or the US Department of State may request additional documents and may delay and/or deny processing at their discretion without further explanations. Austin Passport Express will not be held responsible for any delays, cancellations, financial and other losses due to denial or delay in processing. No service fees, embassy fees, courier fees, shipping charges or any portion thereof will be refunded due to delays or denial of service.
Fees and Payments
All fees paid to an issuing authority by Austin Passport Express on your behalf are non-refundable.  Orders cancelled prior to submission to the appropriate government agency will be assessed Austin Passport Express’s standard processing fees.
Requirements and fees related to the processing of passports and visas are subject to change without notice. Application forms and additional documents required for visa issuance are subject to change without notice. Consular and US Passport Agency officials may request additional documentation at their discretion. They may also decline issuance of travel documents, visa, or passport without disclosing the reason for denial. Processing time for visas and passports quoted by Austin Passport Express are approximations based on normal circumstances, and are deemed reliable in most cases but are NOT guaranteed. Austin Passport Express will not be held responsible for any delays, cancellations, financial and other losses due to denial or delay in processing. Austin Passport Express reserves the right to decline processing of documents for any reason, including but not limited to incomplete documentation, insufficient processing time, or unusual circumstances.
By engaging Austin Passport Express, you agree that the sole remedy against Austin Passport Express for damages in connection with any and all claims, cause of action, liabilities and damages for any kind shall not, in any circumstance for any reason, exceed the lesser of the service fees or direct costs of up to $500 for the specified traveler.  Consequential damages will not be covered.  Refund requests and documentation of direct costs must be submitted to Austin Passport Express within 90 days of occurrence.
Austin Passport Express will not be liable under any circumstance to compensate you for any loss, damage or delay of travel documents or other failure or fault in performance by any third party deliver company such as FedEx, UPS, DHL/Airborne, USPS, local delivery services and other delivery methods.  Likewise, by submitting an order to Austin Passport Express you agree that Austin Passport Express will not under any circumstances be responsible for the loss, damage, or delay in returning of passport and documents by the consulates or passport agency, nor be liable for the failure of the consulate/embassy or passport agency to issue requested documents on time or at all.  Austin Passport Express reserves the right to refuse in its total discretion to handle any application or carry any item at any time and no reason need be given.
Privacy
Direct your attention to our Privacy Statement, by which you also agree to be bound when using this site. Privacy Statement is a part of this agreement.