http://www.boatsafloatshow.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Northwest Yacht Brokers Association is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Northwest Yacht Brokers Association and governs data collection and usage. By using the Northwest Yacht Brokers Association’s Boats Afloat website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you visit this web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses.
EMAIL INFORMATION
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Northwest Yacht Brokers Association901 Fairview Ave N., Suite A-190Seattle, WA 98109206-748-0012 phone206-748-0161 faxinfo@nwyachtbrokers.com
Close Pop UpX
SAVE THE DATE! Plus Covid Update
The next Brokers Open House is coming March 19th -21st. Due to the coronavirus pandemic, we will continue to host safe Open House's until we can return to regular in-person boat shows. Our mission is to connect you with a brokers to help you find the boat of your dreams!
RSVP