http://www.openroadjourney.com/privacy
New? Free to Join!
Sign In
Biker Patches
Add a Route
Riding Advice & Articles
Motorcycle Events
Bikers
Motorcycle Rides & Roads
Privacy Policy
Mile Marker 3, LLC, (collectively “Mile Marker 3,” “We,” “Us” or the “Company”), an Ohio Corporation with its principal place of business located at PO Box 42106, Cincinnati, Ohio 45242, is committed to protecting the privacy of your information. This Privacy Statement describes Our Websites’ privacy practices.
1. Web Sites Covered
This Privacy Statement covers the information practices of Web sites that link to this Privacy Statement: http://www.openroadjourney.com and any associated subdomains (collectively referred to as “OpenRoadJourney’s Websites,” “Our Websites” or “the Company’s Websites”). OpenRoadJourney’s Websites may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the information practices or the content of such other websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of other websites to understand their information practices.
2. Information Collected
We offer a variety of applications and services that are collectively referred to as the “Services.”
We collect information from individuals who visit the Our Websites (“Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Services (“Customers”).
When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, We may require you to provide Us with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Required Contact Information”). When purchasing the Services, We require you to provide Us with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number for the entity that will be using the Services (“Billing Information”).
Required Contact Information, and Billing Information are referred to collectively as “Data About OpenRoadJourney Customers.”
As you Our Websites, We may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Web Site Navigational Information”). Web Site Navigational Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on Our Websites (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked).
3. Use of Information Collected
OpenRoadJourney uses Data About Our Customers to perform the services requested. For example, if you fill out a “Contact Us” Web form, We will use the information provided to contact you about your interest in the Services.
We may also use Data About Our Customers for marketing purposes. For example, We may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in the Services and to send you information regarding Us and Our partners, such as information about promotions or events.
We use credit card information solely to collect payment for the Services.
We use Web Site Navigational Information to operate and improve Our Websites. The Company may also use Web Site Navigational Information alone or in combination with Data About Our
Customers to provide personalized information about Us.
4. Web Site Navigational Information
We use commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons, to collect information as you navigate Our Websites (“Web Site Navigational Information”). This section describes the types of Web Site Navigational Information that may be collected on Our Websites and how this information may be used.
Cookies
We use cookies to make interactions with Our Websites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of Our Websites, Our servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you. They merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Us, either by responding to a promotional offer, subscribing for Services, or filling out a Web form (such as a “Contact Me” form), you remain anonymous to Us.
We use cookies that are session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer.
We may use information from session and persistent cookies in combination with Data About Our Customers to provide you with information about Us and the Services.
IP Addresses
When you visit Our Websites, We collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, We use IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Web sites.
We also collect IP addresses from Customers when they log into the Services as part of Our “Identity Confirmation” and “IP Range Restrictions” security features.
Third Party Cookies
From time-to-time, We may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit Our Websites.
We may also use other third-party cookies to track the performance of Our advertisements. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it.
We may also contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other Web Site Navigational Information on Our Websites and emails and on third-party websites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Web Site Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other websites. This process also helps Us manage and track the effectiveness of Our marketing efforts. To learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt-out instructions, click here.
5.
Public Forums
We may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on one or more of Our Websites. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
6. Sharing of Information Collected
We may share Data About Our Customers with the Company’s service providers so that these service providers can contact Customers and Visitors who have provided contact information on our behalf. We may also share Data About Our Customers with Our service providers to ensure the quality of information provided. Unless described in this privacy statement, We do not share, sell, rent, or trade any information provided with third parties for their promotional purposes.
From time to time, We may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from Us, We may share Data About Our Customers collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). We do not control our business partners’ use of the Data About Our Customers we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on Our behalf.
We reserve the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if We reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect Our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
7.
Communication Preferences
We offer Customers and Visitors who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may send a request specifying your communications preferences to customerservice@openroadjourney.com. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with Us or the Services.
8.
Security
We use robust security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of Customer Data. These technologies help ensure that Customer Data is safe, secure, and only available to the Customer to whom the information belongs and those to whom the Customer has granted access. We also implement an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and We host Our Websites in a secure server environment that uses firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. We also offer enhanced security features within the Services that permit Customers to configure security settings to the level they deem necessary. Customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their OpenRoadJourney usernames and passwords.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If OpenRoadJourney makes changes to any terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy, these changes will be posted on the Site in a timely manner. If OpenRoadJourney decides to change this Privacy Policy, it will post those changes on this Privacy Policy and other places OpenRoadJourney deems appropriate, which may include the Site, for a period of time OpenRoadJourney deems appropriate, so that you are aware of what information OpenRoadJourney collects, how OpenRoadJourney uses it, and under what circumstances, if any, OpenRoadJourney discloses it. OpenRoadJourney reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of OpenRoadJourney's business is acquired, OpenRoadJourney will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Contacting Us
OpenRoadJourney welcomes your questions and comments about security and privacy.
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement or the information practices of Our Websites should be directed to OpenRoadJourney Privacy by emailing customerservice@openroadjourney.com, Subject: PRIVACY POLICY QUESTION
Latest Motorcycle Roads & Rides
Fall Ride...
[MO]
David64062
Mainly two-lane blacktop the whole route
Paralells the Missouri ...
Los Mochis y San Miguel...
[Mexico]
dtaylor7770
This route is a fun ride to take if you are looking to experience...
Bakersfield to Ventura...
[CA]
dtaylor7770
This ride is an exciting ride that will take you through the coas...
Caliente Bodfish Road...
[CA]
dtaylor7770
This is a ride that challenges even the most advanced rider. Swit...
Flight 93 Memorial...
[OH]
indian44647
We took OH-30 most of the way over but wanted to save some time o...
find more great motorcycle roads...
Latest Biker Patches Earned
I Like It
by
rozyd
I Like It
by
bluejasper30
I Like It
by
AllRightJim
Me Me Me
by
AllRightJim
Check Me Out
by
AllRightJim
ORJ Rider Leaderboard
The best of the best. These folks have ridden and shared more roads than any other ORJ member this month.
No results available.
See all results..
Plan Motorcycle Tours in These Popular Locations
Texas
North Carolina
Virginia
Florida
California
Tennessee
Georgia
Pennsylvania
Ohio
Missouri
South Carolina
Illinois
Michigan
Arkansas
Washington
Alabama
Mississippi
Kentucky
Wisconsin
Arizona
Colorado
New York
Maryland
Louisiana
Massachusetts
Indiana
Oregon
West Virginia
Connecticut
Oklahoma
Canada
United Kingdom
Australia
Italy
Romania
About ORJ
FAQ's
Get Paid to Ride
Pro Memberships
What's Road Rep?
Leaderboards
Biker Patches
Sign Up for Free
Log In
Contact Us
Other Sites You Might Like:
Road Trips & Trip Planner:
RoadTripJourney.com
Bike Routes, Roads, and Maps:
RoadBikeJourney.com
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
© 2006 - 2020 Mile Marker 3, LLC