http://www.anokapf.org/legal/
Home
>
Legal
Website Terms and Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
The content that Anoka County Pheasants Forever provides on our website, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, and logos, is owned by either Anoka County Pheasants Forever or the party that has provided the content to us and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Anoka County Pheasants Forever is the sole and exclusive owner of its compilation of this content on our website, and this compilation is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Unpermitted copying of any of this content could lead to copyright infringement.
Disclaimer
Anoka County Pheasants Forever makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this website. Anoka County Pheasants Forever makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Anoka County Pheasants Forever assumes no liability or responsibility for any typographical or other errors or omissions in the content on this site. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price or with other incorrect information due to a typographical or other error, Anoka County Pheasants Forever shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed incorrectly. Anoka County Pheasants Forever shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Anoka County Pheasants Forever shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. If a product offered by Anoka County Pheasants Forever is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it to Anoka County Pheasants Forever for a refund.
Linked Sites
Linked sites are not under the control of Anoka County Pheasants Forever and Anoka County Pheasants Forever is not responsible for the contents of any linked sites. Anoka County Pheasants Forever does not endorse the contents of any of the links that are contained on this site.
Promotions
All promotions are subject to availability and inventory. Anoka County Pheasants Forever reserves the right to change, alter, or cancel promotions at any time without notice.
Revisions
Anoka County Pheasants Forever may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Privacy
Anoka County Pheasants Forever respects our customers right to privacy online. We hold your detailed customer information in confidence.
Credit Card Security
We currently use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. We believe SSL to be a very safe encryption method.
Email Security
For your protection, never put your credit card number or other sensitive information in unencrypted e-mail. When we send a confirmation email for your order, we will not include your credit card that you input when you ordered. In the extremely unlikely event that we ever do suspect a customer's credit card number has been intercepted, we will immediately notify the customer.
Email Sharing
We will not share your email with 3rd parties. We only use your email for responses to website inquires.
Cookies
Anoka County Pheasants Forever currently uses cookies on our site. Our cookies tag each visitor's browser with a random, unique number. The cookie simply assigns a number and does not disclose any personal information about the person using the browser. We use cookies, so that when you come back to shop, your customer information will be remembered (minus your credit card information).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, or your dealings with Anoka County Pheasants Forever, please contact us.