https://www.motoroads.com/privacy-notice.aspx
Privacy statement concerning your rights under GDPR.
How your personal data will be processed and protected?
MOTORCYCLE
SCOOTER
ATV-QUAD
BICYCLE
TRANSFERS
CAR RENTAL
SNOWMOBILE
TOURS
RUDEESBG
Booking was super easy. The scooters were at the airport at the agreed time, where we received a great briefing. We were able to return the scooters to the airport as agreed. This was very straightforward. It wasn't the first time we booked with you. And definitely not the last time. Renting a vehicle is fun. The scooters were in perfect condition. We would rent there again and again.
Daniel Morleo 2020-03-10
Read reviews
Sign in | Register
PRIVACY NOTICE
Data privacy is of high importance for MOTOROADS and we want to be open and transparent with our processing of your personal data.
We therefore have a policy setting out how your personal data will be processed and protected.
Who is the controller of your personal data?
MOTOROADS is the Controller of the personal data you submit to us and responsible for your personal data under applicable data protection law.
Where do we store your data?
The data that we collect from you is stored within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) but may also be transferred to and processed in a country outside of the EEA. Any such transfer of your personal data will be carried out in compliance with applicable laws. For transfers outside the EEA, MOTOROADS will request from the subject (prior to finalizing a booking) an explicit consent for transfer of personal data to countries without adequacy decision from the European Commission.
What personal data do we collect?
To make you an offer or in order for you to make a booking we require certain personal information so we can fulfill your request. This may includes your name, age, date and place of birth and contact details (email, address and phone number). In addition, we collect information from your computer when you use one of our platforms, even if you don’t make a booking. This may include your IP address, which browser you use, and your language settings.
Why do we collect and use your personal data?
- Bookings: First and foremost, we use your personal data to make and administer your booking, and to forward the necessary details to the company that provides your rental vehicle (or other product or service). This includes sending you communications in relation to your booking, such as confirmations, modifications and reminders.
- Customer service: We need your details so we can help you make a booking, for example, or to reply to any queries you may have before, during or after your booking.
- Customer reviews: We may use your contact details to send you a short questionnaire about your booking. This helps us understand and improve our service.
- Communicating with you: There may be other times when we contact you by phone, email or SMS. There could be a number of reasons for this, including:
- Responding to, and handling any requests you have made.
- Emailing you a reminder about a booking you didn’t finalize, to see if you need any help to do so.
- Sending you a questionnaire or inviting you to review your experience.
- Sending you other material related to your booking, such as how to contact us (or another company) if you need help during your booking.
- Improving our services: We analyze personal data to help us improve the functionality and quality of our online services, and enhance the whole user experience.
- Legal purposes: In certain cases, we may need to use your personal data to handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations, for compliance reasons, or to make sure we apply our terms and conditions accurately.
Who access your data?
MOTOROADS company will act as the personal data controller and processes the personal data.
We never pass on, sell or swap your data for marketing purposes to third parties outside the MOTOROADS group. Data is forwarded to another company (Joint Controller) only for the purpose of providing you with the service you have ordered through us.
What is the legal ground for processing?
To process your personal data like this, we rely on the following legal grounds:
- Performance of a contract: We need to use your personal data to fulfill any contract you’ve made with us. For example, when you book a vehicle, we need to transfer your booking details to the rental company.
- Legitimate interests: We may use your information for our ‘legitimate interests’ (anything we believe is an essential part of carrying out our business effectively – at the same time as respecting your rights and upholding the law). For example, to provide you with the most suitable content on our platforms, including our emails and newsletters; to improve and promote our products and services; and for administrative and legal purposes.
What are your rights?
RIGHT TO ACCESS:
You have the right to request information about the personal data we hold on you at any time. You can contact MOTOROADS that will provide you with your personal data via e-mail.
RIGHT TO PORTABILITY:
Whenever MOTOROADS process your personal data by automated means based on your consent or based on an agreement you have the right to get a copy of your data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format transferred to you or to another party. This only includes the personal data you have submitted to us.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION:
You have the right to request rectification of your personal data if it is incorrect, including the right to have incomplete personal data completed.
RIGHT TO ERASURE:
You have the right to erase any personal data processed by MOTOROADS at any time except for the following situations.
* you have an ongoing matter with MOTOROADS customer Service
* you have an open order which has not yet been delivered or partially delivered
* you have an unsettled debt with MOTOROADS, regardless of the payment method
* if you are suspected or have misused our services within the last five years
* your debt has been sold to a third party within the last five years or one year for deceased customers
* if you have made any purchase, we will keep your personal data in connection to your transaction for bookkeeping rules
Your right to object to processing based on legitimate interest:
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data that is based on MOTOROADS legitimate interest. MOTOROADS will not continue to process the personal data unless we can demonstrate a legitimate ground for the process which overrides your interest and rights or due to legal claims.
Your right to object to direct marketing:
You have the right to object to direct marketing, including profiling analysis made for direct marketing purposes.
You can opt out from direct marketing by the following means:
* following the instruction in each marketing mails
Right to restriction:
You have the right to request that MOTOROADS restricts the process of your personal data under the following circumstances:
* if you object to a processing based MOTOROADS legitimate interest, MOTOROADS shall restrict all processing of such data pending the verification of the legitimate interest.
* if you have claim that your personal data is incorrect, MOTOROADS must restrict all processing of such data pending the verification of the accuracy of the personal data.
* if the processing is unlawful you can oppose the erasure of personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of your personal data instead
* if MOTOROADS no longer needs the personal data but it is required for your to make of defending legal claims.
How can you exercise your rights?
We take data protection very seriously. if you would like to make a request in relation to your rights stated above, please use this form. You can also contact us for further assistance at:
Right to complain with a supervisory Authority:
If you consider MOTOROADS to process your personal data in a incorrect way you can contact us. You also have the right to turn in a complaint to a supervisory authority.
Updates to our Privacy Notice:
We may need to update our Privacy Notice. The latest version of the Privacy Notice is always available on our website. We will communicate any material changes to the Privacy Notice, for example the purpose of why we use your personal data, the identity of the Controller or your rights.
Who is responsible for the processing of personal data on our platforms?
MOTOROADS EOOD with registration address: Bulgaria, Dimitrovgrad 6400, P.Evtimii 15-B-13 and company registration number: 108 689 623 is responsible for processing of personal data on its platforms. If you have any questions, concerns or comments about our practices, or this Privacy Notice, please email
stating “Privacy” in the subject line, and we’ll get right back to you.
ONLINE PURCHASE
Why do we use your personal data?
We will use your personal data to manage your purchase online by processing your orders and returns via our online services and send you notifications of delivery status. We will use your personal data to manage your payments. We will also use your data in order to handle complaints and warranty matters for services. Your personal data is being used to identify you and to validate your legal age for online booking and to confirm your address with external partners. Your personal data will be used to verify you are eligible to drive the hired rental vehicle according to the law.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will process following categories of personal data:
* order information
* contact information such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone number
* payment information and payment history
* credit information
* order history
Who has access to your personal data?
Your personal data that is forwarded to another company (Joint controller), is only used to provide you with the services requested, for example vehicle rental companies, companies to validate your address, communication agencies to send you order confirmation, and other suppliers in connection with the implementation of your order. Payment service providers for your payment. Credit reference agencies for identity and credit checks and debt collection agencies. When the service requested is a subject of implementation by a non-EU company we will ask for your explicit consent (prior to the completion of your booking) your personal data to be transferred to a non-EU controller.
Please be aware that many of these recipient companies have an independent right or obligation to process your personal data.
What is the legal ground to process your personal data?
The processing of your personal data is necessary for MOTOROADS to administer and finalize your service order.
How long do we save your data?
We will keep your private data in compliance with laws, court rulings and decisions from authorities as follows:
- for inquiries that has not materialized into a booking for 30 days;
- for completed bookings for five years from your return date of travel;
Automated decision making:
When you apply for credit as a method of payment we will perform an automated decision-making regarding your credit application. You have the right to to express your point of view and to contest the decision with a member of staff.
DIRECT MARKETING
Why do we use your personal data?
We will use your personal data to send you marketing offers, information surveys and invitations through e-mails.
In order to optimize your experience of MOTOROADS we will provide you with relevant information, recommend services, send you reminders of promotions and personalized offers. All these great services are based on your previous purchases, what you have clicked on and information you have submitted to us.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will process following categories of personal data
* contact information such as e-mail address, telephone number and IP address
* what services and offers you have clicked on
Who has access to your personal data?
Data that is forwarded to third parties is only used to provide you with the service mentioned above, to media agencies and technical suppliers for distribution of physical and digital direct marketing.
We never pass on, sell or swap your data for marketing purposes to third parties outside the MOTOROADS.
What is the legal ground to process your personal data?
The processing of your personal data is based on your consent when you agree to direct marketing.
Your right to withdraw your consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal data at any time and object to direct marketing.
When you do so MOTOROADS won't be able to send you any further direct marketing offers or information based on your consent.
You can opt out from direct marketing by the following means:
* following the instruction in each marketing post
How long do we save your data?
We will keep your data for direct marketing until you withdraw your consent.
For e-mail marketing we will consider you an inactive customer if you haven't opened an e-mail for within the last two years.
After this time period your personal data will be deleted.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Why do we use your personal data?
We will use your personal data to manage your queries, to handle complaints and warranty matters for products and technical support matters through e-mail, our chat function, telephone and through social media.
We may also contact you if there is a problem with your order.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will process any data you provide to us, including the following categories
* order number
* contact information such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone number
* payment information and payment history
* credit information
* order information
* all correspondence in the matter
Who has access to your personal data?
Data that is forwarded to third parties is only used to provide you with the services mentioned above.
How long do we keep your data?
We will keep your private data as follows:
- for inquiries that has not materialized into a booking for 30 days;
- for completed bookings for five years from your return date of travel;
- for complaints your personal data will be saved for 5 years.
Your right to object to processing based on legitimate interest:
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data that is based on MOTOROADS legitimate interest. MOTOROADS will not continue to process the personal data unless we can demonstrate a legitimate ground for the process which overrides your interest and rights or due to legal claims.
DEVELOPMENT AND IMPROVEMENT
Why do we use your personal data?
We will use data to evaluate, develop and improve our services, products and systems. For this purpose we will not analyze your data on an individual level, all processing will be done on pseudonymized data.
This includes analysis to make our services more user-friendly, such as modifying the user interface to simplify the flow of information or to highlight features that are commonly used by our customers in our digital channels and to improve IT systems in order to increase the security for our visitors and customers in general.
The analysis is also used to develop and constantly improve the logistics flow of services by forecasting purchases, stocks and deliveries as well as our resource capacity from a sustainability point of view by streamlining purchasing and scheduling of deliveries.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will process following categories of personal data if you have chosen to provide it to us:
* gender
* country
We will process the following categories of personal data if you have made a purchase:
* order history
* delivery information
* payment history
We will also process the following categories of personal data connected to cookies:
* click history
* navigation and browsing history
Who has access to your personal data?
Data that is forwarded to third parties, is only used to provide you with the services mentioned above. We use web-analysis companies to analyze our customer online behavior on a general level.
What is the legal ground to process your personal data?
The processing of your personal data, to develop and improve our services and products, is based on our legitimate interest.
How long do we save your data?
We will keep your private data as follows:
- for inquiries that has not materialized into a booking for 30 days;
- for completed bookings for five years from your return date of travel;
Your right to object to processing of your data:
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data that is based on MOTOROADS legitimate interest by contacting with us at:
FULFILLMENT OF LEGAL OBLIGATIONS
Why do we use your personal data?
We will use your personal data to comply with obligations in laws, court rulings and decisions from authorities. This includes to use your personal data to collect and verify accounting data to comply with bookkeeping rules. We
will use your personal data for loss prevention management by securing that terms and conditions are being followed and to detect and prevent misuse of our services. Your personal data will be used for the purpose of insurance events and to prevent and investigate abuse of our services online, losses and fraud, by analyzing online shopping behavior.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will process following categories of personal data:
* order number
* name
* postal address
* transaction amount
* transaction date
* credit information
Who has access to your personal data?
Your personal data that is forwarded to third parties, is only used for purposes mentioned above. We will share your data with companies for exception based reporting. Incidents and fraud may be shared with insurance companies, legal authorities or local and global law enforcement to complete investigations. Please be aware that such recipients will have an independent right or obligation to process your personal data.
What is the legal ground to process your personal data?
The processing of your personal data is necessary for MOTOROADS to fulfill its legal obligation and to prevent misuse of our services based on our legitimate interest
How long do we save your data?
We will keep your data for the time we need to prevent and/or report potential fraud and other offenses and in compliance with the bookkeeping rules.
Your right to object to processing of your data:
You have the right to object to processing of your personal data that is based on MOTOROADS legitimate interest by contacting with us at:
COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. If you use our services, we will assume that you agree to the use of such cookie.
How do we use cookies?
We use permanent cookies to store your choice of start page and to store your details.
We will use cookies to save your favorite products.
We use session cookies for example when you use the product filtration function, to check whether you are logged in or you make an attempt for a booking.
We use both first- and third-party cookies to collect statistics and user data in aggregate and individual form in analysis tools to optimize our site and to present you with relevant marketing material.
Some third-party cookies are set by services that appear on our pages and are not in our control. They are set by social media providers such as Twitter, Facebook and Google and relate to the ability of users to share content on this site, as indicated by their respective icon.
We also use third-party cookies which performs cross-site tracking in order for us to give you marketing in other sites/channels.
What types of personal data do we process?
We do not connect your cookie ID to your personal data submitted and gathered.
Who has access to your personal data?
Data that is forwarded to third parties, is only used to provide you with the services mentioned above, analysis tool in order to collect statistics to optimize our site and present you with relevant material.
What is the legal ground to process your personal data?
We do not collect personal data while we use cookies
How long do we save your data?
MOTOROADS does not save your personal data. You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. For instructions on how to handle and delete cookies please look under "Help" in your browser. You can choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.
SITE SEARCH
MOTORCYCLE RENT
Motorbike rental Milan
Motorcycle rent Barcelona
Motorcycle Malaga airport
Motorcycle hire Lisbon
Motorbike rental Nice
Motorcycle rent Munich
Motorcycle hire Sardinia
Motorbike rental Istanbul
Motorcycle rent Dubrovnik
Rent a motorcycle Geneva
SCOOTER HIRE
Scooter hire Barcelona
Scooter rent Mallorca
Scooter rental Lisbon
Scooter hire Sardinia
Scooter rental Milan
Scooter hire Athens
Scooter rental Nice
Scooter hire Paris
Vespa rent in Sofia
Rent a scooter Crete
BICYCLE RENT
Bicycle in Sunny beach
Bicycle rental Sofia
Bicycle hire Burgas
Bicycle rental Varna
Bicycle hire Plovdiv
Bicycle rental Nice
Bicycle hire Monaco
Bicycle rent Sardinia
Bicycle hire Barcelona
Bike rent Thessaloniki
CAR RENTAL
Sofia airport car rental
Sofia rent a car
Burgas airport car hire
Burgas car hire
Varna airport car rent
Varna car rental
Plovdiv airport car hire
Plovdiv car rent
Veliko Tarnovo car rent
Ruse cheap car rental
Privacy policy
INFO
PHOTOS
ECARDS
TOWNS
BULGARIA
FAQ
MOTORBIKE RENT
CAR RENTAL
TRANSFERS
GENERAL
Terms
MOTOS
CARS
TAXI
ADVERTISE
LINKS
REVIEWS
CONTACT
ABOUT US
WHEATHER
Motoroads.com © Copyright 1998 –
2020. Licensed Tour Operator: 05211
Close
This website uses cookies. If you agree, hit the "Close" button or continue browsing. Visit Privacy policy for more information.