http://www.mypins.com/files/privacy.shtml
pin store
add your site
email us
olympic pin links
|
hard rock cafe pin links
|
disney pin links
|
topical pin links
|
design a pin
|
pin accessories
select a pin collecting resource:
Click here
Auction sites
Chat rooms
Clubs & shows
How to trade pins
Mailing lists
Message boards
Newsgroups
Pin guides
Webrings
Help us complete our Atlanta Olympic pin collection!
Place a Banner Ad
add your site
email us
banner ads
about us
pins we need
store policies
site map
privacy policy
terms of use
information central
Privacy Policy
At myPins.com we recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive when you use our services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard this information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Your Personal Contact Information
myPins.com may ask for personal information, such as your name, email address, phone number and/or mailing address, when completing forms for adding your site, emailing our experts or placing an order from our Pin Store. Your personal information will be kept strictly confidential and will never be shared with other individuals unless we obtain your written permission allowing us to do so. Furthermore, myPins.com does not rent or sell personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies.
Children
myPins.com encourages children of all ages to participate in pin collecting.
However, we also recognize that children require special privacy needs, especially when they are visiting Internet websites.
Therefore, we strongly recommend that children obtain their parent's permission when submitting personal information for our "add your site" and "email" forms, or when ordering merchandise from our Pin Store.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that myPins.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the myPins.com website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please email us directly.
[back to top]
olympic hard rock cafe disney pins home  |
olympic pins  |
hard rock cafe pins  |
disney pins  |
topical pins
information central  |
about us  |
site map  |
store policies  |
privacy policy  |
terms of use
myPins.com encourages the safe and enjoyable trading of Olympic pins, Hard Rock Cafe pins, Disney pins, and topical pins.
Copyright (c) 1999-2010 myPins.com. All rights reserved. The contents of this site may not be reproduced without permission.