https://www.titan-airways.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Titan Airways Limited Privacy Policy, Last Updated May 2018
Titan Airways Limited (herein known as Titan Airways) are committed to safeguarding data privacy.  This policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Identifiable data in line with delivering a contractual service (this includes employees, contractors, customer and suppliers; this list is not exhaustive).Data may be collected electronically or by hard copy.  Any such data that is collected will be subject to a privacy notice which will outline the intended use.When visiting this or any of the Titan Airways websites/services, the following information may be collecte; the source IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views;Any other information that you choose to send to us.
2. Cookies (Titan Airways owned Websites)
Titan Airways use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
Titan Airways may send a cookie which may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of this website, to improve the website’s usability and for marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognise your computer when you visit our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.  Should you choose not to accept this it may result in a negative experience upon the usability of this website.
Titan Airways use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
3. Using your personal data
Personal data submitted to Titan Airways, via any method and in any format, will be used for the purposes specified at the time the data is collected in a privacy statement.
We may use your personal information only for the purposes given and detailed within the applicable privacy statement referenced above.
Examples of how we might use your data are:
To administer the company website and improve your browsing experience.To enable your use of the services available on the website.To ensure we can adequately deal with enquiries and complaints.To send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you as necessary.To send you email notifications about services and availability (for example) which you have specifically requested and we think may be of interest to you.  Such contact maybe be electronic or by post.  You can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications by emailing us at Customer.Services@titan-airways.co.uk.Titan Airways may provide third parties with statistical information – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
Titan Airways do not disclose information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
4. Disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law; for example, passenger lists and APIS (Advanced Passenger Information System) and tax authorities.In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk); andTo the purchaser of any business or asset which we are selling where the data is necessary to complete the contract.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in accordance with this privacy policy. Titan Airways will not share any personal data outside of the EEA without explicit consent or unless legally obliged to do so.
6. Security of your personal data
Titan Airways will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of any personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers. All electronic transactions you make to or receive from us will be encrypted where possible or sent in the most secure means.
7. Policy amendments
Titan Airways will update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
8. Your rights
Titan Airways recognise and respect the rights of individual data subjects.  Titan Airways will ensure that all data subjects have the following rights.  Should you need to contact us regarding any of these rights then please do so either internally via the responsible department manager or externally by contacting customer.cervices@titan-airways.co.uk.
Right to be informed – Privacy statements clearly set out our approach to how and why we process data.  These will be prominent each time data is requested.Right of access – All requests to access personal and/or special category data must be made in writing. These will be responded to within one calendar month.Right to rectification – All requests in the first instance should be directed to the relevant department, i.e. Operations for Crewing records, Personnel for HR related records.  External data rectification should be directed to customer.services@titan-airways.co.uk.Right to erasure – All requests to delete personal and/or special category data must be made in writing. These will be responded to within one calendar month and actioned only if there is not a basis to use/retain.Right to restrict processing – All requests in the first instance should be directed to the relevant department. Right to data portability – All requests for data portability must be made in writing. These will be responded to within one calendar month. Right to object – Titan Airways will communicate with data subjects (internally and externally) to ensure it is clear how to exercise their right to object. All requests in the first instance should be directed to the relevant department or Customer Services.Rights in relation to automated processing and profiling – Titan Airways do not carry out any automated processing or profiling of personal data.  Any and all information handled is subject to human consideration.
9. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. Titan Airways are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.  However, Titan Airways do ensure (by contract terms) that those organisations we do business with have privacy policies and statements adhering to their governing regulations.
10. Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected, updated or deleted.
11. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact your manager or externally by email to customer.services@titan-airways.co.uk.
Titan Airways 2020. All rights reserved
We use cookies to give you the best experience and to learn about your use of our site for advertising and analytics purposes. Please continue if you are happy with this or view our Cookie policy to find out more. Change your cookie settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Functional cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is temporarily stored in your browser and helps our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
More information about our Cookie Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings and you can move around the website and use its features.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Functional cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. It also uses Hotjar to collect anonymous information about how you navigate and interact with the site.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes