https://www.irishjagclub.ie/legal/
Company Information
Legal Information
Privacy Statement
1.  Company Information
www.IrishJagClub.ie is the website of the Irish Jaguar and Daimler Club CLG, also referred to as the ‘IJDC’ or ‘the Club’.
Registered Office : 3 Elm Drive, Griffeen Valley, Lucan, Co. Dublin.
Postal Address : IJDC c/o 3 Elm Drive, Griffeen Valley, Lucan, Co. Dublin, Ireland.
Company Registered in Ireland : 214808
Our Club is a not-for-profit company which has members rather than shareholders and has no employees.
For more information about the Club and our Committee Members / Directors, please visit our ‘About Us’ section.
2. Legal Information
Copyright – Unless stated otherwise all content on this site is owned by the IJDC and should not be reproduced without permission. ‘Irish Jaguar and Daimler Club’, ‘The Irish Classic and Vintage Motor Show’ and ‘Terenure Car Show’ are registered Trading Names of the IJDC. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in the site are the property of their respective owners.
Limitation of Liability – While www.IrishJagClub.ie is updated regularly and we do our best to verify all information published the IJDC cannot be responsible for any loss or damage due to information or content displayed on the site. Visitors are asked to note that www.IrishJagClub.ie  includes content provided by third party sites such as YouTube.com (videos) and Twitter.com (News) and the IJDC is not responsible for this content. Links to external sites and mentions of third party products and services are for information purposes only and do not imply any warranty or endorsement.
3.  Privacy Statement
The IJDC respects your right to privacy and strives to comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1988 and Data Protection (Amendment) Act 2003, and the EU2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Privacy and Electronic Communications, EC Directive, Amendment Regulations 2011. By submitting your information and using our website or services, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your information by us in the manner set out in this privacy policy.
We may  ask you to submit email, phone, address and car details for membership applications and on event entry forms. These contact details are held for a three year period and, your consent, are used to distribute entry forms, event information and, for Club members, general club information and our quarterly magazine. We will not send you third party marketing communications unless you have clearly consented to receiving these and you will always be able to easily unsubscribe from them. Note that, where our events are held in a public venue we may use photographs of people in attendance and/or their cars to enhance our website and promote these events.
The IJDC takes its data security responsibilities seriously and will take all reasonable precautions to prevent loss or misuse of personal information provided by our members and event entrants. Should we become aware that  information under our control has been compromised we shall inform the relevant authorities within 72 hours where required. However, internet transmissions, by their very nature, cannot be completely secure and the IJDC has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for loss or damage which may be occasioned by a third party interception of your information nor does the IJDC offer any guarantees or indemnities as to the security of any information volunteered.
For the purposes of the EU2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the company that is ultimately responsible for the control of your information while using our services is the Irish Jaguar and Daimler Club CLG, 3 Elm Drive, Griffeen Valley, Lucan, Co. Dublin, Ireland.
Should you have any questions about the data we retain about you or to have your details updated or removed from our databases please use our online form to Contact Us.
Non-Personal Data – We use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website. This is information about your visits and how you navigate through our website. Including, (but not limited to), your page views, the length of your visit, browser type, operating system, IP address and location. Although classified as personal data, we will not use your IP address to identify you personally.  This data may be stored on the servers hosting www.IrishJagClub.ie and in those hosting Google Analytics. Some such data may also be held in the form of Cookies on your PC. You can also disable or delete Cookies through your web browser or use a Private / Incognito / Anonymous browser setting and still use the site if you wish. See below for more information.
Personal Data – When contacting the IJDC, applying to join the Club or entering a Club event we may  request that you provide your full name, address, contact details and vehicle information. We may hold contact information you provide to us (e.g. name, address, phone number, email, country of residence, car model and club) when you use the Future Ticketing Ltd API to purchase tickets on our website. This data is held within the EU in a secure manner within supplier data centers.  This information will not be disclosed elsewhere other than when essential to completing a transaction, answering your request for information, providing  you with relevant event information or where we are legally obliged to do so. For more information please see the Future Ticketing Privacy Policy.  The IJDC / www.IrishJagClub.ie do not store credit card numbers at any point.
Should you have any questions about thepersonal data we retain about you or to have your details removed from our databases please use our online form to Contact Us.
Security – Your personal data is held on servers controlled by SpiralHosting.com and FutureTicketing.ie both of whom comply with Irish and EU Data Protection legislation. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You are also asked to ensure that the Anti-Virus and Firewall software on your own PC and network is up to date before viewing www.IrishJagClub.ie
Cookies – A cookie is a small piece of data that may be stored on your computer or mobile device. It allows a website “remember” your actions or preferences over a certain length of time. For example, this will allow our ticketing system remember what tickets you’ve saved in your basket. Some services may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to our web site. Other similar technologies such as pixels may also be used on our website.
Within your browser you can choose whether you wish to accept cookies or not. Different browsers make different controls available to you and so we provide links below to popular manufacturers’ instructions on how you can do this. Generally, your browser will offer you the choice to accept, refuse or delete cookies at all times, or those from providers that website owners use (“third party cookies”), or those from specific websites.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Safari Mobile
Opera
Social Media
The IJDC operates ‘IrishJagClub’ presences on Facebook, Twitter and Google/You Tube. For more information on controlling your privacy on these platforms please read the Tailoring your Social Media Privacy and Advertising Preferences document on the DataProtection.ie website.
Terenure Show
Tickets Available SoonUpcoming EventsIJDC Christmas EventMalahide Vintage Show 2021all eventsTwitter
Irish Jaguar Club
@IrishJagClub
The latest
https://t.co/jUE8fQwIKV News From Twitter!
https://t.co/PnOIoHVRm8 Thanks to
@ClassicCarsSMG @365daysmotoring @classicfordmag #classiccars #matchingnumbersdrivetrain
View on Twitter
11
Irish Jaguar Club
@IrishJagClub
The latest
https://t.co/jUE8fQwIKV News From Twitter!
https://t.co/SIvSKXtyV6 Thanks to
@neilmbriscoe @Hagerty @streetsidecars #classiccars #cars
View on Twitter
00
Irish Jaguar Club
@IrishJagClub
For lots of photos of the Irish Classic & Vintage Motor Show over the years, take a look at our new Insta page:
https://t.co/zLIZWdKmrI
#TerenureCarShow #ClassicCars #CarPhotos
View on Twitter
02
Type and Press “enter” to Search