http://www.midwayusa.com/help/midwayusa-privacy-notice
Customer Service Help Center
Let Us Help You
Customer Satisfaction is our #1 goal and we hope that this help center assists us in serving you better.
Frequently asked Customer service topics are located on the left or use the quick links on the right for questions about how to update your account, how to view recent orders, updating payment info or how to start a return or exchange. We also have helpful tips around some of the website's features developed to help you with your shopping experience. You can also review our Customer friendly policies, assistance with placing orders or tips with technical issues when shopping.
If we weren't successful in answering your questions we hope that you will leave us some feedback so we can improve. Thank you again, for shopping at MidwayUSA.com.
Search Results
Showing {{searchResults.length}} results for "{{searchTerm}}"
MidwayUSA Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 6/23/2020MidwayUSA ("MidwayUSA" or “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice explains how MidwayUSA collects, uses and discloses information about you when you visit or conduct transactions through our websites, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us, such as via email or through live chat. By visiting MidwayUSA.com or otherwise using our Services, you are accepting the practices we describe in this Privacy Notice.We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time.  If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the notice and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Notice whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.WHAT INFORMATION DOES MIDWAYUSA COLLECT?Information You Give UsWe collect information you provide directly to us.  For example, we collect information when you create an account, participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form or survey, leave a product review, participate in a contest or promotion, make a purchase, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.  The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, credit card information and any other information you choose to provide.When we say “Personal Information” we mean any information that identifies an individual, such as (but not limited to) an individual’s name, email address, postal address, device-specific information, and log information (as described below). Any information that does not, on its own, identify an individual person is considered and treated as non-personal information. When non-personal information is combined with other information so that it does identify an individual, this information is treated as Personal Information. MidwayUSA does not and will not sell personal information.Information About Your Use of the ServicesUsage InformationWe collect information about your use of the Services, such as the search terms you enter, your purchase history and invoice data. Automatically Collected Information When you access or use our Services, we also automatically collect information about you, including:Log Information:  We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.Device Information:  We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:  We use different technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, serve ads and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.  For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.Information We Collect from Other SourcesWe may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to mailing list providers, our business partners you use to access or link to the Services, third-party websites through which you enter contests and promotions, and publicly available sources. [Additionally, if you create or log into your MidwayUSA account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with your site settings and the authorization procedures determined by such social media site].HOW DOES MIDWAYUSA USE THIS INFORMATION?We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, such as manage user accounts, send marketing communications, perform analytics and deliver targeted advertising. We may also use the information we collect, including your Personal Information, to:Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions and customer service requests;Communicate with you about products, services, offers, and events offered by MidwayUSA and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of MidwayUSA and others;Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions, process entries and deliver awards; andCarry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.WITH WHOM DOES MIDWAYUSA SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We only share your Personal Information as described belowWe work with third-party service providers who perform certain services on our behalf, such as vendors who provide customer service, deliver your orders, handle user reviews, provide us with analytics data concerning our Service, provide marketing assistance, remove repetitive information from customer lists, provide search results and links, process credit card payments. We may provide them with your Personal Information but only so that they can provide us with their services;We may disclose your Personal Information if requested or required by law enforcement, legal process, or government authorities, but we will do so in accordance with applicable law;We may provide your Personal Information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or as we reasonably deem necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of MidwayUSA or others, which may include sharing information with other companies for purposes of fraud protection or investigating or preventing illegal activities;As part of our business, we may sell or buy other companies or business units, enter into financing transactions, sell company assets, consolidate or merge with other companies. We may be sharing or disclosing your Personal Information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any of these types of business activities;We may disclose your Personal Information to our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; andWith your consent or at your direction.We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For example, we may share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.SOCIAL SHARING FEATURESThe Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), [which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa].  Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.HOW DOES MIDWAYUSA ADVERTISE AND PERFORM ANALYTICS?We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by MidwayUSA and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.  HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA?The time periods for which we retain your Personal Information will depend on the purposes for which we use it. We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to provide the Services or for other legitimate business purposes, unless applicable law requires we either dispose of it or keep it longer. We may also continue to store your Personal Information to allow us to resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, comply with legal obligations and/or for other legally permissible purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.WHAT ABOUT INFORMATION OF CHILDREN?MidwayUSA does not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If we discover we have received any Personal Information from a child under the age of 18, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we have any information from or about anyone under the age of 18, please contact us at customerservice@midwayusa.com.WHERE IS YOUR INFORMATION STORED AND PROCESSED?MidwayUSA is based in the United States and we process and store information in the U.S.HOW DO WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We use commercially reasonable measures to help protect your Personal Information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. While these measures help ensure your data is safe and secure, please be aware no service over the Internet or wireless networks is completely secure against hacks, intrusions, attacks, or other unauthorized access. We cannot guarantee none of these events will occur, so please take care in deciding what information you provide to us.WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION?Account InformationYou may update, correct or delete information about you at any time [by logging into your online account or emailing us at customerservice@midwayusa.com. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at customerservice@midwayusa.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.  We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.CookiesMost web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services or to complete transactions on our website.Promotional CommunicationsYou may opt out of receiving promotional emails or promotional texts from MidwayUSA by following the instructions in those or contacting Customer Service at customerservice@midwayusa.com.  If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations, such as fulfilling pending orders, policy updates or responding to customer service related requests.Your California Privacy RightsRequests to Access or Delete your Personal Information: Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, Customers in California may request the deletion of, or access to, their personal data. To protect your data from unauthorized access, MidwayUSA requires third party verification of your identity before deleting or granting access to your personal data. To request access or deletion, please scan or take a photo of your state issued driver's license or identification and upload this in the Licenses and Documents section of your account homepage, then submit your request through the Contact Us page using the email function, with the "Print or Delete Privacy Act Eligible Data" reason for your request, or by phoning our Customer Support team. In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act, information collected solely for the purposes of legal and regulatory compliance will not be disclosed. Exercising these rights will not crearte discriminatory behavior by MidwayUSA.  MidwayUSA does not sell your personal information.CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: customerservice@midwayusa.com or via mail at Customer Service, MidwayUSA, 5875 West Van Horn Tavern Road, Columbia, MO  65203.
Back to Search Results
{{selectedHelpPage.name}}
Not enough information
This information is confusing
Not the information I was expecting
I don't like the policy
Search Help
Select a Topic
{{topicHeading || "Select a Topic"}}
{{topic.Name}}
{{subtopic.Name}}
{{helpPage.Name}}
Quick Links
Update Account Info
View Recent Orders
Update Payment Info
Start A Return/Exchange
Contact Us
Chat Unavailable
This occurs when all Customer Service Representatives are busy serving other Customers, or Customer Service is closed. Customer Service is open Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. CT.
Call Us
Send Us an Email
Shop Category
Featured
Ammunition
Featured
Gun Parts
Featured
Reloading Supplies
Featured
Optics
Air Guns
Ammunition
Archery
Black Powder Supplies
Books & Videos
Camping & Survival
Clothing
Fishing
Footwear
Gun Parts
Guns
Gunsmithing Supplies
Holsters & Belts
Hunting Gear
Knives & Tools
Military Surplus
Optics
Reloading Supplies
Shooting Gear
Full Store Directory
Show All 19 Categories
More Ways To Shop
New Arrivals
Free Shipping
Sale & Clearance
Brands
Rebates
Guns
Fishing
Gift Guide
Other
Wish List
Help
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience. You can learn more about the cookies we use and why we use them by viewing our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies.