https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/89993358/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy of Airwise
Cookies and other Identifiers consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the Owner in providing the Service according to the purposes described. Some of the purposes for which Cookies are installed may also require the User's consent.
Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
This Website uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.
Third-party Trackers
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Website, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Measurement
This Website uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.
Analytics services managed directly by this Website
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to collect and manage analytics through the use of first-party Trackers.
Matomo (this Website)
Matomo is an analytics software used by this Website to analyze data directly without the help of third parties.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Targeting & Advertising
This Website uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Website, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Website. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google AdSense (Google Inc.)
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. This service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of this Website and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Users may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on: google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy – Opt Out.
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent
There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Owner and Data Controller
Ascent Pacific, PO Box 186, Neutral Bay, NSW 2089, Australia
Owner contact email: privacy@ascentpacific.com
Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within this Website cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by this Website.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small sets of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: May 24, 2018
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
Show the complete Privacy Policy