https://www.bluejohn-cavern.co.uk/privacy
Wish List (0)
|
Shopping Cart
|
Contact
Main Menu
About Us
Gallery
Online Shop
Admission
History
Map
Contact Us
Your shopping cart is empty!
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe. We know that there’s a lot of information here, but we want you to be fully informed about your rights, and how Blue John Cavern & The Original Blue John Craft Shop uses your data. We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please do get in touch with us. It is likely that we will need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time, but you are welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.   LEGAL BASISThe law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including: ConsentIn specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent. When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service. Contractual Obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations. For example, when you order an item from us for home delivery, we will collect your address/delivery details  Legal Compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting The Blue John Cavern & The Original Blue John Craft Shop to law enforcement. Legitimate Interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.    WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?• When you visit our website, and use your account to buy products and services on the phone, in a shop or online• When you make an online purchase • When you purchase a product or service by phone - any card details are put straight through the card machine, never written down. Only contact details will be noted  in order to fulfil the transaction• When you engage with us on social media• When you contact us by any means with queries, complaints etc.• When you ask one of our employees to email you information about a product or service• When you comment on or review our products and services• When you fill in any forms. For example, if an accident happens in store, an employee may collect your personal data   WHAT SORT OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
If you place an order with us through our website: your name, billing/delivery address and order, email and telephone number.
•  Details of your interactions with us through our contact form, online, via social media or   in store. For example we collect notes from our conversations with you, details of any complaints or comments you make, details of purchases you made and how and when you contact us.•  Your social media username, if you interact with us through those channels, to help us respond to your comments, questions or feedback   HOW AND WHY DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?We want to give you the best possible customer experience. The data privacy law allows this as part of our legitimate interest in understanding our customers and providing the highest levels of service. Of course, if you wish to change how we use your data, please contact us Remember, if you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you’ve asked for. Here’s how we’ll use your personal data and why:• To process any orders that you make by using our website. If we don’t collect your personal data during checkout, we won’t be able to process your order and comply with our legal obligations. For example, your details may need to be passed to a third party to supply or deliver the product that you have ordered and we may keep your details for a reasonable period afterwards in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds and so on • To respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints. Handling the information you sent enables us to respond. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us and to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and our legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience  • To process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. This also helps to protect our customers from fraud • To process payments and to prevent fraudulent transactions. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests. This also helps to protect our customers from fraud  • To comply with our contractual or legal obligations to share data with law enforcement   HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?We know how much data security matters to all our customers. With this in mind we will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it. We secure access to all transactional areas of our website using ‘SagePay’ Access to your personal data is password-protected, and sensitive data (such as payment card information) is secured by SSL or TSL encryption.  SAGEPAY is the chosen payment method used through our website, one of the biggest online payment providers- therefore we hold no payment details entered on the website, and cannot see your card details, for more information- please visit sagepay.co.uk/support/32/are-my-details-secure HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. An example of customer data retention periods:When you place an order, we will keep the personal data you give us five years so we can comply with our legal and contractual obligations.  WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?We never share your personal details, they are used solely for the immediate transaction    WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR PERSONAL DATA?You have the right to request:• Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases• The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete• For example, when you withdraw consent, or object and we have no legitimate overriding interest, or once the purpose for which we hold the data has come to an end• That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consentYou have the right to request a copy of any information about you that Blue John Cavern & The Original Blue John Craft Shop holds at any time and also to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact Blue John Cavern & The Original Blue John Craft Shop, Cross Street, Castleton Hope Valley, S33 8WH  info@bluejohn-cavern.com To ask for your information to be amended.If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal. Your Right To Withdraw ConsentWhenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent. Where We Rely On Our Legitimate InterestIn cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation. We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data. Direct MarketingWe never use these methods of marketingCookie NoticeThis notice is designed to help you understand what cookies are, how Blue John Cavern uses them and the choices you have in regards to their use.By continuing to use www.bluejohn-cavern.co.uk the “Site”, you are agreeing to our use of cookies in the manner described in this notice.What are cookies?Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or other device when you visit the Site. This allows the Site to recognise you as a user either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits ( a ‘persistent cookie’). They are not harmful and do not contain any information such as your home address, date of birth or credit card details.The cookies we use fall into four broad types:Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are essential in helping you to move around our Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as setting up an account cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.Analytical/Performance CookiesIn order to keep the Site, its services and products relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use our Site. For example, we can see which parts of the Site and products are most popular, identify when errors occur, and test different versions of a page or feature to see which one works best.Functionality Cookies These cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised which means we can't identify you personally. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling advertising or remembering where you've been on the internet, but do help us to serve you with advertising that is more relevant to you.If you would like more information on any of these types of Cookies, including how to opt-out, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com/What do we use Cookies for?They enable you to transact, whilst other non-essential cookies enable us to give you an enhanced, personalised web experience and determine relevant products to show you.To personalise and improve your customer experience.To recognise the device that you are using. To store the content of your online shopping bag whilst you browse the site and to complete an order.To record the areas of the Site that you have visited, products you have viewed and time spent browsing, as well as the products you purchased. We use this information to help make the website more user friendlyTo distribute visitors to our Site evenly across platforms to ensure the content is served at the fastest possible speedWe also offer you the facility to share your experience on our Site through social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter. By using these features, you are consenting to allow cookies from these providers. More information about how these providers use cookies can be found at their websites.Cookies are an essential part of how our Site works, as they remember certain information about a visitor. We use First Party cookies (these are placed there and used solely by Us)Are cookies safe?Yes. The information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous to any external third party, and your account security is never compromised. You can find more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and www.youronlinechoices.com/. For a video about cookies visit https://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/cookies/Can I turn off cookies?Yes – but if you choose not to allow the use of cookies, your experience of our Site will be limited and many integral aspects of the Site, including (but not limited to) adding items to your shopping bag and accessing your account, will not work at all.To change your cookie settings, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on your computer hard drive. For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the "Help" tab of your browser via the menu bar. For further information on non-essential cookies used for targeting and banner advertising please see below. ANY QUESTIONS?We hope this Privacy Notice has been helpful in setting out the way we handle your personal data and your rights to control it.