http://www.polaris-dive.com/privacy.html
HomeBeach ResortAccommodationsRestaurantSundowner BarAmenities and ActivitiesHow to get to Cabilao IslandScuba DivingPolaris Dive CenterCabilao Island Dive SitesTraining and Dive CoursesRatesRoom- and Transfer RatesScuba Diving RatesDiscover MoreAbout PolarisAbout Cabilao IslandAbout the PhilippinesContact Us
We recommend to read the policy used by these websites and check how these websites protect your personal data. This Policy may be updated at any time and will be announced on this page. Please refer to this page from time to time to review the newest version of this page.
Thank you very much for visiting us on the web. We know that you are concerned with how your personal information is treated. First of all the protection of your personal data is very important to us.
While on our website, you may encounter links to other web sites or online materials. Those other web sites may set their own cookies, collect data, and/or have their own privacy statements that differ from this privacy statement. This Privacy Statement only covers information collected at our website, and does not cover any information collected offline or outside of our website.
Transparency of data usage
Polaris Beach and Dive Resort does not collect personally identifying data from this website except when specifically and knowingly provided by you. In the latter case, subject to any applicable local laws, we may use your personal information only for services within polaris-dive.com. We do not transfer it to third parties. With the input of your personal data you permit the storage of the data and the usage of it for processes associated with polaris-dive.com.
Data transfer
Please be aware that data sent via the Internet can be accessed by unauthorised third parties, potentially leading to disclosures, changes in content or technical failures. This website is operated in Switzerland. If you are located in the European Union, United States or elsewhere outside of Switzerland, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to Switzerland. Furthermore data sent via the internet may be transmitted across international borders even though both sender and receiver are located in the same country. Therefore, your data may be forwarded to a country with a lower data protection level than exists in your country of residence. Polaris Beach and Dive Resort accepts no responsibility or liability for the security of your data whilst in transit via the Internet to us. In order to protect the privacy we would like to remind you that you may choose another means of communication with us.
Log Data
When you visit this website, our web servers automatically collect anonymous information that describes how the visitors use and navigate our website, and which includes the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, as well as the anonymous information automatically sent to us by your web browser, such as browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our website, and IP addresses. We also may determine what technology is available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page.
Right of access to personal data
Upon written request, Polaris Beach and Dive Resort will inform you by letter, what personal data is stored by us as defined by local law. If the data is incorrect, we will correct the information at your written request.
Cookies
We may send cookies to your computer. Cookies are strings of information that are sent out by a website and saved in your computer. We may use session specific cookies and "web bugs" to automatically collect data about website usage when you visit this Site, including your IP address, "click-stream" data regarding the portions of the site that you visit and the information or other services you obtain or input (including domain name, Internet service provider, protocol, browser type, operating system etc.) ("Usage Information"). This information is collected primarily for purposes of administering the Site, compiling demographic information and monitoring usage and performance of the Site. If you turn off the cookie function you may not receive all the information on the website.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.Further information can be found under http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/tos.html (Google Analytics Terms of Service & Privacy).Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by "ga('set', 'anonymizeIp', true);" to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
Location
Polaris Beach and Dive ResortPantudlan, Cabilao IslandLoon, BoholPhilippines, 6327
Contact us
Phone+63 918 903 7187+63 918 925 2473
EmailThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Opening Hours
Restaurant & ReceptionMonday to Sunday07:00 a.m. - 09:00 p.m.
Dive CenterMonday to Sunday08:00 a.m. - 05:00 p.m.