http://www.windtracker-balloons.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms And Conditions - Windtracker Balloons
Home
About Us
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms And Conditions
At Windtracker Balloons, accessible from http://www.windtracker-balloons.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Windtracker Balloons and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at assist@windtrackerballoons.com
Log Files
Windtracker Balloons follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Windtracker Balloons uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Windtracker Balloons.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Windtracker Balloons, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Windtracker Balloons has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
Windtracker Balloons’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Windtracker Balloons does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy  applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Windtracker Balloons. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Recent Posts
Things to Look at When You Hire a Foundation Repair Professional
How Important Is Speech Therapy to Stroke Patients?
8 Wonderful Advantages of Traveling
GREAT THINGS TO DO TO ENJOY YOUR SUMMER HOLIDAY
Search for:
Windtracker BalloonsThings to Look at When You Hire a Foundation Repair Professional July 31, 2019The foundation is an important base that you need to make sure is good. The house built in a weak foundation can make the whole thing a lot problematic than it is. If you want to make sure that you won’t be having any problems with your home, make sure that the foundation of the […] secure_adminHow Important Is Speech Therapy to Stroke Patients?  October 25, 2018Experiencing stroke is a very catastrophic event which may result in permanent or temporary paralysis on one half of your body. Other functions of your body which can be affected by a stroke are balance, memory, speech, cognition as well as vision. Unfortunately, muscle spasms and pain are the usual complications when having a stroke. […] secure_admin8 Wonderful Advantages of Traveling  October 21, 2018There are so many things one can benefit from exploring various places such as new stories, new friends as well as new experiences. As a matter of fact, when you begin to explore new spots, you get a better knowledge of the people who live there including their background, history and culture.   Research studies show […] secure_adminGREAT THINGS TO DO TO ENJOY YOUR SUMMER HOLIDAY  October 15, 2018Most of the kids are excited and can’t wait to start the summer vacation of their schools. This is the time that they can explore more things as they could go to a lot of places for traveling and they could spend more time with their family. Some might consider spending most of their time […] secure_admin Categories
Advantages of Traveling
Repair
SUMMER HOLIDAY
Uncategorized
Designed by
Elegant Themes