http://www.sovereignsailing.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and ConditionsThe following terms & conditions are specific to our practical sailing activities including but not exclusive to sailing courses, sailing trips and corporate sailing events.Please request our separate Terms and Conditions relating to Bareboat Charter.Fitness to take part and health declaration; By agreeing to these booking terms, you are agreeing to participate on a practical sailing course. This course is run on cruising yachts ranging in size from 34 to 45 feet. While a high level of physical fitness is not required you will need to be agile to move around the boat while under way. Yacht sailing may aggravate chronic back or knee pain, if you are in doubt of your ability to participate in this course/activity you should seek medical advice. If there are any medical or other reasons why you believe you may require some special consideration such as a disability or a medical condition you must inform Sovereign Sailing prior to booking. Payment for Courses; We require a 50% deposit from you in order to confirm your booking with us. The balance must be paid 4 weeks in advance of the start date of your course or holiday. If you book within 4 weeks of the start date, the whole amount is payable in order to confirm your booking.Booking Confirmation; Once we receive your deposit we will send you a Booking Confirmation with all the details of your booking, start and finish dates and times, and what is included in the price. We ask you to check this carefully and notify us immediately if anything is incorrect.  Changes to your Booking; You are not entitled to change the booking once you have accepted the Booking Confirmation. We will do our best to accommodate changes for you, if practical, such as moving your booking to an alternative date. We can usually accomplish this given sufficient notice but it is not always possible for us to change bookings at short notice. We will always do our best to provide you with the booking as agreed in the Booking Confirmation. However, in circumstances of bad weather, operational difficulties, local strikes or other industrial actions, or staff illness, we reserve the right to make changes to the type of yacht, instructor and schedule of a course. We will always endeavour to provide a service of equal quality. Cancellations; You may cancel your booking at any time subject to the following penalties which are to be paid to us: Between 30 and 15 days before your course: 50% of the total course fee (your deposit)  Less than 15 days before your course: The total course fee  Cancellations must be notified to us in writing by post or email. The penalties will be calculated from the date we receive your cancellation. Conduct aboard school vessels; If in our reasonable opinion you conduct yourself aboard one of our vessels so as to endanger the vessel or any person or property on-board or behave in a disorderly manner or in a manner to which other clients may reasonably object, we may take such measures as we deem necessary to prevent continuation of such conduct including your removal from the vessel. You agree to abide by the orders of the Skipper/Instructor in command of the school vessel at all times. Awarding of certification; Depending on your course level you will be assessed by either an Instructor or Examiner. At the end of the course, they will decide if you have reached the required level in order to be awarded certification, their decision is final. If, however, you disagree with their decision you may make follow the below complaints procedure to info Sovereign Sailing. If you disagree with the outcome of an exam you may lodge an application to the Royal Yachting Association or Irish Sailing for redress in the form required by that organisation. Complaints; Should you have a complaint about any aspect of our course or service, please make it known to your Instructor at the time. If you are still dissatisfied, please let us know as soon as possible either in writing or verbally, you may also us the Feedback Form that you will be given at the end of the course. We take the quality of our service seriously and will do what we can to remedy the situation. Travel Insurance; You are responsible for ensuring that you have adequate travel insurance which will cover any medical expenses and repatriation if necessary and that this insurance covers you while sailing. The following Terms and Conditions are specific to Day-sails and other sailing trips inc Corporate events.The following Terms an Conditions are General and relate to all other aspects of Sovereign Sailings products and services.Introduction and Acceptance of the Terms and ConditionsThe general Terms and Conditions of Sale detailed below govern the contractual relationship between the ‘User’ (hereafter also referred to as ‘You’ or the ‘Customer’) and ‘Sovereign Sailing’ (hereafter also referred to as ‘We’ or the ‘Website’), belonging to the company Sovereign Sailing, company number 432111, VAT no 9643911J. Both parties accept these Conditions unreservedly. These general Conditions of Sale are the only conditions that are applicable and replace all other conditions, except in the case of express. written, prior dispensation. We maintain that, by confirming your order, you have read and do unreservedly accept our general Conditions of Sale. These Terms and Conditions of Sale are important to you and Sovereign Sailing as they are used to protect your rights as a valued customer and our rights as a business.Changes to the Terms of Service and the WebsiteSovereignsailing.com is a work in progress, and as such things may change, be added or be taken away. We reserve the right to update the Website and these Terms of Service from time to time, at our discretion and without any notice. It is solely your responsibility to keep up-to-date with the latest Terms and Conditions by checking back regularly. Your continued use of the Website following the publishing of updated Terms of Service will be taken to mean that you have read and agree to the changes.Access to the WebsiteWe work hard to ensure the Website is always up and available, but we can’t guarantee that the Website will not have downtime for any reason. We reserve the right to close the Website for short periods of time for general maintenance but will attempt to keep this to a minimum. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time, for any length of time.Product informationAnything that may be purchased from Sovereign Sailing.com is considered a product to include but not exclusive to, sailing trips, yacht charters, sailing courses, gift vouchers. Sovereign Sailing takes great care when putting product information, descriptions and images online but will not be held responsible for any mistakes or omissions to any information given.PricesThe prices indicated on Sovereign Sailing are shown in Euros and do not include delivery. We reserve the right to modify our prices at any moment but this will be indicated to you on the order at the time the order is placed. If an obviously incorrect price appears on our website and is not corrected on your total at the time of order completion, for whatever reason (human error, technical error etc.), your order will be canceled and the payment refunded to you, even if it has been initially validated.AvailabilityWe will always endeavor to fulfill your order once completed and paid for. If a product should become unavailable after your order has been confirmed and paid for, we will refund the price you paid for the product within 30 days following the date of payment.If relevant, we will offer you a replacement for an unavailable product, a product of equal price and quality. If you choose to decline this offer, and the original product is permanently unavailable, we will reimburse the price of the unavailable product.BookingsWe reserve the right to cancel any bookings for yacht rentals, sea-based courses, full and half day trips, corporate/group events, and own boat sail training in the event of adverse weather conditions that we feel may put our staff, customers, and/or students at risk of serious danger and/or dangerous weather conditions that may result in damage or loss of our boats. In the rare event that we must cancel your booking for any reason, we will offer you an alternative date for your booking and or service of equal value. If you reject postponing your booking, we will issue you a full refund on the payment method used when the initial reservation was placed.Limitations & LiabilityIn no event shall Sovereign Sailing be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Sovereign Sailing’s Internet site, even if Sovereign Sailing or an authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.In no event shall Sovereign Sailing be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages arising from or related to canceled reservations and on any theory of liability, and whether or not Sovereign Sailing knew or should have known of the possibility of such damage.Secure paymentSovereign Sailing currently offers one way to pay for your order online. This payment option uses SHA-256 SSL encryption to keep your transaction secure and does not cost you anything to use (Sovereign Sailing is charged as the seller, you are not charged as the buyer) so you will not pay any extra for your order. You do not need to hold an account with these Merchants to use these methods of payments.Sovereign Sailing does not store nor process any credit card information on its servers. All online payment transactions are processed directly by © Stripe.Please refer to Stripe for full terms and conditions of use.DeliveryAny orders for physical products will be delivered to the address you indicated when your order was placed.Sovereign Sailing does everything in its power to respect the delivery times indicated on the website. We cannot, however, be held responsible for the consequences of a late delivery or the loss of a package caused by a third-party contracted to make delivery, or by you, or because of some unforeseen event or an Act of God. In the event where you do not receive your package, an investigation will be conducted with the carrier and may take several days upon receipt of your claim. During this period of investigation, no reimbursement or re-delivery will take place.For reimbursementsIf the product is returned or booking canceled, the customer will be reimbursed via the same payment method as was used initially.False informationThe details you give us are essential for the processing and delivery of your orders, for billing and for the establishment of warranty contracts, therefore failure to provide these details will result in the cancellation of your order. By purchasing a product through the Site, you agree to provide us with sincere and true information as it concerns you. Communicating false information is contrary to the present general Terms and Conditions.For full details, please see our Privacy Policy.Intellectual ownershipAll the content on Sovereign Sailing website (illustrations, texts, names, brand names, images and videos) is the property of Sovereign Sailing. Any partial or total reproduction of this content, by any means and on any support, is subject to prior and express authorisation by Sovereign Sailing. All information, content and files is protected by International law concerning intellectual ownership and copyright. Sovereign Sailing cannot give you the right to copy, display or distribute content that you do not have the intellectual rights to. All fraudulent use of this content that violates the rights held by a third party constitutes an offence of forgery, which is severely punished under the Intellectual Property Code.Sovereign Sailing will not, under any circumstances, be held responsible if a user violates rights held by a third party through his activities on the site.Waiver and SeverabilityAny failure of Sovereign Sailing to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Sovereign Sailing, and governs your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.Feedback & CommentsAny opinions left on the Website by Sovereign Sailing customers are screened and moderated by Sovereign Sailing. If the comments infringe on the law or are inappropriate (abusive publicity, defamation, insults, out of context commentary…), Sovereign Sailing reserves the right to refuse or modify it.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that's okay.OkPrivacy policy