http://www.volcanowinery.com/~volcanow/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to content
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Volcano Winery collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://volcanowinery.com/ website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Volcano Winery.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Volcano Winery collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To process transactions
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Volcano Winery has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Volcano Winery
https://volcanowinery.com/
PO Box 843 35 Pii Mauna Drive Volcano, HI 96785
(808) 967-7772
info@volcanowinery.com
This document was last updated on April 03, 2012
Place an Order: (808) 967-7772
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Refund Policy
Home
About
History
Tasting Menu
Friends of Volcano Winery
Wines
Signature Wines
Limited & Estate Wines
Shipping Information
Retailers
Shop
Wines
Tea Shop
Glassware
Wine Accessories
Made In Hawaii
Apparel
Event Tickets
Shipping Policies
Contact
Club Volcano
Shop Menu
Wines
Glassware
Tea Shop
Estate Teas
Tea Accessories
Wine Accessories
Made In Hawaii
Apparel
Shipping Policies
Login
+808 967 7772
UA-28915570-1
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?