http://www.cloudybay.co.nz/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Home
Our Estate Our Origins
Our People
Our Wines Wine Collection Sauvignon Blanc
Pinot noir
Te Koko
Te Wahi
Chardonnay
Pelorus
Winemaking Philosophy
Forage Map
Our Lifestyle How-to
News
Events
Visit us
Contact us
Visit us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Notice
Careers
Press
Buy
Buy
Buy
Home
Our Estate
Our Wines
Our Lifestyle
Visit us
Error message
Notice: Only variables should be passed by reference in cloudybay_blocks_preprocess_cloudybay_blocks_global_hp_news_events() (line 343 of /home/sites_web/client/drupal/www/projects/cloudybay/modules/custom/cloudybay_blocks/cloudybay_blocks.module).
Terms & Conditions
Version Date – September 2020
1. Editor - Contact
The  (www.cloudybay.co.nz) website (the "Site") is edited by Cloudy Bay Vineyards Limited, a a New Zealander company with:
• share capital: 2,000,100 NZD
• registration number: N° 271895
• VAT/GST number: 048-045-812
• company phone number: Tel: + 64035209147
• registered address:  Level Jacksons Road, Woodbourne, Marlborough, 7273 PO Box 376, New Zealand
Chief Editor: Astrid De Jong
For any enquiry regarding the Site, please contact us by sending an e-mail to: info@cloudybay.co.nz
2. Hosting
The Site is hosted by:
• company name : LINKBYNET
• registered address: 5-9 Rue de l'Industrie, 93200 Saint-Denis – France
Tel: +33 (0)1 48 13 00 00
Company number: 430 359 927 RCS Bobigny
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
The Site is edited by Cloudy Bay Vineyards Limited, a a New Zealander company with share capital of 2,000,100 NZD, having its registered address at Level Jacksons Road, Woodbourne, Marlborough, 7273 PO Box 376, New Zealand, registered under n° N° 271895 (the "Company").
Any use of this Site by any person ("you" or the "user") is governed by these terms & conditions of use (Terms & Conditions"). The purpose of these Terms & Conditions is to define the conditions of access, navigation and use of the Site.
By accessing and using this Site, you accept without restriction to apply these Terms & Conditions as well as the provisions concerning the protection of personal data (read the Privacy & Cookies Notice).
The Company may revise or update these Terms & Conditions and the Privacy & Cookies Notice at any time and without notice. It is your responsibility to re-read these Terms & Conditions and the Privacy & Cookies Notice on a regular basis.
The Company provides this Site only for people who have reached the legal age to consume and/or purchase alcoholic beverages (whichever is the higher) in their location of residence and provided that the consumption and/or purchase of alcoholic beverages is legal. If no such laws exist in your location of residence, you must be over 21 to access the Site.
1. Navigation on the site
1.1 Access to the Site
Necessary hardware and software to access Internet and this Site are under sole liability of the users.
The Company reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to suspend or terminate access or navigation to all or part of the Site and/or its content and/or the available services without prior notice and without entitling any user to claim any indemnity or compensation.
It is forbidden to modify the software or any element of it or to use a modified version of the software, in order to obtain unauthorized access to the Site.
1.2 Links
The Site may include links to other websites or other internet sources. As the Company cannot control these websites and external sources, the Company cannot be held responsible for the provision or display of these websites and external sources, and may not be held liable for the content, advertising, products, services or any other material available on or from these websites or external sources. Furthermore, the Company cannot be held responsible for any demonstrated or alleged harm or losses resulting from (directly or indirectly) or in relation to the use of, or the fact of having had confidence in, the content, goods or services available on these websites or external sources.
1.3 User responsible behaviour
Each user warrants:
to be of minimum age legally required to consume and/or purchase alcohol in accordance with the regulations of user’s location of residence,
to use the Site for user’s personal and lawful use only, excluding therefore any other commercial use without the prior written consent of the Company,
to provide, when relevant, personal data being true, up-to-date and accurate.
Users may not in any way represent or act on behalf of the Company, its subsidiaries, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees.
When using the Site, users must behave responsibly, lawfully, with courtesy and respectful towards other users, the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates and third parties.
User must notably refrain from:
uploading, displaying, sending by e-mail or by any other mean any file containing viruses, codes, text files, software or similar items which could disrupt, interrupt, destroy, damage or limit functionalities of any software, hardware or telecommunication material,
disrupting or interrupting the Site, its servers or networks connected to the Site, or infringing the related requirements, procedures or rules,
infringing (including any attempt) the Site functioning, notably by exposing the Site to viruses, creating an overload of consultation of the Site or its servers, sending "spams" or overloading the Site messaging system,
consulting privileged or non public information or accessing a server or account for which the user is not expressly granted access to,
trying to assess or test the Site vulnerability, breaching security or authentication measures of the Site without the prior written consent of the Company,
conducting any illegal activity or any other activity likely to infringe rights of the Company, its subsidiaries, affiliates, providers (including technical providers and contractors), customers and third parties, as well as refrain from encouraging thirds to do so,
uploading, displaying, posting, sending by e-mail or by any other mean any unsolicited or non-authorised commercial or promotional content, junk mails, spasm, chains or any other solicitation,
uploading, displaying, sending by e-mail or by any other mean any illegal, detrimental, defamatory, offensive, racist, vulgar, obscene, threatening, violent, against decency, infringing third parties rights, chocking or disparaging content or the like,
sending or forwarding by e-mail or by any other mean any content of the Site to people under the legal alcohol drinking and/or purchasing age in their location of residence.
Each user must comply with any and all applicable regulations, laws and rules related to user’s behaviour on the Internet and transmission of technical data.
When relevant, the Company reserves the right in its absolute discretion to terminate or withdraw any user’s access to the Site without notice in case of breach of the user’s obligations under these Terms & Conditions and/or ancillary documentation, without prejudice to claim damages to such defaulting user.
1.4 User generated content (when applicable)
Users are solely liable of any content they may post or upload onto the Site and the consequences of disclosing, broadcasting, forwarding or making available such content. The Company does not adhere or approve any content, opinion, suggestion or notice generated by users and the Company declines any and all responsibility and liability in respect of any such content to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
However, the Company reserves the right, but not the obligation, to monitor use of the Site and to remove any content which, in its sole discretion, would breach these Terms & Conditions, may be offensive, illegal or otherwise objectionable in any way.
User accepts that the Company may freely and peacefully use, at no cost and without any restriction, any content posted onto the Site in order to be displayed on the Site as well as to be displayed, reproduced on any other medium whatsoever, in the entire world, for the promotion and advertising of the Company, its products and services,
1.5 REPORT OF INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT
Users can report to the Company any inappropriate content by sending an e-mail to info@cloudybay.co.nz.
2. Protection of the site content
The Site and each of its elements (including all text, images, web pages, sound, video, designs, trademarks, logos and other material on or accessible via the Site) as well as any software required to be used in relation to the former, data bases and newsletters (the "Content"), may contain confidential information and information that is protected by intellectual property rights or other legislations.
Unless otherwise expressly stated on the Site, the Company exclusively owns all intellectual property rights related to the Content and the Company does not grant any user with any license or other right other than a right to view the Site.
The reproduction of the Content (in whole or in part) of the Site is authorized for the sole purpose of information for a personal and private use. Any reproduction or use or other exploitation of Content for any other purposes (whatever the manner or the kind) is expressly prohibited.
Users must not copy, modify, create derivative pieces of work, assemble, decompile, assign, sub-licence or transfer in any way any content of the Site or any material (including software) related to the Site.
3. Personal data
The Company ensures the protection of personal information disclosed by users of the Site.
The Company invites users to consult the Privacy & Cookies Notice which indicates the provisions implemented to guarantee the treatment of personal data. Collection, processing, use, transmission, keeping and protection of users’ personal information are governed by the Privacy & Cookies Notice.
4. Responsibility
The Company endeavors to ensure as far as possible, that the information provided on this Site is correct and up-to-date. However, the Company cannot guarantee the correctness, accuracy or exhaustiveness of the information provided on the Site.
The Company allows free access to the Site and declines all responsibility and may not be held liable in any case:
for any interruption in provision of the Site or services accessible via the Site,
for the occurrence of bugs, viruses and similar technical issues adversely affecting your ability to access this Site,
for any inaccuracy, isolated and unforeseen error or omission relating to information or Content available on the Site,
for any damage resulting from a fraudulent intrusion by a third party,
and more generally, for any direct or indirect or consequential harm, loss or damage, whatever the cause, origin, nature or consequences, which may occur as a result of any type of access to the Site or any inability to access it or the credit given to any piece of information coming directly or indirectly from the latter.
5. Governing law and jurisdiction attributio
These Terms & Conditions (and the Privacy Notice) are governed by French law.
Unless imperative legal provision to the contrary, users and the Company hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of Paris (France) any claim or matter arising under or in connection with the Content or use of the Site, including in case of guarantee, plurality of defendants or summary proceedings.
Follow Us
Stay updated, we have so much to share! Start your journey, follow us on our social networks and savour the Natural Luxury.
randomness
Cloudy Bay X Clos19
Cloudy is pleased to partner with Clos19 as our global ecommerce partner.
The delivery is possible for California, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, New Jersey and New York States.
Please select a State below:
Select here
California
Connecticut
Florida
Illinois
New Jersey
New York
Texas
JavaScript is disabled. It may not display all features of this and other websites. To enable it follow
this instructions.