http://www.sundanceballoons.com/privacy-policy/
Close
COVID-19 Updates.
Call Us
Home
Cities & Pricing
Back
Toronto Area (Kitchener)
Calgary, AB
Edmonton, AB
Grande Prairie, AB
Kitchener-Waterloo, ON
London, ON
Ottawa, ON
Regina, SK
Saskatoon, SK
Winnipeg, MB
FAQs
Flight Info
Back
Pre-Flight Info
Safety
Schedule Flight
Corporate Advertising
Contact
Purchase Tickets
Privacy Policy
Sundance Balloons has always been committed to the privacy of all of our customers. We see our compliance with the
Personal Information
Protection and Electronic Documents Act
(PIPEDA) as not only a federal obligation, but also another way we continue to provide exceptional service.
When you choose Sundance Balloons, your personal information is kept confidential. In our ongoing efforts to protect our customers, Sundance Balloons has implemented a Privacy Policy built on the ten principles in PIPEDA.
Sundance Balloons is accountable for the personal information provided to us and as such, has developed policies and procedures for the collection, use, disclosure and protection of personal information. We do not sell, rent or loan any information.
Sundance Balloons clearly identifies the purposes for which personal information is gathered prior to, or at the time of collection. If you are unclear about the purpose for which we collect information, ask us. As well, if you feel that our purpose for collecting any information is not necessary to your particular case, you do not have to provide us with that information.
Sundance Balloons informs and receives the consent of an individual for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, except as required by law. Private information is only provided if we are required to provide it by law or if public security is at stake.
Sundance Balloons limits the collection of personal information to the amount and type of information necessary for the purposes we identify. All information is collected by fair and lawful means.
Sundance Balloons only retains your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We limit the use of your personal information, and it is not disclosed for purposes other than those for which the information was collected, except with your consent, or as required by law.
Sundance Balloons keeps all personal information under its control accurate, complete and as up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is being used. If information needs to be updated, we make every effort to update our records and advise other parties having access to the information of these changes.
Sundance Balloons keeps personal information safe from loss, unauthorized use, changes or disclosure. When we no longer need your information, we take the necessary precautions destroying the information just as we do while storing it.
Sundance Balloons is open and honest at all times, providing you with specific information about our policies and practices regarding the management of all personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, we will provide the answers and help you to understand.
Sundance Balloons provides access to information we have in our possession. It is your right to know what this information is and whom we have given it to. We respond to your requests as soon as possible and if we cannot respond right away, we will advise you.
You have the right to challenge our compliance with PIPEDA. Sundance Balloons has in place enquiry and complaint procedures, and we take the appropriate action to correct personal information handling policies and practices.
We have the right to refuse your request for information in certain circumstances. These circumstances include information that would reveal personal information about another individual, confidential commercial information, instances where the security of another individual is at stake, information that is protected by solicitor-client privilege, or where information collected is related to the detection and prevention of fraud. All of our employees are committed to upholding this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR VISITORS TO THE SUNDANCE BALLOONS WEBSITE
As a visitor to our website, you do not have to submit any personal information in order to use this site. By visiting our website, you agree that we may collect and use information for the appropriate purposes in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with its terms, please do not access this site. Our Privacy Policy is regularly updated. Your continued access of the Sundance Balloons website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean you accept and agree to be bound by such changes.
We do not identify individual visitors to our website other than by their IP address. We only use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to gather broad demographic information using a standard website statistics software package. This helps us to understand what information is most useful so that we can make it easier to find out information and to provide the most up-to-date, relevant information to our visitors. We record the statistical information on the numbers of visitors to our site but no information about you in particular will be kept or used.
When you voluntarily provide information through sending email using our contact form, you are consenting to providing us personal information about yourself and as such, are bound by the privacy principles outlined above. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have established physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Unfortunately, no data transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, we cannot assure the security of any information transmitted to us and you do so at your own risk.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact:
Sundance Balloons
48 Crampton Drive
Belmont, ON
N0L1B0, Canada
info@sundanceballoons.com
(519) 473-6444