http://www.inter-bike.co.uk/privacy-policy/
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected through www.inter-bike.co.uk.
To protect your privacy, www.inter-bike.co.uk follows the following principles for customer privacy and data protection.
WHY WE OBTAIN INFORMATION
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you contact us using the www.inter-bike.co.uk contact form and any similar pages whereby you submit personal information to us by e-mail.
The primary reason we obtain this information is to make the site easier for you to use.  We may also periodically use your information to alert you to updated information and other new services from www.inter-bike.co.uk.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of www.inter-bike.co.uk but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require registration or the provision of personal information.
OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information we collect, we will not sell, share, or rent this information to others other than as disclosed in this statement. Provision of your personal information is to www.inter-bike.co.uk
We collect some or all of the following information and similar information via www.inter-bike.co.uk site registration process and contact forms should you choose to use them: Your name and address, your e-mail address, your contact telephone number(s)
COOKIES
We do use cookies which are stored on your computer. However these are only for recording your style and layout preferences when using our website, so these are remembered when you revisit our site. They do not record any personal identifiable information.
However please be aware that third-party advertisers whose advertisements we feature on www.inter-bike.co.uk may use cookies with various features.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit www.inter-bike.co.uk. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to www.inter-bike.co.uk and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to www.inter-bike.co.uk and other sites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
LOG FILES
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the website, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
SHARING
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
LINKS TO / FROM 3RD PARTY WEBSITES
We are not responsible for and accept no liability for the content or privacy practices of any linked website which is not owned and maintained by us. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
SURVEYS OR COMPETITIONS
From time-to-time our website might request information from users via surveys or competitions. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, address and telephone numbers(s)), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes and may be used to send you marketing or promotional materials where indicated. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this website. Further information on this policy can be found on our Prize Draw Rules Page.
NOTICE TO PARENTS
Parents or guardians: we want to help you guard your children’s privacy. We encourage to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their Personal Information while using the Internet.
Top TipsTop 10 Tips What to Do After A Motorcycle Accident?
Top 10 Tips What to Do After A Cycling Accident?