http://www.milavia.net/legal/privacy.html
contact
about
faq
updates
portfolios
Home
Aircraft
Air Forces
Air Shows
Specials
Wallpapers
Quiz
News
Links
Forum
MILAVIA >
Legal > Privacy Policy
Last updated: 22 August 2015
Privacy Policy
Effective Date August 22, 2015
General
This document presents the privacy and cookie policy ("policy") of the website available at www.milavia.net
owned and operated by Niels Hillebrand ("MILAVIA").
MILAVIA respects the privacy of visitors (including members) of the website. In this policy
you will find more about what, when and how data is collected and information about cookies
(What are cookies?) are used.
By using the content and services provided by MILAVIA you accept this policy.
MILAVIA may change this policy at any time without notification. You can access this policy at any time
by clicking the link "Privacy Policy" or "Privacy & Cookie Policy" in the footer, or find it in our legal section
following the link "Terms of Service" or "Disclaimer" in the footer. You can also bookmark this policy
using the following web address: http://www.milavia.net/legal/privacy.html
Data
Your data that is collected, processed, and stored by MILAVIA consists of:
- non-personally identifiable information ("non-personal data") provided automatically
- personally identifiable information ("personal data") when provided by you
Non-Personal Data
Non-personal data can not be used to identify you. Non-personal data includes
technical data, which you passively provide through accessing this website with your
connected device. This includes for example your IP address, information about your device and browser,
and the referring website you used to access MILAVIA as well as pages you visited on MILAVIA.
Non-personal data collected by MILAVIA:
- is used for statistics by aggregating the data from all visits and visitors
- can be used to adjust the website for your device and preferences
- can be used to track your use of the website for internal purposes,
particularly providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving the website.
- may be coupled to personal data when required to provide you with technical support
- may be provided to third parties in aggregated or anonymized form
Third-parties collecting non-personal data:
- Google Analytics: The data collected by Google Analytics can only be accessed by MILAVIA or authorized
third parties. The data may be shared with Google Inc. in anonymized form to generate benchmarks.
- Advertisers: Approved advertisers may collect non-personal data, this includes Amazon Inc, Google Inc via Google Adsense (Doubleclick)
and other advertisers that are part of the Google Advertiser Network.
- Content Providers: Through embedded content such as images, providers of said content may collect
non-personal data.
- Rankings & Social Sites: Through embedded buttons for ranking services (such as Avitop) and social media (such as Addthis), providers
of said buttons may collect non-personal data.
Third-party collected data is not linked to personal data you may provide to MILAVIA.
Disclosure of non-personal data
MILAVIA can provide this data to successors, strategic partners, advertising clients, or
other associates. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use non-personal data about your visits to this
and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you
based on non-personal data.
Personal Data
Personal data collected by MILAVIA is limited to the personal data you actively provide, this may include:
- name
- date of birth
- contact information
- other personal data you provided in any e-mails to us
- other personal data you provided by completing any of the forms on the website, including account registration
- other personal data you provided in any messages sent using the forum's message system
- other personal data you provided by posting on the forum or your portfolio
When accessing PayPal or Amazon via this website, MILAVIA does not collect your financial information. MILAVIA is not reponsible for the way
these parties collect, store, retrieve and use this information. This information is not revealed to MILAVIA.
Disclosure of Personal Data
Personal data you provide is stored unencrypted and may be published depending on where you provided
the data. Please take notice when providing personal data on how MILAVIA uses the data.
In principle, MILAVIA does not intentionally disclose your personal data to third parties
without your consent. However MILAVIA reserves the right to do so when necessary to the
operation and continued growth of our business or to protect the rights of others.
Disclosure to Successors. MILAVIA may disclose your personal data to any
successor-in-interest of ours, such as a company that acquires us. In the event MILAVIA
goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company,
or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information
will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email or by a
notice on our website of any such change in ownership or control of your personal data.
Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties.
MILAVIA may disclose your personal data to prevent an emergency, to protect
or enforce our rights, to protect or enforce the rights of a third party, or as required
or permitted by law (including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court
order). MILAVIA can not be held responsible when any party uses personal data that is
publicly accessible on MILAVIA
or personal data accidentally disclosed or illegally obtained from MILAVIA by a third party.
Disclosure to Public
Your personal data is not made public without implied or explicit consent. In case of the
monthly quiz, upon entering the quiz you consent for your name to be published on the website.
In case of the forum you are making the submitted information public and accept all responsibilities
of making any information (not restricted to personal data) public, including
but not restricted to copyright related issues.
Information Provided at Third Parties
MILAVIA assumes no responsibility for the way third parties collect, store, retrieve and
use information provided by you. We also have no access or control over any information
the third party provides to you.
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies (What are cookies?).
Cookies placed by MILAVIA
The MILAVIA website places cookies to track the visitor's use of the website through a session ID, to facilitate
login (for example the forum login) and to remember your preferences. These cookies are harmless
and do not collect or store personal data.
Cookies placed by third parties
MILAVIA uses third-party analytics to analyze our traffic. In order to facilitate this these services place cookies.
MILAVIA uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may
use non-personal data about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you (personalised ads). These third parties might also use tracking cookies
on our site. MILAVIA has no access to or control over these third-party cookies and the website cannot be continued
without allowing third-parties to place cookies. How you can control and delete them is explained in the next section.
How to control and delete cookies
MILAVIA will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. Blocking the cookies set by
MILAVIA may disable some functionality.
However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this websites, or indeed any other website,
you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how. You can also visit
the About Cookies website on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers.
If you wish to view your cookie code, just click on a cookie to open it. You'll see a short string of text or numbers.
These can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie.
MILAVIA first-party cookies do not track you outside of our own domain. To opt-out of third-parties that may use tracking cookies
to personalize the ads shown on this website and other websites which use the same third-parties, please refer to these websites for opt-out information.
Universal opt-out programs:
- Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
- Your Online Choices: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Our advertiser networks:
- Google: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
- Chitika: http://chitika.com/privacy
- Google certified vendors: view list for your region
If you have any concerns regarding the cookies on this website, feel free to contact the webmaster.
Niels Hillebrand, MILAVIA webmaster,
webmaster@milavia.net
Navigator
Legal Information
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Related Pages
Site Information
Home | Aircraft | Air Forces | Air Shows | Specials |
Wallpapers | News | Quiz | Forum
Contact | About | FAQ | Updates |
RSS Feeds | Links | Search
Back to Index
Move to Top
Copyright © 2002-2020 Niels Hillebrand.
All Rights Reserved | Privacy & Cookie Policy | Terms of Service