https://www.scwtcnc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.scwtcnc.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Notice
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the SCWTCNC (“we,” “us,” or “our”) has created this notice to provide the following additional details regarding the categories of Personal Information about California residents that we have collected or disclosed within the preceding 12 months.
We collected the following categories of Personal Information
Identifiers, such as name and IP address; Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as billing and mailing address, email address, and payment card information; Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history; Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our Websites and online Services; and Geolocation data, such as device location and IP location. As described above, we may use this Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our club, to provide our products and services (e.g., create your account, bill you for services, provide customer support), and to accomplish our club purposes and objectives, including, for example, using Personal Information to: better understand your needs and interests, send newsletters that you have signed up for, personalize
your experience, improve our Services and our products, send you updates and alerts and to contact you about your account, and establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We disclosed the following Personal Information to third parties such as our service providers for our operational club purposes
Identifiers, such as name and IP address;
Personal information, as defined in the California safeguards law, such as billing and mailing address, email address, and payment card information;
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history;
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our Websites and online Services; and
Geolocation data, such as device location and IP location.
We have not “sold” Personal Information for purposes of the CCPA
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sold” or “sale” means the disclosure of Personal Information for monetary or other valuable consideration but does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business.
What you can request as a California resident under the CCPA
Disclosure to you of the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information; The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; The business or commercial purpose for collecting (if applicable) Personal Information about you; and The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable). Deletion of Personal Information we collected from you To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, you can contact the club’s secretary,
Please note that in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where an exception applies, such as where the disclosure of Personal Information would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of another California resident.
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Last updated: February 1, 2020