http://www.hanggliding.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy “we” “us” and “our” refers to Sydney Hang Gliding Centre Pty Ltd. Your access to and use of all information on this website including purchase of our product/s is provided subject to the following Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this Notice at any time and your use of the website following any amendments will represent your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy as amended. We therefore recommend that each time you access our website you read this Privacy Policy.
Privacy Act
The Sydney Hang Gliding Centre is committed to protecting the privacy of all people with whom we communicate – whether by personal visits, phone, website and email, Gift Certificate orders, or under Tuition by our school. We are aware of the Commonwealth of Australia’s Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2014 and the New South Wales Privacy Act and it is our policy to meet the relevant requirements of each.
Contact Details
The Sydney Hang Gliding Centre may collect names, phone numbers and postal addresses for the purposes of delivering products and items ordered or communications requested. You may be required to provide a postal address for delivery and other information related to an e-commerce transaction. Any of your contact details that have been submitted through our website will not be sold or redistributed to any party.
Email Addresses
The Sydney Hang Gliding Centre does collect email addresses from site, register for a website account, order products or to make enquires. Email addresses within webpage content are protected by various spam reduction measures and web user accounts details are not accessible or displayed publicly.
3rd Party Websites
This website contains links to other websites. The Sydney Hang Gliding Centre is not responsible for their privacy practices nor the content of other websites. Visitors to these websites should make themselves aware of the privacy and confidentiality policies of those sites to which links are distributed.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a web server may ask your web browser to store on your computer. The cookies used by this website are associated with the provision of services such as web accounts, ecommerce transactions and website statistics either generated directly or via 3rd party servers. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us at any time.
Privacy
1. We undertake to take all due care with any information which you may provide to us when accessing our website. However we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information, which you may provide to us. Information you transmit to us is entirely at your own risk although we undertake to take reasonable steps to preserve such information in a secure manner.
2. Our compliance with privacy legislation is set out in our separate Privacy Policy which may be accessed from our home page.
These Privacy Policy have been specifically drafted for, and provided to Sydney Hang Gliding Centre Pty Ltd by LawLive Pty Ltd (www.lawlive.com.au).
Buy Flight