http://www.oldforgecamping.com/privacy-policy/
Water Safari Resort
Skip to Content
Home |
Property Map |
Directions |
Gifts |
Employment |
Contact |
1-800-CAMPING|e-Club
Home
Directions
Resort
Old Forge Camping
General Information & Policies
Amenities
Activities
Property Map
Gallery
Directions
Contact
Accommodations
Camping
Cabins
Cabins Accessible
Cottages
Cottages Accessible
RV Sites
Tent Sites
Vacation House
Winter Seasonals
Reservation and Cancellation Policies
Storage Units
Snowmobile Trailer Parking
Specials & Packages
Specials & Packages
Current Specials
Spring Value Season
Spring
Summer
Fall
Fall Value Season
Winter
Gifts
Stay ‘N Play Packages
Events
Campground Events
Local Area Events
Recreation
Water Safari
Calypso’s Cove
Experience Old Forge
Attractions
Dining
Shopping
Sports and Recreation
Meet & Gather
Meet & Gather
Youth Groups
Corporate Meetings
Teambuilding & Activities
Family Reunions & Milestones
Weddings
Group Request Form
Employment
Blog
Contact
Book Your Stay
Old Forge Camping Resort
Water's Edge Inn
Check-In
Check-Out
Promo Code
Guests
1
2
3
4
5
Check Availability
Check-In
Check-Out
Promo Code
Guests
1
2
3
4
5
6
Check Availability
Privacy Policy
Home    Privacy Policy
Information about Privacy
Old Forge Camping Resort is committed to protecting your privacy. You can visit most pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself. But, sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. This privacy statement only applies to Old Forge Camping Resort; it does not apply to other online or offline Old Forge Camping Resort sites, products or services. Please read the complete Old Forge Camping Resort privacy statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are registering before entering a contest, ordering e-mail newsletters, joining a limited-access premium site, signing up for an event or training, or when purchasing and/or registering Old Forge Camping Resort products. Personal information collected by Old Forge Camping Resort often is limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
For example: If you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, such as reserving a room on our Web site, we will request personal information necessary for billing, such as: name, address, telephone number, and credit card number.
Old Forge Camping Resort also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring Web site addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Old Forge Camping Resort Web site.
Old Forge Camping Resort also collects information about which pages our customers visit within Old Forge Camping Resort. This site visitation data is identified only by a unique ID number and it is never linked with personal information unless a user consents as described below.
Use of your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To ensure our site is relevant to your needs.
To deliver services, such as newsletters, events, training or software, which you request or purchase.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Old Forge Camping Resort, if you so request.
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate.
We will merge site-visitation data with anonymous demographic information for research purposes, and we may use this information in aggregate to provide more relevant content. In some limited-entry sections of Old Forge Camping Resort, with your approval, we will combine site-visitation data with your personal information in order to provide you with personalized content. If you decline permission, we will not provide you the personalized service and won't merge your personal information with site-visitation data.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Old Forge Camping Resort may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Old Forge Camping Resort or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Old Forge Camping Resort and its family of Web sites, or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Old Forge Camping Resort employees, users of Old Forge Camping Resort products or services, or members of the public. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Old Forge Camping Resort or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Old Forge Camping Resort abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Control of your Personal Information
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Old Forge Camping Resort will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
Registering also allows you to tell us how or whether you want Old Forge Camping Resortto communicate with you. After registering, go to the customer center and establish your preferences in the Contact Options sections. There, you can decide what information you want to receive and how you want to receive it. Or you can tell us not to contact you by removing check marks from the contact option boxes.
Old Forge Camping Resort may send out periodic e-mails informing you of technical service or security issues related to a product or service you requested, or confirming you requested a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe to these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
Security of your Personal Information
Old Forge Camping Resort is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide in computer servers with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit sensitive information (such as a credit card number) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Use of Cookies
When someone visits the site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (if the customer accepts cookies) or is read if the customer has visited the site previously. One use of cookies is to assist in the collection of the site visitation statistics described above.
We also use cookies to collect information on which newsletter links are clicked by customers. This information is used to ensure we are sending information customers want to read. It is collected in aggregate form and never linked with your personal information.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Old Forge Camping Resort site, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the site.
Changes to this Statement
Old Forge Camping Resort will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. For material changes to this statement, Old Forge Camping Resort will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site.
COVID-19 Update For Our Valued GuestsClick Here For Full Details
+
Join our eClub today!
X
Stay ‘N Play
Current Specials
Apply Now
Book Now!
1-800-CAMPINGStay ‘N PlayCurrent SpecialsBook NowHomeDirectionsGiftsEmploymentContacteClubResort
General Information & Policies Amenities Activities Property Map Gallery Directions Contact
Accommodations
Cabins Cabins Accessible Cottages Cottages Accessible RV Sites Tent Sites Vacation House Winter Seasonals Reservation and Cancellation Policies Storage Units Snowmobile Trailer Parking
Specials & Packages
Current Specials Spring Value Season Spring Summer Fall Fall Value Season Winter Stay ‘N Play Packages Gifts
Events
Campground Events Local Area Events
Recreation
Water Safari Calypso’s Cove Experience Old Forge
Attractions Dining Shopping Sports and Recreation
Meet & Gather
Youth Groups Corporate Meetings Teambuilding & Activities Family Reunions & Milestones Weddings Group Request Form
About UsMedia CenterGuest FeedbackBlogInsider Tips & FAQContest Rules