http://www.steamtrain.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. This Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.steamtrain.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR), the data controller is Clive Upton.
To contact the data protection officer you should email elr@steamtrain.co.uk.
References to ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’ within this Privacy Policy are to Eastleigh Lakeside Railway Ltd.
The information we collect
This Policy applies to information you give us, through our website or by corresponding with us and information collected by us as you visit or interact with our website.
The data you provide may include:
Your name
Your email
Your contact details
Company name
The data we collect about you may include, but is not limited to:
Your IP address
Information about your browser and operating system
Information about your visit, this may include, but is not limited to, pages looked at, visit duration, errors encountered and interaction with the pages.
How we use your information
Any personal information we collect from this website is used in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and other applicable laws.
The information you provide allows us to do the following:
If you have made an enquiry then we will use your contact details to respond to your enquiry.
If you opted in to our newsletter then we send you our newsletter.
To provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To provide you with the information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
To notify you about changes to our services.
To protect keep our website safe and secure.
To improve our website and personalise it for you and your computer.
To provide an efficient service, certain functions such as hosting, storage and disaster recovery are provided by third parties.
To provide interactive features
To measure the effectiveness of our advertising
It is our policy to ensure that your personal data is not made accessible to unauthorised individuals. We have taken reasonable steps to protect both the digital and physical storage of data.
We strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
Your data may be kept if it is required for legal or accounting reasons.
Disclosure of your information
Analytics and search engines providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site may collect data about your IP and computer set up.
We share you data with our payment provider when you initiate a purchase.
How long do we keep your data
We will not retain your personal information longer than necessary.
If legally required or if it is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our Terms and Conditions, we may also retain some of your information for a limited period of time as required, even after it is no longer needed to provide services to you.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your device's hard-drive. They are used to distinguish individual users, and help us improve our website.
We explain how we use cookies in our cookies policy.
Access to your personal information
If you would like to update or remove the data we have about you please submit a request to the data protection officer.
If you wish to unsubscribe from our email newsletter you should use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. Should this not work please contact the data protection officer, using the details at the start of this policy.
If you would like to request access to the data we have about you please submit a request to the data protection officer.
If an access request is deemed by us to be unfounded or excessive we may charge a reasonable fee. If you request further copies of your data then we may charge for administrative fees.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about our use of your data please contact the data protection officer.
Updates to this policy
This Policy was last updated in March 2018.Any changes we make to this policy will be posted to this page.