https://www.campinglist.net/privacy-policy/
What personal data do we collect and why?
Comments
Visitors
often use our comments form to leave comments on this website. We then collect
the information, together with the browser user agent string and the visitor’s
IP address. This data then helps us identify spam.
Media
When
you are uploading images to our website, please avoid uploading those that have
any embedded location data (EXIF GPS) within the image. Any visitor to our
website can subsequently download an image and easily find the relevant
location data.
Cookies
When
you are leaving a comment using the comment form on our website, you can save
your name, website and email address by opting-in to use cookies. These are
provided as a convenient service for you, so you do not need to enter that
information again the next time you visit our website and make a comment. These
cookies remain in place for twelve months.
Should
you have an account with us and log into our website, we then use a temporary
cookie that finds out if your web browser can receive cookies. The cookie we
use contains no data and ceases when you close down your browser.
Analytics
On
each occasion that you visit our website, we collect what we call “Device
Information.” This is done for us by Google Analytics. When you visit,
they collect data about how you used our website – such as how long you were on
the site, which pages you visited, and through which device you accessed the
site. This information is collected automatically. It is also collected
anonymously to satisfy GDPR.
Do we share your data with anyone else?
No.
We do not share your data with anyone else. We feel that to do so would be a
betrayal of your trust.
For how long do we keep your data?
When
you leave a comment, we retain it indefinitely. Doing this allows us to
automatically recognize and then approve any follow-up comments instead of
holding them in a modqueue.
We
also store the personal information provided by any users registered on our
website. A user can view, edit, and, if necessary, delete any personal
information whenever they wish. The only exception to this is that a user name
cannot be changed. The administrators of the website can also view and edit
this information.
Where does your data go?
We use an automated spam detection service to check visitors’ comments for us.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Nine Tips to Save on Camping Gear
Camping – Leaving so Soon?
Beginner Sewing Projects: Camping Gear You Can Easily Make
How to Make Sure that Your Beach Camping Trip is Safe and Fun
Creating a Camping Memory to Last a Lifetime
Categories
Campfire Stories
Camping Gear
DIY
Tips & tricks
Recent Comments