https://www.cheersandgears.com/privacy/
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in our footer and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on this website's web servers. Log files do not capture personal information but do capture the user's IP address, which is automatically recognized by our web servers.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without their permission. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, http://www.CheersandGears.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at Admin@CheersandGears.com.
EZOIC
Ezoic's principal activities are: Website analytics, Website personalization, Website hosting
Privacy Policy
Cheers and Gears, PO Box 17974, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15235
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Facebook Pixel
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
SendGrid
SendGrid is used by this website to process and deliver emails.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
CheersandGears News
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
About us
CheersandGears.com - Founded 2001
We  Cars
Get in touch
OmniOrbis LLC,
PO Box 17974
Pittsburgh PA, 15235admin@cheersandgear.scomCheersandGears.com by OmniOrbis LLC
Our Staff Members
Drew Dowdell
Admin
William Maley
Admin
Follow us
Recent tweets
facebook
Support and Policies
Support
Meet the Staff
Advertising
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
User Submitted Content
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
News
Auto Shows
Back
Shanghai
Paris
SEMA
Los Angeles
Detroit
Consumer Electronics
Chicago
New York
Geneva
Beijing
Frankfurt
Tokyo
Reviews
Opinion
Community
Back
Forums
Clubs
Garage
Gallery
Calendar
Leaderboard
Activity
Back
All Activity
Social Stream
Search
×
Create New...