http://www.thekennelclub.org.uk/policies/cookie-policy/
Please note, we are experiencing high volumes of traffic during this time and responses may take a little longer than normal. If you would like further help, please use our FAQ page which can be found at thekennelclub.org.uk/FAQs
Home
Cookie Policy
Please read this cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how we use cookies on our website. This policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy which sets out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and supervisory authorities if you have a complaint.
Who we are
This website is owned and maintained by:The Kennel Club LimitedRegistered in England and WalesRegistration number 8217778Registered office:Clarges StreetPiccadillyLondon W1J 8AB
Our website
This cookie policy relates to your use of our website. Throughout our website we may link to other websites owned and operated by certain trusted third parties to make other products and services available to you. These other third party websites may also use cookies or similar technologies in accordance with their own separate policies. For privacy information relating to these other third party websites, please consult their policies as appropriate.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (e.g. computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website. These help us monitor how people use our site, make our website work and understand how our customers and potential customers use our websites so we can develop and improve their design, layout and more relevant content. personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services, e.g. to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic (e.g. how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, location data and the originating domain name of your internet service provider). Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
For further information on our use of cookies, including a detailed list of your information which we and others may collect through cookies, please see below.
For further information on cookies generally, including how to control and manage them, visit the guidance on cookies published by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Consent to use cookies and changing settings
We will ask for your permission (consent) to place cookies or other similar technologies on your device, except where they are essential for us to provide you with a service that you have requested (e.g. to enable the use of our services).
You can withdraw any consent to the use of cookies or manage any other cookie preferences via your web browser. Most browsers will allow you to turn off cookies. If you want to know how to do this please look at the menu on your browser, or look at the instruction on www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can change your cookie preferences and provide or withdraw your consent to cookies in respect of this website from the cookie declaration in the website footer.
Unfortunately, turning off cookies may mean our website doesn't retain your personalised settings and may restrict use of the site.
Our use of cookies
The tables below provides more information about the cookies we use and why:
Essential cookies
These cookies help our website work. Without these you will be unable to move around the website or use its features.
These cookies are essential for the functionality of our online services and are collected automatically. We will therefore not request your consent before placing these cookies.
Cookie
Purpose
__RequestVerificationToken
Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.
AI_buffer
AI_sentbuffer
Used in contact with each other in order to limit the number of data-server updates. This also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server updates.
ai_session
Preserves user states across page requests.
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
ASP.NET_sessionId
Preserves the visitor’s session state across page requests.
what-intent
Determines the device used to access. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
CartItemAmount
Required for the functioning of and allows visitors to use the cart function on the website.
Statistics cookies
These cookies collect analytics data about how you are using the site, to allow us to measure and improve performance. Without these cookies the site may not perform or look as expected.
These cookies are not essential and we will therefore request your consent before placing these cookies.
Cookie
Purpose
__qca
Collects data on the user’s visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
_ga
_gat
Google Analytics
This is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. It collects information about visitor behaviour on our website and stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google's position on privacy as regards its analytics service here.
Google Tag Manager
Used to manage web page code used for tracking and analytics on our websites
_dc_gtm_UA-{########-#}
Used by Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag.
gtm.login
Indicates whether the user has logged in.
_dlt
Used by Quantcast providing anonymous statistics
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Generated by Google page ad dynamic marketing to track events such as conversions or other meaningful user interactions
_hjid
Sets a uniques ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
Used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors – this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
_hjClosedSurveyInvites
Set once a visitor interacts with a Survey invitation. It is used to ensure that the same invite does not re-appear if it has already been shown.
_hjDonePolls
Set once a visitor completes a poll using the Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the same poll does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.
_hjMinimizedPolls
Set once a visitor minimises a Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimised when the visitor navigates through the site.
_hjDoneTestersWidgets
Set once a visitor submits their information in the Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the same form does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.
_hjMinimizedTestersWidgets
Set once a visitor minimises a Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimised when the visitor navigates through the site.
_hjIncludedInSample
Set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.
_hjShownFeedbackMessage
Set when a visitor minimises or completes Incoming Feedback. This is done so that the Incoming Feedback will load as minimized immediately if they navigate to another page where it is set to show.
ai_user
Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. Stores a unique identifier to recognise users on returning visits over time.
Mc
This cookie is associated with Quantserve to anonymously track how users interact with the website.
Marketing cookies and other technologies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks.
These cookies allow us to personalise advertising for you and serve ads related to your interests both within the Kennel Club website and beyond our site. Without these cookies you may receive ads that are not relevant to your interests.
These cookies are not essential and we will therefore request your consent before placing these cookies.
Cookie
Purpose
_fbp
fr
tr
Facebook Custom Audience Pixel
To provide targeted advertising on Facebook. This cookie will help deliver our advertising to people who have already visited our website when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook Advertising. Please see below for further information.
A custom audience pixel is a tiny piece of java script code that we have incorporated into each of our web pages. This piece of code provides a series of functions for transmitting application-specific events and user-defined data to Facebook. We use custom audience pixels to record information about the way visitors use our website. For this reason, each of our web pages contains a custom audience pixel. This pixel records information about the user’s browser session, which it sends to Facebook, along with a hashed version of the Facebook ID and the URL viewed. Every Facebook user has a unique device-independent Facebook ID that allows us to address and recognise users across a range of devices using the Facebook social network, so that we can address our visitors for commercial purposes using Facebook ads. The user information will be deleted after 180 days, until the user visits our website again.
“Custom Audience from Your Website” respects your privacy. Thus, no personal information about individual visitors to the website will be disclosed to the Kennel Club and The Kennel Club can only advertise to website customer target groups in a targeted way once the customer target group has reached a critical mass. This makes it impossible for The Kennel Club to discover the identity of individual visitors.
GoogleAds
Google Ads Pixel
To provide targeted advertising in Google searches, this pixel allows us to personalise ads based on your experience on our services in order to provide ads tailored for each specific recipient. A remarketing tag pixel uses your IP address as the unique identifier; however, it will not contain data such as your name, home address or phone number.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting Google's Ads Settings or the Google Marketing Platform opt-out page. Alternatively you can control the use of device identifiers by using your device’s settings.
_gcl_au
Used by Google Ad Sense for advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick and stores information about how you use the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them.
test_cookie
Used by Google Doubleclick to check if the user’s browser supports cookies.
Youtube
To provide targeted advertising on YouTube.
PREF
Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Used to estimate the users' internet connection bandwidth.
YSC
Contains a unique identifier given to site visitor when viewing a video. Allows to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube users have watched.
Twitter
To provide targeted advertising on Twitter.
Paid Display
To personalise adverts shown to you via the Kennel Club websites and other websites based on your interactions with The Kennel Club (e.g. what pages and products you look at).
__qca
This cookie is associated with Quantcast and is used for collecting anonymised data to analyse log data from different websites to create reports that enables the website owners and advertisers provide ads for the appropriate audience segments.
mc
This cookie is associated with Quantserve and is used for collecting anonymised data on the user’s visits to the website, such as what pages have been loaded. The data is used for providing appropriate ads.
recordID
Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping cart. This is used to provide targeted ads and product promotions.
In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Third party access to the cookies
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
The cookies we use will only be accessed by us and those third parties named in the table above for the purposes referred to in this cookie policy. Those cookies will not be accessed by any other third party.
Email tracking
Some emails we send we track, at an individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on the email. We do not use this information at a personal level, rather we use it to understand open and click rates on our emails to try and improve them. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked then you should opt out of our emails which you can do via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send.
How to turn off all cookies and consequences of doing so
If you do not want to accept any cookies, you may be able to change your browser settings so that cookies (including those which are essential to the services requested) are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of our website.
For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the guidance on cookies published by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
How to contact us
Please email our Data Protection Team if you have any questions about this cookie policy or the information we hold about you.
Changes to this policy
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time. Any changes we make in the future will be posted on our website at https://www.thekennelclub.org.uk/policies/cookie-policy/. Please check back regularly to see any updates or changes to this policy.
Search The Kennel Club
Go