http://www.redbullxalps.com/privacy-policy.html
POLICY CENTER
Privacy Policy
General Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Brand Protection
Fraud Warning
Privacy Policy
If you are a user from other than the United States, please see the policy below under B.:
Updated and Effective on Jul 16, 2020
If you are a user from the United States, see the following terms:
A. Privacy Policy for users from the United States:
1. Introduction
1.1. This Red Bull GmbH Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets out how Red Bull GmbH whose offices are at Am Brunnen 1, 5330 Fuschl am See, AUSTRIA (hereinafter “Red Bull GmbH”, "we", "us", "our") collects and processes personal information about you when you, among other things, visit our website, use our applications on mobile phones or other consumer electronic devices, apply for a job or access our social media experiences or other experiences where this Policy is posted (the "Properties"). By continuing to use any of these Properties, you consent to your personal information being collected, processed and/or shared in accordance with this Policy.
1.2. For information about our state-specific privacy obligations, see Section 9 of this Policy.
2. Categories and Sources of Information Collected
2.1. Some of the information we collect about you in connection with your use of the Properties may qualify as “Personal Information,” which is any information that itself identifies you or could reasonably be associated with you individually. Examples of Personal Information include your name, email address, phone number, device identifier. or IP address.
2.2. You may actively give us Personal Information, including when you, among other things, use one of our Properties; create an account ("Account") with us; subscribe to a newsletter; purchase a game, product or service; participate in a contest or sweepstakes; respond to a customer survey; email us; post in a public forum and/or use our chat/message functionality.
2.3. The Personal Information that you provide may include personal identifiers such as your name, gender, date of birth, email address, telephone number, delivery address, billing address and payment information, log-in information and password. We may collect your age to comply with laws that restrict activities and information collection and disclosure of data for minors. When you contact us by telephone or through email, we may collect Personal Information in the form of audio recordings or electronic records. When you engage in transactions with us, we collect commercial information such as records of goods or services purchased or considered, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Note also that information you disclose in public chat and similar forums is accessible by anyone, including parties not bound by this Policy. In connection with participating in events, filming, winning prizes or other limited circumstances, we may from time to time also collect other types of information, including Social Security number, other government identification information, educational information, or medical or health information about you.
2.4. When you visit one of our Properties, we may also automatically collect internet use information and/or other electronic network activity information, which could include your IP address; geolocation data (for example, via GPS or WiFi); browser type and version; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system and platform; the URL clickstream to, through and from our Properties; products and/or content you viewed or searched for within our Properties; download errors; length of visits to certain pages and page interaction and, in the case of our mobile applications, the other applications you have downloaded and how you use those applications. We collect information automatically through the use of various technologies, including through "cookies", as explained further in Section 8 below.
2.5. We may also acquire your Personal Information (including personal identifiers and commercial transaction information) from other trusted external sources (including, for example, platforms that sell tickets to our events, co-marketing partners, event partners, advertising networks, search information providers, credit reference agencies, social media platforms and other business partners) and from other Red Bull entities and affiliates. We acquire this information to update or supplement the Personal Information you provided or we collected automatically. Note that this includes Personal Information from your social media account when you grant us access to your social media account in connection with, for example, creating an Account with us. Where permitted by law, we may combine this Personal Information we receive from other sources with Personal Information you give to us or that we collect about you and use it to draw inferences about you as a consumer. We do not collect your racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation or biometric information, unless we explicitly inform you of such collection at the time of collection and obtain your consent.
2.6. If you have created an Account on one of our Properties, you may be able to obtain a copy of some of the Personal Information we collect from you via your Account and correct, amend or delete your Personal Information. You may also close your Account altogether. When you close your Account, we may retain some Personal Information if necessary to comply with legal obligations or to exercise a right provided for by law.
2.7. It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit true, accurate and complete information via your Account and keep it up to date. Before we are able to respond to your request, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide further details about your request. We will endeavor to respond within an appropriate timeframe and, in any event, within any timeframes required by law.
3. How We Use, Share and Disclose your Information and For What Purposes
3.1. We may use your Personal Information for the purposes of enabling you to use our Properties, enabling us to fulfill orders you make (such as for products, services or newsletters), to send you marketing materials and provide personalized content and experiences. We may also use the Personal Information we collect: (i) to administer our Properties, including troubleshooting purposes; (ii) optimize or improve our products, services, operations and Properties; (iii) as part of our effort to keep our Properties safe and secure; (iv) to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; (v) to communicate with you about your Account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our Properties or changes to our policies; (vi) to provide you with advertising based on your activity on our Properties and on other sites and applications; (vii) to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Properties about goods or services that may interest you or them and (viii) to detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
3.2. We may share your information with our Red Bull entities and affiliates and the other parties described in this Policy. We may share your information with others: (1) when we use a service provider to facilitate or offer our services; (2) when explicitly requested by you (e.g., with social media networks); (3) when required by a court order or any legal or regulatory requirement; (4) in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets; (5) to ensure compliance with, and enforce, our Terms of Use; (6) to ensure the safety and security of our users, consumers and others and (7) to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of others.
3.3. To provide and support the Properties, sometimes we use external companies as service providers that work on our behalf to transmit, collect, process or store information for us. We require these service providers to treat the Personal Information we share with them as confidential and to use it only for the purpose of providing the services for which they have been engaged. These service providers fall into the following categories: Billing and collection providers; Auditing and accounting firms; Professional services consultants; Analytics services; Security vendors and IT vendors.
3.4. We may also share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes where we think the third party offers products or services that may be of interest to you. See Section 4 below for your options regarding the sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for third-party marketing purposes. To learn what categories of your Personal Information we may share with third parties for their marketing purposes, please see Section 2 of this Policy.
4. User Choice, Including How to Opt In or Opt Out from Direct Marketing
4.1. As noted above, we and selected third parties with whom we share your Personal Information, may use your information for direct marketing purposes, including to provide updates, newsletters, events or other communications that we think may interest you. Where required by law, your prior consent will be obtained before we send direct marketing. In any event, we offer you the option to unsubscribe from electronic marketing materials. If you do not wish us to share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes, please contact us here.
5. Data Security and Retention
5.1. We apply reasonable security measures to protect Personal Information that is under our control from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal. We offer no guarantees or warranties related to such protection and are not responsible for any such unauthorized activity. We will notify you in compliance with applicable law regarding data breach. Where you have a password that enables you to access our Properties, you are responsible for keeping this password secure and confidential.
6. Links to Other Websites
6.1. Where we provide links to other websites or services, we do so for information purposes only. The other websites and services are outside our control and are not covered by this Policy. If you access other websites or services using the links provided, the operators of these websites and services may collect information from you and use that information in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. By accessing an external website or link from our Properties, you hereby release us from any and all liability for your use of such website or link.
6.2. On some pages of our Properties, third parties that provide content, services, applications or plug-ins may track your use of such content, services, applications and plug-ins, or they may customize such content, services, applications and plug-ins for you consistent with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours.
7. Use of Properties by Minors
7.1. The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our Properties requiring the submission of Personal Information are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed Personal Information to us please contact us at Contact Us. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child's Personal Information as well as prohibit the use of that information.
8. Online Tracking - Cookies and Other Technologies
8.1.
A “cookie” is a text file containing small amounts of information that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that distinguishes your computer but does not name you. Some of our Properties use cookies to better serve you when you return to the Property. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies; however, if you do this, some of the features of our Properties may not work properly. You may also be able to reject certain cookies served through our Properties by opting out on the website of the third party placing the cookie, which you can identify through your browser.
8.2. We use or allow trusted third parties and service providers to use tracking technologies (e.g., cookies, web beacons or similar technologies) to collect information about your browsing activities, which may include Personal Information, so that online advertisers can serve you advertising that better reflects your interests (“Interest-Based Ads”) and so we can better understand how people use our Properties. You can learn more about Interest-Based Ads or you can request that advertisers stop using tracking technologies for these purposes. You can learn more about ad serving companies and the options available to limit their collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 and the Digital Advertising Alliance . You can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your Apple or Android device. Please note that opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Services or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of Interest-Based Ads from third parties that do not participate in these programs. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms. If you delete your cookies, you may also delete your opt-out preferences.
8.3. We may also use local shared objects, sometimes known as “Flash cookies,” to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Our advertisers and service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store Personal Information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. You can learn more about how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies by visiting https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. If you disable Flash cookies, you will not have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
8.4. “Web beacons” are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites. Web beacons may involve the transmission of Personal Information directly to us, to another party on our behalf or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use Web beacons to bring together Personal Information we collect about you. We may use tools provided by other companies to make the advertising we show you on our Properties and/or our partner websites more relevant and interesting to you. For this purpose, we use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing behavior, and deliver Interest-Based Ads to you.
8.5. Certain browsers may offer you the option of providing notice to websites that you do not wish for your online activities to be tracked for preference-based advertising purposes (“DNT Notice”). For a variety of reasons, we do not take any action based on browser based DNT Notices. Rather, if you do not wish to participate in preference-based advertising activities, you should follow the opt-out processes identified above.
8.6. Certain browsers may offer you the option of providing notice to websites that you do not wish for your online activities to be tracked for preference based advertising purposes (“DNT Notice”). For a variety of reasons, we do not take any action based on browser based DNT Notices. Rather, if you do not wish to participate in preference based advertising activities, you should follow the simple opt-out processes identified above.
9. Special Information for California Residents
9.1. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information, as well as rights to access and control Personal Information. Certain information we collect may be exempt from the CCPA because it is considered public information (because it is made available by a government entity) or covered by a federal privacy rule. To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices and your rights are described below.
Right to Information Regarding the Categories of Data Collected, Sold and Disclosed
You have a right to receive information regarding the Categories of Personal Information we collect, sell or otherwise disclose. You also have the right to receive information regarding the sources of personal information we collect, the purposes for which we collected it and the third parties and service providers with whom we shared it. That information is provided to you in this Policy. Please see Section 2 above.
Right to Access Information
You have the right to request access to specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you. We are required to verify your identify before we can act on your request.
Right to Request Deletion of Information
You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected directly from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identify before we can act on your request. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Right to Information Regarding Participation in Data Sharing for Financial Incentives
We may run promotions from time to time whereby we incentivize a consumer to share certain pieces of information with us; for example, we may offer a one-time discount if consumers sign up for our email marketing list. Participation in these incentives is voluntary and you may opt out of the data sharing at any time.
Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties
You have the right to opt out of any sale of Personal Information by Red Bull to third parties. To exercise this right, please visit our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the data only for that function.
Right to Information about Certain Third-Party Disclosures
Residents of the State of California also have the right to request information regarding third parties to whom the company has disclosed certain categories of Personal Information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
How to Submit a Request
You may submit a request to exercise your rights through any one of three means:
1) By contacting us through our website.
2) By calling us at +1 (855) 997-1970.
We may share any of the Personal Information we collect with service providers, which are external parties that we engage for business purposes and are restricted from using Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement. The categories of service providers with whom we share information are described in Section 3.3 of this Policy. We also share the IP address, Device ID and browser activity with select third party advertising partners to allow them to provide custom advertising to you. We may also disclose information to other external parties who are not listed here when required by law or to protect Red Bull or other persons, as described in this Policy.
9.2.If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any of our Properties, California law permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. Please contact us at https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy and include a detailed description of the specific content or information. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
9.3.California law also permits California residents to request a list of the third parties that during the preceding calendar year received Personal Information from Red Bull for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy to send us a description of the specific content or information you are seeking.
10. Changes to this Policy
A notice will be posted on our Properties for 30 days whenever there are material changes to this Policy. By continuing to use our Properties you confirm your acceptance of the updated Policy.
11. Contact Us
If you have a question, concern or complaint about this Policy or our handling of your information, you can contact us.
B. Privacy Policy for users from other than the United States:
1 Introduction
1.1 This Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets out how the company named in the imprint (hereinafter “Red Bull GmbH”, "we", "us", "our") collects and processes personal information about you when you visit our website ("Website"), use our mobile applications and games ("App"), attend or participate in one of our events or visit one of our restaurants. By continuing to use this Website or App, you confirm that you have read this Policy.
1.2 If we change anything important about this Policy (the information we collect, how we use it or why we use it) we will highlight those changes at the top of the Policy and provide a prominent link to it for 30 days following the change and prior to the change taking effect.
2 Information we collect
2.1 Information you give us. You may give us information, including information that can identify you ("personal information"), when you use our Website, correspond with us, enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys, post on our websites, subscribe to receive our newsletter, purchase our goods or services, book events via the Website, create an account or use our Apps or when you communicate with us and at us through one of our social media platforms, for example through our chatbot tools. Where we request required information from you, we will collect the information contained in the relevant forms or pages. You may choose to provide additional information to us when you contact us or otherwise interact with us.
2.2 If you are a regular user of our Website or App, you may wish to create an Account ("Account") with us. The information that you provide when setting up your Account may include your name, Account username, email address, gender, country of residence, telephone number or if applicable, your social media credentials. If you register to hold an Account with us, you will also create a unique password, which enables you to access your Account. We will also collect information regarding your favourite content on our Apps and Website (such as video you like) and information relating to content you have selected for offline access (such as videos on our Apps which you download to watch later).
2.3 If you purchase any games, services, apps (including in-app purchases) or other goods on our Website, we will also collect your delivery address, billing address and payment information. Please note that we will not be storing your payment information, this will be done via a third-party payments company.
2.4 If you visit one of our restaurants, we may also collect information about your preferences associated with your restaurant visit, such as dietary requirements or your visit preferences.
2.5 If you subscribe to receive one of our newsletters or receive other forms of direct communications from us, then you may provide us with your name, email address, gender, date of birth and interests.
2.6 When you use our Websites or Apps, we may use your personal information to create specialised recommendations to enhance your user experience. This can include recommending content for you to watch based on your viewing history or Facebook "likes" and interests (as applicable). We will not collect your Facebook, Twitter or Google+ username or password, but we may collect details from these websites that confirm whether you are logged-in to the App using your Facebook, Twitter or Google+ accounts. This information is used to access and extract certain information about you from your Facebook, Twitter or Google+ profiles to enhance your user experience and provide you with meaningful content. This is information that you make available to the public on your profile. We do not access your personal account settings.
2.7 With your consent, our Apps may make use of GPS tracking in order to provide you with location-based functions and the Apps may also access the photos and videos that you store on your mobile device to allow you to upload videos and photos for use within the Apps. Finally, the Apps may use push notifications to send you notifications, for example, the App may send you a notification when another player beats your high score. When you first use the App, you will be asked if you want to activate these functions in your settings menu. If you choose not to activate these functions, or to deactivate them later on, you may not be able to use the App's full scope of services.
2.8 Information we collect automatically. When you visit our Website, use our Apps, we may automatically collect the following information: your IP address, log-in information, location information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, information about your visit including the URL clickstream to, through and from our Website, your advertising ID (if this is supported by your device such as an Apple product or Google product),products you viewed or searched for, videos you have accessed, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page and App interactions, media download for offline access, screen resolution, device processing power and memory, playback errors and buffering issues, user behaviour such as length of Apps use, and unique device identifiers (for example an IMEI address (a unique number assigned to mobile phones that is used by GSM networks to help them identify valid mobile devices)). We collect information automatically through the use of various technologies, including through "cookies" and "web beacons".
2.9 We may also collect information about you through our security systems when you visit our premises or attend our events.
2.10 Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you from other sources if you use any of the other services we provide on our Website, our Apps, or from other Red Bull entities and affiliates. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business and/or sponsorship partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them (including information that is publicly available).
3 Why we use your information
3.1 We use the information we collect in order to provide you with the best possible experience when you access our Website and Apps and engage with us, including by using our services and products. This includes using your information for the following purposes:
•
(a) providing and improving our products and services: we use your information in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested, including when making a purchase, booking an event, sending you confirmation emails or contacting you regarding your Account. We use your information to improve and adapt our Website, Apps, products and services to better suit the behaviours and technical capabilities of our users;
•
(b) creating and managing your Account: we use your information in order to create your Account and manage our relationship with you. We also use your information to communicate with you regarding your Account and our services;
•
(c) administering the Website and Apps: we use your information in order to administer our Website and Apps for internal operations, including troubleshooting purposes and to understand any errors you may encounter when using our Website and Apps;
•
(d) improving use and content of our web pages and Apps: we use your information in order to improve the content of our web pages and Apps and ensure that it is presented in the most effective manner for you and your devices;
•
(e) safety and security: we use information collected on our Website and Apps as part of our efforts to keep our Website and Apps safe and secure and to help manage and administer our IT systems. We use information collected through our security systems to help keep our premises and individuals attending our events safe and secure.
•
(f) marketing: we use your information in order to communicate with you and keep you up to date with our activities and events and those of third parties that you may be interested in and to make suggestions and recommendations to you on our Website and Apps about goods or services that may interest you. We will provide you with this information via email (subject to your prior consent if legally required), push notifications on our Apps, personalised notifications on our websites, targeted ads on our Website and Apps and third party platforms, text, social media or telephone;
•
(g) online advertising: we use your information in order to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you. We also use your information when communicating with you through social media in order to build and maintain our social media brand;
•
(h) personalising and tailoring your experience: where permitted by law, we may combine information we receive from third party sources, including from social media websites, with information you give to us and information we collect about you, including cookie and web beacon information. We may use this information and the combined information for learning more about your preferences as our customer, for enhancing your user experience on our Website and Apps and for providing you with information, content and offerings tailored to your needs;
•
(i) providing a consistent experience across devices and platforms: we will match information collected from and provided by you on one device or platform with information collected from and provided by you on other devices and platforms;
•
(j) providing customer service and managing any complaints or requests: we may use your information in order to provide you with a more efficient customer care service and managing any complaints or requests on your behalf;
•
(k) to make necessary disclosures and law enforcement: we may use your information in order to make necessary disclosures in response requests which We are legally required to comply with, to law enforcement or regulatory authority, body or agency or in the defence of a legal claims. Furthermore, to enforce our Terms and Conditions and/or this Policy; and
•
(l) administering a sale, transfer or reorganisation of one of our business entities.
4 Legal grounds for using your information
4.1 Our processing of your personal information will be based on a variety of legal grounds, including:
•
(a) where you have provided your consent: for example, we require your consent in order to process your personal information for direct marketing activities, when using technology such as cookies or when processing special categories of data such as your dietary requirements;
•
(b) where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract: for example, to allow us to facilitate an event booking, deliver goods you have ordered on our web shop or facilitate an in-App purchase;
•
(c) where we need to comply with a legal obligation: for example, we may need to disclose your data to a law enforcement agency or to your or our representatives acting in a legal dispute; and
•
(d) where the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests: this includes, for example, to: (1) provide our products and services to you; (2) ensure your Account is adequately protected and to ensure that our Website, Apps, network and information technology are secure and are being used in an appropriate manner; (3) better understand how you use our products, services Apps and Website and to make improvements; (4) research and analyse the products and services you want; (5) tailor our content, marketing, promotions and offers to those more relevant to your interests; (6) maintain a profile on both traditional and social media; (7) efficiently communicate and conduct social analytics and content performance on social media; (8) provide security over our business and who we partner with and to monitor the areas around and within our premises to safeguard our employees, customers and members of the public against wrongdoing or criminal activity; (9) develop and maintain relationships with vendors, partners and other companies and dealing with individuals who work for them; (10) to remain aware of updated market practice to ensure that we are offering a service which is competitive and meets the expectations of our customers; and (11) determine the effectiveness of advertising on our Website, Apps and on partner websites. In some jurisdictions, this type of processing requires consent. We will obtain your consent where we are legally required do so.
5 How we share and disclose your information
5.1 We may share your information with our affiliates
for the purposes outlined at section 3 of this Policy and with third parties, which include third party online platforms, social media platforms, organisations providing a service to us or acting as our agents, including, but not limited to, sub-contractors (including their agents) and professional advisers, advertising agencies, ad networks, IT suppliers, database providers, backup and disaster recovery specialists, email providers and other service providers necessary for improving our products and services.
5.2 We will:
•
(a) share aggregated, anonymised or other de-identified data with advertisers, advertising networks and social networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We will also use aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target;
•
(b) make use of the personal information we have collected from you to help our advertisers display their advertisements to a target audience and to present our promotional messages to you. This means you will be presented with advertisements that are more relevant to you as a result of the personal information we hold about you; and
•
(c) share your personal data with and access information from analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website and Apps for better personalisation of content and advertising.
5.3 Our suppliers and service providers will be required to meet our standards on processing information and security. The information we provide them, including your personal information, will only be provided in connection with the performance of their function. They will not be permitted to use your personal data for any purposes other than those outlined in this Policy.
6 How to opt in or opt out of direct marketing
6.1 We, and selected third parties, may use the information you give us on our Website and through our Apps for direct marketing purposes to provide updates, newsletters, information about events or other communications that we think may interest you.
6.2 Where required by law, your prior consent will be obtained before we send you direct marketing. In any event, we will offer you the option to unsubscribe in every communication sent.
6.3 You may object to receiving direct marketing from us at any time by contacting us by email at the email address detailed below in section 17 or selecting the unsubscribe option in our email communications.
7 Analysis and advertising tools
7.1 To ensure our online advertising is tailored and interesting for you, we analyse your behaviour on our sites, partner websites, our Apps and your interactions with us. For example, we track when you click articles or our adverts (which are on our websites and third party websites), when you interact with us on social media (by mentioning us or our products), when you directly communicate with us (which may include communicating with our chatbot tools which are used across social media), when you buy tickets to one of our events, when you buy products from us, when you attend our events, when you open and interact with our marketing communications and where you have come from to visit our Website or download our Apps.
8 Cookies and other technologies
8.1 We collect information automatically through the use of "cookies". Cookies may be set by us, or they may be set by third parties. A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that distinguishes your computer but does not name you. Some of our Website pages use cookies to better serve you when you return to the Website. You can decide which Cookies we activate in our Cookie Settings .
8.2 We also make use of "web beacons" also commonly known as "single pixel GIFs", "clear GIFs" or "tags". Web beacons are small graphic images that may be included on our Website. Web beacons allow us optimise our products and services and provide us and third-party partners with analytics information, such as how many visitors our Website receives. We may also use web beacons in our email correspondence to determine whether you open them or take any further action. We also work with other organisations to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. We do this to helps us develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Red Bull website results in a purchase or other interaction on the advertiser's website.
8.3 For our Apps, we collect information automatically through the use of unique device identifiers ("IDs"). An ID is a specific string of numbers and letters (a "character string") which is assigned to your device, but does not name you. The ID allows us and our selected third parties to track your behaviour when you use the App. Almost every App uses ID technology. IDs serve a number of purposes such as remembering your preferences, and generally improving your user experience. IDs may tell us, for example, whether you have used our Apps before or whether you are a new user. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see through the Apps are more relevant to you and your interests. This functionality makes IDs extremely useful to improve your user experience.
9 Links to other websites and social media
9.1 Where we provide links to other websites, we do so for information purposes only. The other websites are outside our control and are not covered by this Policy. If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
9.2 In some pages of our Website, third parties that provide content, applications or plug-ins through our Website may track your use of content, applications and plug-ins or customize content, applications and plug-ins for you. For example, when you share an article using a social media sharing button on our Website (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, or Google Plus), the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this.
10 Data retention
10.1 We will not retain your information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal or regulatory requirements.
10.2 We will retain your information for as long as you have an Account with Red Bull and for a period of time thereafter if it is necessary to meet our legal obligations, such as retaining the information for tax and accounting purposes. We retain your information in accordance with our internal data retention procedures.
10.3 If you object or opt-out of receiving direct marketing communications from us, we will remove your contact details and marketing permissions to ensure that you do not receive any future marketing communications from us. Also, we will not delete personal data if relevant to an investigation or a dispute. It will continue to be stored until those issues are fully resolved.
10.4 In all cases, we will continue to protect your personal data in accordance with the terms of this Policy. We will also routinely refresh our information to ensure we keep it up-to-date.
11 Your rights
11.1 Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights, in certain circumstances, in relation to your personal information:
•
(a) Right to access your personal information. If you wish to obtain a copy of the personal information that we hold about you, please contact us at the email address stated below. Before responding to your request, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide further details about your request. We will endeavour to respond within an appropriate timeframe and, in any event, within any timescales required by law.
•
(b) Right to rectify, erase or restrict the processing of your personal information. If you wish to rectify, erase or restrict the processing of your personal information please contact us at the email address stated below. It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit true, accurate and complete information to us and keep this information up to date.
•
(c) Right to withdraw consent. Where you have provided your consent to processing, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the email address stated below in section 17.
•
(d) Right to data portability. You can ask us to help you move some of your information to other companies. To help with that you have a right to ask that we provide your information in an easily readable format to another company. You can email your request to the email address stated below.
•
(e) Right to object. You can object to the way we process your personal information or object to direct marketing based on profiling where this is based on legitimate interests, by emailing your request to the email address stated below.
•
(f) Right not to be subject to an automated decision (see section 12 below for more details).
•
(g) Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. You can get in touch with your local regulator if you have a complaint in relation to how we handle your personal information.
11.2 If you have chosen to have an Account then you can access the personal information we hold about you via your Account to obtain a copy of it and to correct, amend, or delete information that is inaccurate. You can also close your Account at any time.
11.3 If you would like to exercise any of your rights listed above, you can contact us at the email address detailed in section 17.
12 Profiling
12.1 We may use your data in order to try and learn more about you so that we can aim to better predict what products and services you may be interested in.
12.2 On some of our e-commerce websites, we engage service providers who use automated decision making in order to verify your address and assess your creditworthiness. This allows us to ensure we use correct address data and to evaluate the risk of non-payment for our products and services.
13 Information security
13.1 We apply physical, technical and administrative measures to protect your personal information that is under our control from unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers.
13.2 Where you have a password, which enables you to access our Website or App, you are responsible for keeping this password secure and confidential.
14 International transfers
14.1 Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. While we generally store all of the personal information that we collect about you through our Website or App in your region (for example for European visitors, in the European Economic Area), it is possible that your personal information will be transmitted to parties outside your region (where data protection laws may be different e.g. in the United States) including our affiliates.
14.2 If such transfer happens, we have implemented safeguards and data protection solutions to ensure your information is adequately protected in any third countries e.g. by using standard contractual clauses or relying on Privacy Shield where relevant. If you would like to obtain the details of such safeguards, you can request these by contacting us by email detailed in section 17.
15 Use of this Website or of our Apps by minors
15.1 By using this Website or App, you confirm that you are over the age of 16. For this Website or App, if you are aged 16 or under, you must seek your parent's/guardian's permission beforehand. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with information and, in the event that they do so, we will cease to process their information as soon as we find out.
16 Changes to the Policy
16.1 This Policy was last updated on Nov 17, 2020. A notice will be displayed for 30 days whenever this Policy is changed in a material way. By continuing to use our Website or App, you confirm your acceptance of the relevant changes.
17 Questions, Concerns, Complaints about this Policy and DPO Contact Details
17.1 If you have a question, concern or complaint about this Policy or our handling of your information, you can contact us: https://www.redbull.com/int-en/energydrink/data-privacy-form.
Visit RedBull.com
Watch RedBull.tv
Contact
© 2019 Red Bull