http://www.advancedaquarist.com/privacy/
Privacy StatementWelcome to the Reefs.com web site Reefs.com (the “Site”) provided to you by Reefs.com its affiliate and subsidiary companies (“Reefs.com, us or we). This Privacy Statement addresses Reefs.com practices regarding information collected from users of the Site, including those who independently advertise and sell products on the Site (Vendors), and only addresses information collected directly through or from the Site it does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from the user (sometimes referred to as a visitor, “you” or “your”) other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. Reefs.com can be contacted at [admin@reefs.com]. This Privacy Statement is incorporated into Reefs.com’ Terms and Conditions by reference, as if set forth fully therein, which must be reviewed and accepted by you.1. Collection of Personal Information from Site VisitorsExcept as specifically set forth herein, Reefs.com may collect or track (a) the home server domain names, date and time of your visit, type of computer, the originating IP address, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site; (b) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with Reefs.com via e-mail; (c) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration or membership forms, contest entries, surveys, e-mail, and other online avenues (including, without limitation, demographic and personal profile data); (d) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages a user accesses; and (e) financial information provided by a user, including credit card number and billing address, retained by our payments processing dealer only in order to process credit card payments to Reefs.com. Specifically, and in order to register as a Reefs.com Vendor and/or to access certain features of the Site, you may be required to provide additional personal information about you and your company such as your name, address and other relevant personal information in your registration profile in order to obtain registration and/or to provide goods and/or services. In order to utilize some features of the Site, users may have to pay a fee, and thus additional financial information will be required at the time of purchase. Reefs.com may collect the tax identification number, credit information, billing address and other information from any Vendor to participate in certain programs and features of the Site, such as the Vendor . If you do not wish to provide such information to the Site, you will be unable to register and/or to provide or obtain products or services from the Site. If you do not wish to provide such information to the Site, you will be unable to register and/or provide or obtain products or services in connection with the Site.Reefs.com may place Internet cookies on your hard drive. Internet cookies are small amounts of data that contain a unique identifier that many web sites frequently send to your web browser to be stored on your computers hard drive in order to save data about you, such as your name, password, user-name, screen preferences, and the pages of a site you have viewed. When you revisit the Site, Reefs.com may recognize you by your Internet cookies and customize your experience accordingly. You may decline Internet cookies by using the appropriate feature of your Web browser software, if available.Reefs.com may also use Web bugs to gather, store, and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on the Site. A Web bug is a file object, which can be a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel graphics file, which is placed on a Web page or in an e-mail message to monitor user activity. A Web bug can gather, for example, the IP address of your computer, the time the Web page was viewed, and the type of browser used.When a visitor performs a search within the Site, Reefs.com may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed and recording information related to the search request.2. Use of Personal Information CollectedPersonal information collected by Reefs.com may be used by Reefs.com for many reasons, for example, for recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, marketing and promotional purposes, statistical analysis of users behavior, product development, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data on visitors home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Reefs.com may be added to Reefs.com databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events.As a benefit to registered users, including Vendors, Reefs.com may include a users name and relevant personal information in his or her profile. If you are or become registered on the Site, you agree that your name and certain registration information provided to Reefs.com may be made publicly available on the Site through your profile. You have the right to specify whether certain other personal information in your profile is publicly available or not. From time to time, we may need to contact you for registration-related activities (e.g., renewal notices, etc.). You agree that we may use your personal information for such membership-related contacts with you. We may also desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. You will have the option of not being contacted by Reefs.com and opting-out of such contacts by setting the appropriate option in your profile.Without limiting the foregoing, Reefs.com reserves the right to monitor all communications posted to the Site, including through its Reefer Ratings and Private Messages features and other general areas of the Site. Such voluntary information posted by you may be collected and used by Reefs.com in accordance with this Privacy Statement.3. Disclosure of Personal Information to Third PartiesPersonal information provided through the Site, including the sharing of certain information with and from Vendors may be used and disclosed other entities and/or business partners in the operation of the Site, in order to provide products and services requested and for marketing and promotional purposes. Without limiting the foregoing, financial information may be maintained and housed by our payments processing center dealer, PayPal, for the purpose of processing payments and conducting related transactions. Aggregate data on users home servers and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers, may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms. Any personal information provided by you on the Reefer Ratings and Private Messages features, or other general areas of the Site, may be read by Reefs.com and/or other users, and could potentially be used by such third parties.Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which Reefs.com enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by Reefs.com in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of Reefs.com or any other person or entity.While Reefs.com may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which Reefs.com shares, rents, sells, or otherwise discloses personal information is under a contractual obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which Reefs.com exercises no control. Reefs.com is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties.4. Security Measures and Communicating with Reefs.com Reefs.com has contracted with PayPal in order to provide credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers. For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Paypal Privacy Policy.Reefs.com has implemented physical, electronic and procedural security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Despite Reefs.com efforts to protect your personal information, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Reefs.com via this Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the Site content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, Reefs.com is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with Reefs.com via e-mail or the Internet, visitors can contact Reefs.com by regular mail at 808 Broadway 3D, NY, NY 10003, or by phone at ( 646 )334-1271.In addition, to protect your personal information, never share your password with anyone, and if you feel that your password has been discovered, you should change it immediately by logging on to the Site and accessing your profile to change your password or by contacting us at admin@reefs.com.5. Links to Other Sites and Financial InformationThe Site may also contain links to other sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties, including sites that enable you to purchase products and services, such as those of Vendors. If you access a third party site from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that site is not subject to this Privacy Statement. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. Reefs.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such sites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other web sites. Reefs.com does not control these third parties use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites, advertisers and any third parties.6. Opt-Out RightExcept as necessary to obtain the products, services, or information requested, you may opt out of having your personal information, which has been voluntarily provided to Reefs.com through online forms, membership or registration forms and profiles or the Reefer Ratings or Private Messages features, contest entries, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenues, prospectively retained by Reefs.com, used by Reefs.com for secondary purposes, or disclosed by Reefs.com to third parties, by contacting Reefs.com via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses set out above. This provision does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description in this Section 6.7. Comments, Notices and User ContentAny materials or comments, including profiles, posted to any of our Web pages are public. Please refer to Section 6 of the Terms and Conditions for further detail concerning User Content and other materials submitted to the Site. As such, Reefs.com assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information, no duty to update or correct such information, and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise.8. Privacy of ChildrenThe Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. It does not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors in this age group. All users must be at least 18 years of age in order to use the Site and to provide information to the Site.9. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal InformationUpon your request via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone, Reefs.com will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by Reefs.com that has been voluntarily provided by you to Reefs.com through online forms, registration forms, contest entries, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or update your personal information by contacting Reefs.com via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone at the addresses or numbers above.10. Right to Change Privacy StatementReefs.com may change this Privacy Statement at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement, as well as the location of the new or revised statement, will be posted on the Site for at least twenty (20) days after the change. It is the obligation of users returning to the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made.11. Your California Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 provides you with the right to request certain information regarding disclosure of your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, including a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. In order to obtain such information, please email your request to [admin@manhattanreefs.com] or write us at the address above.Dated: Jan 30th 2011 Copyright Reefs.com 2014; All rights reserved.