http://www.hifiplus.com/terms/
HomeEquipment+NewsBlogsMusicBuyer'sGuidesBack Issues
Terms and Conditions
All content, design, and layout are Copyrights© 1999 - 2018 of hifiplus.com (Absolute Multimedia UK Ltd). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or part in any form or medium without specific written permission is prohibited
Registering with hifiplus.com: Updated policy NOVEMBER 2012
You can access equipment reviews, buyer's guides, the latest industry news and more without logging in. As part of your registration, you are automatically subscribed to hifiplus.com newsletters. If you wish to unsubscribe at any time, click on the "Unsubscribe" link from the e-mail and we will no longer send you e-mails from that publication.
Community Guidelines
These are important for establishing the kind of friendly and useful community that most people want. The Guidelines are updated from time to time, so please refer to them periodically.
Cookies on the hifiplus.com site
The hifiplus.com website requires session cookies to be enabled for proper operation.
Cookies and your e-mail address
When you registered with hifiplus.com, we stored a cookie on your computer with your e-mail address contained in it. This allowed us to associate you with any of our reviews you have downloaded, so that you will have automatic access to those reviews in the future. We do NOT use this cookie to track your individual browsing; tracking is aggregate only. Nor can any other site on the Internet view this cookie.
Your personal privacy and hifiplus.com
Browsing the hifiplus.com site is risk-free from a privacy perspective. We do not track the individual user's browsing activity, although we do collect aggregate statistics to determine which of our products attract the most interest. This information allows us to add product reviews and new product data in the areas most useful to you.
Purchasing from hifiplus.com
When you purchase a product from hifiplus.com, we will e-mail you a receipt of your purchase. Further purchases during the same browser session will retain your credit card information, but this information is never stored permanently. We may send you later mailings in connection with your purchase.
Your privacy is safe with us!
We do not make your information directly available to any third party but we do share your information among our sister publications.