https://www.whitsundayescape.com/privacy-policy/
Whitsunday Escape Disclaimer and Privacy Statement
© Copyright Whitsunday Escape 2018. All rights reserved.
The information in this site is provided as a guide only and may have been provided to Whitsunday Escape (WE) by third parties. Irrespective of any measures taken by Whitsunday Escape to check that the information is accurate or complete, in no event will Whitsunday Escape be liable to any person in contract, tort (including, but without limitation, negligence) or otherwise if any information on this site is incomplete or inaccurate. All prices are quoted in Australian dollars and include a 10% Goods and Services Tax. Your personal information will be used in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988.
Privacy & Security Statement
Whitsunday Escape is committed to protecting user privacy. We understand and appreciate that visitors and users of this website are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that may be provided.
When you visit the Whitsunday Escape website, our server makes a record of your visit and logs certain information for statistical purposes only. No attempt is or will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except, in the unlikely event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a power to inspect activity logs.
Cookies
We want to make our website easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
Whitsunday Escape uses cookies to track aspects of your visit, to aid us in delivering personalised webpage content and navigation to facilitate the best possible user experience.  WE also uses the cookies data to recognise you as a previous visitor to conveniently load relevant and saved information.
Google Analytics cookies on our site gather anonymous data such as geographic location, the method you used to reach this site, the length of your visit, the time of your visit, the pages that you visit and the keywords used to search while on the site.  If you don’t wish us to capture this information on your visit you can opt-out here.
Advertising cookies are used across the internet to deliver advertising that is more relevant to your interests. We place advertising cookies on our site that allow us and our partners to serve you relevant advertising content.
Personal Information
The types of personal information that we collect will depend on the nature of your dealings with us. For example, we may collect personal information directly from you when you:
Subscribe to a newsletter;
Request a quote;
Enter a promotion conducted by Whitsunday Escape;
Have business dealings with us.
In each case, we only collect the personal information that we need to carry out our specific functions.
Any personal information collected by Whitsunday Escape will only be made available to Whitsunday Escape personnel whose duties require them to use this information. We may disclose your personal information to third parties where it is necessary for our functions and activities. Examples of such third parties include external service providers such as IT organisations, marketing/advertising agencies or business partners with whom Whitsunday Escape has a formal contractual relationship with. Any personal information collected will also be disclosed if required by law.
By giving us your email address you provide consent for us to add you to the Whitsunday Escape mailing list for the purposes of emailing quotes and periodic marketing communication. We will not disclose these details to third parties without your consent unless required by law. Email messages may be monitored by our website support staff for system trouble shooting and maintenance purposes.
If you wish to access or alter any personal information we may have collected about you, or if you no longer want to receive marketing communication from us, you may request such by contacting us at reception@whitsundayescape.com.
Payments
Whitsunday Escape utilises a combination of industry standard security technologies, procedures and organisational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.
When you make a payment, your personal and financial details are protected by encryption technology. Your credit card details are not stored on our servers. Once the credit card details have been sent to our financial institution they are no longer known to our system.
User Generated Content
Whitsunday Escape displays User Generated Content (UGC) from social media platforms including; Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube on our website and other digital platforms. WE does not claim to have ownership to any of the images, videos or content posted through these channels. However, by posting to the WE official channels or tagging @whitsundayescape  or #whitsundayescape, you hereby grant WE a non-exclusive, royalty free, worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, perpetual licence to use, modify, delete from, add to, publicly display and/ or reproduce your content without limitation in any online media formats and through any social media channels, pages or accounts.
On the WE social media channels we will credit your name and / or business name but due to technical reasons, some of the UGC shared on the website may not be credited. You can revoke this licence at any time by contacting us via email at reception@whitsundayescape.com.
Furthermore, due to technical reasons, some of the UGC shared on the website may not always reviewed by WE before displaying on the site and does not necessary reflect the views of WE. If you find the content to be inappropriate or discriminatory, please contact us at reception@whitsundayescape.com to report the issue.