http://www.woodenheadwine.com/terms
Skip to main content
Terms
By accessing or using this site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms you may not use this site:
Privacy Policy
To process your purchase(s) we will collect your name, billing address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. The information you enter will be encrypted and protected by the Secure Socket Layer (SSL). This software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We are unable to process an order without the requested information. We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy and we will not sell or share your information with third parties. The site uses cookie and tracking technology to enable the wine allocation process.
If we send you an email announcement, you will find instructions on how to unsubscribe if you no longer wish to receive emails from us.
Shipment and Purchases
You warrant that you are at least 21-years-old when you place an order.
Upon the placement of your order please check your confirmation email immediately to be sure that your “ship to” address is correct. If your address is incorrect, please contact Woodenhead immediately. Once a package has been shipped, there will be a redirect fee charged to you should the address need to be changed while in transit.
Shipping costs from Woodenhead will not be refunded or credited under any circumstances, with one exception: At this time Woodenhead is not set up for customer pick-up of orders and shipping is always charged to the order. Under special circumstances, e.g. large orders from a local customer, shipping charges can be waived. In that event, a refund check from Woodenhead for the amount charged on the order will be issued at the time wine is picked up. All costs for return shipment of damaged wines will be paid by Woodenhead by issuance of a refund  check to the customer of the shipping costs.
It is the client’s responsibility to inspect products when they are received. Please report product damage to us immediately. Damage claims must be made within 3 days of package arrival. If a package somehow arrives entirely damaged, please do not accept the package and call us immediately. Woodenhead may require that damages winesWine be returned in its original condition with all packing materials.
During the checkout process, there is a checkbox labeled “I accept the following terms and conditions” By checking this checkbox you are accepting the terms and conditions and are authorizing Woodenhead to charge the credit card supplied during the checkout process. We will email or call you to confirm your order. A copy of your receipt will be emailed to you. If you do not receive a receipt within 48 hours of placing your order, please call or email us immediately.
Return/Cancellation Policy
Unless wines are damaged or somehow defective, they may not be returned for a refund. If you believe a wine has been damaged in shipment or is somehow defective, please contact Woodenhead within 30 days of receipt of your wines and we will arrange for a replacement of the damaged wine, if the wine is still available. If not available, we will offer you a substitute wine or a refund of your payment. Costs for return shipment of damaged or defective wines will be paid by Woodenhead with a refund check to the customer for these shipping costs.
Use of Site
You represent and warrant that you are at least 21 years old when making purchases from our site.
Terms of Use
Woodenhead shall under no circumstances be liable or responsible for any loss or damages whatsoever occurring from the use of or inability to access this site, contents, or any linked website of a third party. Use of this site is subject to all terms and conditions set forth in this site, as well as all applicable federal, state and local laws. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Woodenhead from and against any and all claims, demands damages, losses, or costs of any kind that may arise.
This Web site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Woodenhead therefore reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to pricing and availability, and we reserve the right to cancel or refuse to accept any order placed based on incorrect pricing or availability information. We apologize for any inconvenience.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention. We may do so when: a) permitted and required by law; b) trying to protect against or prevent potential fraud or unauthorized transaction; c) investigation fraud which has already taken place.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please or link to our contact page for more ways to contact us.
Copyright Information
The entire content (text and images) of this site is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, publicly displayed, reused, reposted, linked to other web sites, or otherwise used except as provided herein without the express prior written permission of Woodenhead.
Applicable Law
This Web Site is created and controlled by Woodenhead Vintners in the State of California, USA. As such, the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and Conditions.
Subscribe to our News & Events
SUBSCRIBE
© Copyright 2020 Woodenhead VintnersTasting Room: 5700 River Road, Santa Rosa  •  Make a Tasting Room Reservation »
Site by Webhelper.com
Login
Sign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.