http://www.brownestate.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
At Brown Estate we recognize and respect our customers' privacy. We diligently protect the trust you have placed in us. We have developed a Privacy Policy to assure you that the information collected about you is only what is needed for conducting business and offering products and services that may be of interest to you.
Our Policy
Federal and California state law require us to request identification from each consumer to prove that you are of age to legally purchase alcohol. To process an order, we need your name, home or other physical address, including street name and name of city or town, email address, telephone number, date of birth and credit card number. We understand the sensitivity of this information and maintain our files on a secured server to protect against unauthorized access.
Changes to your Personal Data
In the event you wish to change any of your personal information or membership status, please contact us by written notification to be@brownestate.com or call Susan at 707.266.3061.
Email Opt-Out
We comply with the Federal laws in using email as a marketing and communication tool. If you request to opt out of receiving email notifications, action will be taken within ten days of receipt of opt-out or unsubscribe request via email. If you have multiple customer records in our database you will need to opt out for each record.
Shipments of Wine
Due to legal restrictions on the shipment of wine, we are only permitted to ship to the following states: AK, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, LA, MD, MA, MI, MN, MO, NE, NV, NH, NJ, NM, NY, NC, OH, OR, SC, TN, TX, VT, VA, WA, WI, WY. Sales tax is charged based on requirements and rates specified by your ship-to state.
All wine orders must be placed by a person 21 years of age or older. Verification of age is required at the time of delivery. We recommend use of a business address to facilitate delivery of your purchase. Wine will not be delivered to a visibly intoxicated person. Failure to produce age verification forfeits the right to receive the shipment until identification is produced. In such circumstances, the order may be held in storage by the carrier until appropriate identification is produced, or it may be returned to the winery. All associated costs are the responsibility of and will be charged to customer.
Return Policy
If for any reason you are not entirely satisfied with your wine purchase, please email us or phone 707.266.3061 to discuss your issue. Our policy is to ensure that you are happy with our wines and with your purchase experience.
Inquiries
If you need to inquire about your order, please email us.
xShopping Cart