http://www.porscheclubgb.com/terms-and-conditions
About
Our historyFounded in 1961, Porsche Club Great Britain has a proud history and enviable heritage
Roll of honourThe roll of honour lists members and others who have made outstanding contributions to the Club
Club BoardYour Porsche Club GB Board of Directors
Clubhouse teamMeet the team at Cornbury House
ContactIf you need to get in touch with us
Club BusinessMinutes of Club AGMs, EGMs and Board meetings are available for members
SustainabilitySustainable development is a key element of the Porsche Strategy
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Membership
Membership benefitsEnjoy a wide range of benefits
Membership optionsWhat are your membership options
Gift MembershipPorsche Club Gift Membership
Join or renew membershipIt's so easy to join or renew
ValuationsFree service for Club members
PartnersWe are extremely grateful for the generous support and commitment our partners make to our Club
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
News
NewsIn our news area you'll find coverage featuring Porsche Club GB
Porsche PostView Porsche Post online
FeaturesLonger articles and features
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Community
ForumOur online forum is where you can get help, swap tips and share your experiences with other Porsche enthusiasts
RegionsPorsche Club is organised into 32 geographic Regions around the UK
Model RegistersThe Club supports a wide range of model-specific Registers, each run by technical experts
ImagesView our latest galleries and photoshoots
VideosWatch our latest videos
Driving RoutesFind a route near you or discover somewhere new with our member submitted drives.
ArchiveView library content, magazines, workshop manuals and brochures
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Events
National EventsView our upcoming national events
Events CalendarView all upcoming events including our Regions and Registers
Concours CommunityCelebrating the finest Porsches within the Club
Driver DevelopmentHone your driving skills with exclusive tuition experiences
Track DaysView upcoming track days
Virtual EventsCatch up on previous virtual events
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Motorsport
RaceClose and competitive championship in a friendly atmosphere
Boxster CupThe Porsche Classic Boxster Cup race series
SpeedCompeting against the clock in sprints and hillclimbs
HillFocussing on hillclimb events at high-profile meetings
Track daysBook club-run track days online
Sim RacingEnter the digital equivalent of a treadmill — sim racing.
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Car sales
Buy a PorscheBrowse a comprehensive range of Stuttgart's finest
Sell a PorscheMembers can sell their Porsche through the Club's premium platform
Buying GuidesYour guide to buying a new Porsche
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Shop
LifestyleLimited edition prints, stationery and books
ModelsA wide range of model cars and racing models are available.
MotorsportSelected items designed to enhance your driving experience.
Car CarePorsche Club members benefit from favourable prices on all our car care range.
TicketsPorsche Club members benefit from discounted tickets for selected events.
Gift VouchersNot sure what they'd like? How about gift vouchers, applicable across retail and membership
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Trade Directory
Virtual event
10 Dec 2020
Automotive Photography Evening
Home >
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions of use
Gmünd Heritage Limited, a company limited by guarantee and registered in England company number 1536536, whose registered office is Cornbury House, Cotswold Business Village, London Road, Moreton-in-Marsh, Gloucestershire GL56 0JQ, United Kingdom and operating as Porsche Club Great Britain (‘Porsche Club GB’) or (‘the Club’) owns, manages and maintains this website, forum and online shop ('Website').
Use of the Website
You agree to only use the Website in accordance with this terms and conditions of use policy and all applicable laws. If you do not agree with this terms and conditions of use policy you should not use the Website.
Certain areas of the Website can only be accessed by current members of Porsche Club GB. If you are not a member, or if your membership expires, lapses or otherwise ends, you will not be able to access these areas.
Members should not allow their membership details to be passed to any third parties in order to allow them unauthorised access to members’ only areas or members’ only services available on the Website. Members failing to observe this requirement may place their membership at risk.
Intellectual property rights
All copyright and other intellectual property rights in the materials on the Website are owned by Porsche Club GB unless otherwise indicated.
You may download, print or copy any material from the Website that you wish, provided it is for your own personal, non-commercial use and you keep in place all original copyright notices or other intellectual property notices.
Subject to this, you may not copy, modify, alter, distribute, publish, sell or otherwise use any material on the Website in whole or in part, or disclose or distribute material, information or documents held within members’ only areas of the site to any third parties unless you have obtained prior written consent from a director of Porsche Club GB.
The copyright belongs to and remains with the creator of any content submitted to the Website. By submitting content, including but not limited to text, images, graphics, documents or video material, to the Website you grant Porsche Club GB an unconditional, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, publish and/or transmit, and to authorise third-parties to use, publish and/or transmit your content in any format and on any platform or media, either now known or hereinafter invented. If you do not agree to these terms you should not submit content to the Website.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Porsche Club GB be liable to you or to any other person or entity in any way, whether arising under contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, for damages of any kind arising from the use of the Website, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, lost revenue or profits, lost or damaged data or other commercial or economic loss, that result from your use of, or inability to use, the Website.
If this limitation of liability provision shall be deemed unenforceable, either in whole or in part, then such parts as are unenforceable shall be deleted, the remaining parts shall remain in full force and effect and Porsche Club GB's liability shall be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Nothing in this terms and conditions of use policy shall exclude or limit Porsche Club GB's liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence or Porsche Club GB's liability for fraud.
Directors of the Board of Porsche Club GB, Club Office Staff, Register Secretaries and Regional Organisers are often requested by Club members and non members to provide information on matters connected with their cars and other matters referred to in the Club Rules. Such information, advice and assistance provided by such persons is given in good faith and is based on the personal experience and knowledge of the individual concerned.
Neither Porsche Club GB, nor any of the aforementioned, shall be under any liability in respect of any such information, advice or assistance given to members and non members. Members and non members are advised to consult qualified specialists for information, advice and assistance on matters connected with their cars at all times.
Disclaimer of warranty
Separate terms and conditions may apply to certain products, services and materials available through the Website. If this is the case this will be brought to your attention. Subject to this, no express or implied warranties of any kind are made in respect of this website or the products, services and materials available through it. Porsche Club GB does not warrant that the Website will operate uninterrupted or error/ virus free or that the information on this website is accurate or complete.
Data protection
Any personal information you submit to Porsche Club GB whether through the Website or other means will be dealt with in accordance with our privacy policy. To find out more about this, please visit our ‘Privacy Policy’ page.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are files created by websites you’ve visited that store browsing information, such as your site preferences or profile information. They also allow us to provide services such as online membership renewal, making purchases from our Club shop as well as enabling you to readily navigate and use the Website.
Cookies are not dangerous nor viruses. They are small pieces of text, not computer programs, and cannot do any damage to your PC or mobile device.
To find out more about Porsche Club GB’s use of cookies and details of how to reject or delete them, please visit our ‘Cookies’ page.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impair the functionality of the Website.
The Club undertakes regular reviews of ICO guidance, relating to EU law regarding the use of cookies, to ensure the Website is compliant.
Changes to the terms and conditions of use policy
From time to time we may add new features and functionality to the Website and enhance the level of service that we offer to you. This may lead to changes in the terms of conditions of use policy. Any such changes will be notified to you by us updating this terms and conditions of use policy and your subsequent use of this website will be deemed to signify your acceptance to the changes.
Links to other companies or organisations
The Website provides web-links and other contact information to other websites that offer products, services, information and materials we consider may be of interest to you. These websites are not operated by the Club but independently by other companies or organisations. In particular, although Porsche Club GB administers and governs its Regional and Registers, it does not necessarily own or control all websites or social media website accounts operated by members of these groups.
Porsche Club GB accepts no liability for any products, services, materials or information contained on or available through linked websites or otherwise provided by any other company/organisation referred to on the Website.
No linked websites are covered by this terms and conditions of use policy, therefore, you should check what terms cover the use of any linked third party websites before using them. You may only link to the Website or material held within the website with our prior written permission.  Porsche Club GB reserves the right to remove any links to the Website that it deems are inappropriate without notice.
Jurisdiction and law
This terms of use policy is governed by the laws of England and the jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contact us
If you have any queries relating to this policy or the use of the Website please contact Porsche Club GB by letter at the following address:
The Compliance Officer,
Porsche Club GB,
Cornbury House,
Cotswold Business Village, London Road,
Moreton-in-Marsh,
Gloucestershire    GL56 0JQ
This policy was last updated on 11 June 2016.
Latest forum posts
The day has come. S2 for sale.
FORUM INACTIVITY
Extraordinary General Meeting?
Upcoming Events
Thinking of an Electric Car?
16 December 2020
PCGB Sim Racing Club Championship – Oulton Park
23 December 2020
Porscheshop Manx Tour
14 May 2021
All Upcoming Events
PCGB News
Automotive Photography Evening
10 December 2020
Dream Liner – a true labour of love
08 December 2020
Resignation of PCGB Chair
07 December 2020
Read more club news
Let us help you unlock the potential of your Porsche
Join now