http://www.mountaincampus.org/privacy/
Privacy Policy Register for 2021!This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of our Web site (“Site”). It will explain how we protect that information and what choices you have about how it is used. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you will understand clearly how Camp Horizons, LC (“CAMP HORIZONS”) may collect and use information provided by you.CAMP HORIZONS will inform you of the following in this privacy policy:What personally identifiable information of yours is collected; What organization is collecting the information; How the information is used; With whom the information may be shared; What choices are available regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and, How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Please remember that any information (including information of a financial and/or other personal nature) that you reveal in a CAMP HORIZONS public forum (such as a bulletin board, posting, chat room/event) is not protected by this Privacy Policy and that such postings will be seen by third parties not related to or controlled by CAMP HORIZONS. The information you provide in a CAMP HORIZONS public forum could be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. If you access a third party site from a link on the CAMP HORIZONS website, any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy and, CAMP HORIZONS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites.In the future, we may make significant or non-significant changes to our privacy policy affecting the use of the Personal Information you provide to us or other information we have gathered. Although a notice will be provided, you should visit our Web site from time to time and read our Privacy Policy to familiarize yourself with the current version. Our Privacy Policy is updated to reflect the GDPR standards.  Back to Top
I. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY CAMP HORIZONS OR ON CAMP HORIZONS’S BEHALF
II. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
III. HOW CAMP HORIZONS HANDLES PRIVACY AND SECURITY INTERNALLY
IV. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
V. UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CONTACTING CAMP HORIZONS
I. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY CAMP HORIZONS OR ON CAMP HORIZONS’S BEHALFA. In General Personally identifiable information (PII or Personal Information) is information that can be used to identify or contact you (such as full name, phone number, physical address, email address, etc.). We collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in two general and distinct ways: (1) when you choose to purchase various services or products offered by CAMP HORIZONS and/or its affiliated business partners, or (2) when you choose to participate in surveys or send e-mails to CAMP HORIZONS.B. Registration And Other Information You may view or use our Site without registering or submitting any Personal Information. In that case, the only information we collect will be Non-Personally Identifying Information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, etc.) collected through the use of cookies or web beacons (see details below). However, in order to have access to certain products and services available on the Site, you are required to complete a registration form and provide other information, including Personal Information, reasonably necessary for us to provide the products and/or services for you.C. Cookies We collect anonymous, non-confidential, and non-personally identifying information when you use our site, send us e-mails, or respond to special promotions or newsletters that we may send to you from time to time. Cookies are small computer files that are stored on a site visitor’s computer hard drive that allow us to know how often someone visits a site and the activities they conduct while on that site (such as the chat rooms you visited, whether you submitted orders for services or products, etc.). Every computer is assigned a different cookie by CAMP HORIZONS. The information collected by cookies helps us dynamically generate advertising and content, statistically monitor how many people are using and returning to our site and selected affiliated business partners sites, improve the user experience with our site, and assess how many people are engaging with our e-mails. We may use cookie information to target certain advertisements or content to your browser or to determine the popularity of certain content or advertisements. It may be possible to link Non-Personally Identifying Information to Personal Information collected through the use of cookies and information voluntarily given by the user. You may be able to turn off cookies in your browser, but this may hinder our ability to provide you with certain services or your ability to enjoy certain features of the Site.D. Web Beacons In limited circumstances we also may use “web beacons” to collect anonymous, Non-Personally Identifying Information about your use of our Web site and the sites of selected affiliated partners, and your use of e-mails, special promotions or newsletters we may send to you from time to time. Web beacons are tiny graphic image files imbedded in a web page or e-mail that monitor and report on the behavior of the user. The information collected by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and selected affiliated business partners sites, or are opening our e-mails, and for what purposes. It may be possible to link Non-Personally Identifying Information to Personal Information collected through the use of web beacons and information voluntarily given by the user.E. E-mails and Newsletters As noted in the discussions of cookies and web beacons (see above), we collect anonymous, non-personal information about your use of e-mails and newsletters that we may send to you from time to time. In some cases, when you click on a link or an advertisement in an e-mail or newsletter, your browser may be momentarily directed to the site of a third party which, acting on CAMP HORIZONS’s behalf (see Disclosure to Web site Service and Content Contractors, below), notes or “counts” your response to the e-mail or newsletter before re-directing your browser to its proper destination. This re-direction process will not be apparent to you.F. Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on CAMP HORIZONS’s Behalf Sponsors, business partners or advertisers on the Site or in e-mails, special promotions or newsletters we may send to you from time to time may also use their own cookies or web beacons when you click on their advertisement or link to their site or service, or even if the advertisement simply appears on a page or in an e-mail that you are viewing. Some advertisers use companies other than CAMP HORIZONS to serve their ads and to monitor users’ responses to ads, and these companies (“Ad Servers”) may also collect Non-Personally Identifying Information through the use of cookies or web beacons on our Web site. In certain situations, information collection may be facilitated by momentarily directing your browser to the site of an Ad Server or other third party acting on behalf of the sponsor, business partner, or advertiser before re-directing your browser to its proper destination (e.g., back to CAMP HORIZONS to show the ad, or to the advertiser’s Web site); this re-direction process will not be apparent to you. We do not control these third parties’ use of cookies or web beacons, or how they manage the Non-Personally Identifying Information they gather through them. However, you should review the privacy policy of other sites you visit or link to from our site to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect.G. Public Forums This Privacy Policy does not apply when you use CAMP HORIZONS’s public forums if and when they become available. As a service to our users, CAMP HORIZONS may feature chat rooms and bulletin boards where users can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for other users to answer. You should be aware that any information shared in a chat room, bulletin board, or other type of posting is public information and may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. You should think carefully before disclosing any personal information in any public forum.H. E-mails to CAMP HORIZONS This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information, such as business information, resumes, ideas, concepts or inventions sent to CAMP HORIZONS by e-mail to the various CAMP HORIZONS’s departments listed on the CAMP HORIZONS’s Web site. If you want to keep business information, resumes, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an e-mail to CAMP HORIZONS. We try to answer every e-mail in a timely manner but are not always able to do so. II. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION A. Generally Except as set forth in this Section II, or as specifically agreed to by you, CAMP HORIZONS will employ best efforts to not use or disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you unless reasonably required in order to answer your questions, provide products and/or services you may request or purchase from CAMP HORIZONS (such as, information we need to share with our credit card internet gateway), or to comply with governmental or internal record-keeping requirements as reasonably required. We may release Personal Information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as a financial threat to you or others. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your Personal Information to a third party, we will notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.B. Disclosure to CAMP HORIZONS’s Subsidiaries/Affiliated Entities CAMP HORIZONS may disclose Personal Information to its corporate subsidiaries or entities affiliated with CAMP HORIZONS. Any Personal Information provided to CAMP HORIZONS’s subsidiaries or entities affiliated with CAMP HORIZONS will be treated by those subsidiaries and affiliated entities in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.C. Disclosure to CAMP HORIZONS’s Operations and Maintenance Contractors CAMP HORIZONS’s operations and maintenance contractors may sometimes have limited access to your Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to CAMP HORIZONS. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to operation and maintenance of our Web site. These contractors also may have access to your e-mail address to send newsletters or special promotions to you on our behalf or to send e-mails to you for purposes such as conducting market research on our behalf. Access to your Personal Information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the contractor to perform its limited function for CAMP HORIZONS.D. Disclosure to Web site Service and Content Contractors Certain content and products and services offered to you through our Web site are served on Web sites hosted and operated by a company other than CAMP HORIZONS (“Third Party Contractor Web sites”). Therefore, if you purchase services or products through one of these Third Party Contractor Web sites, you will be purchasing it from the Third Party Contractor and not from CAMP HORIZONS. Further, you should be aware that any information you disclose once you access these other sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. CAMP HORIZONS does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Contractor Web sites and, therefore, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that Third Party Contractor Web site collects and uses your Personal Information. Also, if you have reason to believe that you may be leaving our Web site and entering a Third Party Contractor Web site, you should be cautious about providing any Personal Information until you have reviewed the privacy policy posted on the other site.E. Disclosure to Linked Sites In addition to the Third Party Contractor Web sites that you may access as described above, our website contains links to sites operated by companies other than CAMP HORIZONS (“Third Party Web sites”). These sites are not contractors, but enhance the user experience by providing content, products, and/or services through our Web site. These links may be found in advertisements, referenced within content, or placed beside the names or logos of sponsors or affiliated business partners of CAMP HORIZONS. CAMP HORIZONS does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web sites without obtaining your consent. CAMP HORIZONS does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these sites. If you choose to link to one of these Third Party Web sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on this other site to understand how that Third Party Web site collects and uses your Personal Information.F. Disclosure of Aggregate Information CAMP HORIZONS may provide to third parties Non-Personally Identifying Information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted and that is combined with the Non-Personally Identifying Information of other users (“Aggregate Information”). For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the activities they conduct while on our site. We might also inform a company that performs services or that provides products and/or services to CAMP HORIZONS (that may or may not be a CAMP HORIZONS business partner or an advertiser on our site) of statistics, such as “50% of our users live in the USA” or that “85% of our users have purchased products and/or services which can be downloaded from CAMP HORIZONS’s Web site.” Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge third parties for this Aggregate Information. We may not limit the third parties’ use of the Aggregate Information. III. HOW CAMP HORIZONS HANDLES PRIVACY AND SECURITY INTERNALLYCAMP HORIZONS wants your Personal Information to remain as secure and accurate as possible. We implement appropriate measures and processes, such as encryption, to protect your Personal Information and maintain its quality. Although we make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. There is also some risk that thieves could find a way to thwart our security systems. IV. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICESYou will be given the option to opt in or sign up for recurring informational/promotional e-mails from CAMP HORIZONS and/or third parties. You may opt out of receiving these e-mails and newsletters at any time. When you have received an e-mail you wish to stop, click on the “reply” button in your mail program, then type in the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” in the “Subject” field and send. CAMP HORIZONS’s Customer Service will unsubscribe you.You may also have the option of receiving e-mails or newsletters from third parties, participating in research, marketing surveys, orother activities. You may exercise these options by placing a check mark beside a statement that expresses a preference for receiving these communications or participating in these activities. You may change your decision at any time by following the directions above.This privacy statement applies only to the Site. The CAMP HORIZONS Web site does contain links to other sites. Once you enter another Web site (whether through an advertisement, service, or content link), be aware that CAMP HORIZONS has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy statements of each and every Web site that you visit through a link or advertisement on CAMP HORIZONS’s Web site or any site that collects Personal Information from you. V. UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CONTACTING CAMP HORIZONSYou can always contact us in order to (1) delete your Personal Information from our systems, (2) update the Personal Information that you have provided to us, and (3) change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts or other activities, by e-mailing us at camp@horizonsva.com. Such changes will not have any effect on other information that CAMP HORIZONS maintains. If you have a complaint or problem you may e-mail us at camp@horizonsva.com and the customer service department will forward your complaint to the appropriate internal CAMP HORIZONS department for a response or resolution. We try to answer every email in a timely manner but are not always able to do so.You should be aware that it may not be technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to CAMP HORIZONS from our servers. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personal Information may exist in a non-erasable form. Nevertheless, upon receiving your request, we will endeavor to delete all Personal Information stored in the databases we actively use for research and daily business activities, as well as other readily searchable media.