http://www.usbdt.com/privacy-policy/
Member Email:
Password:
Lost Password?
Register
Home
Photos
Videos
Channels
People
Teams
Entertainment
My Rec Room
Gear
Privacy Policy
U.S. Beer Drinking Team Privacy Policy  U.S. Beer Drinking Team (“USBDT”) takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.NOTICE: Click here for important information about safe surfing from the Federal Trade Commission. What This Privacy Policy Covers                 This policy covers how USBDT treats personal information that USBDT collects and receives, including information related to your past use of USBDT products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.                 This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that USBDT does not own or control, or to people that USBDT does not employ or manage. Information Collection and Use General                USBDT collects personal information when you register with USBDT, when you use USBDT products or services, when you visit USBDT pages or the pages of certain USBDT partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. USBDT may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.                 When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For some financial products and services we might also ask for your address, Social Security number, and information about your assets. When you register with USBDT and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.                 USBDT collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer.                 USBDT automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, USBDT cookie information, and the page you request.                 USBDT uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. Children                USBDT only permits persons age 21 or older to register and use the USBDT site and Services.                When a child under age 21 attempts to register with USBDT, we deny the attempt and report the person to the nearest law enforcement authority for legal execution.                USBDT does not contact children under age 21 about special offers or for marketing purposes.                 USBDT does not ask a child under age 21 for personal information. Information Sharing and Disclosure                USBDT does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:                 We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with USBDT under confidentiality agreements. These companies    may use your personal information to help USBDT communicate with you about offers from USBDT and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.                We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.                We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of USBDT's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.                 We transfer information about you if USBDT is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, USBDT will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.                 USBDT displays targeted advertisements based on personal information. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria—for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.                 USBDT does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. However, by interacting with or viewing an ad you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad.                 USBDT advertisers include financial service providers (such as banks, insurance agents, stock brokers and mortgage lenders) and non-financial companies (such as stores, airlines, and software companies).                 USBDT works with vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries and categories of business. For more information regarding providers of products or services that you've requested please read our detailed reference links. Cookies                USBDT may set and access USBDT cookies on your computer.                 USBDT lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to USBDT's cookies.                 USBDT uses web beacons to access USBDT cookies inside and outside our network of web sites and in connection with USBDT products and services.  Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences General                You can edit your USBDT Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time.                 New categories of marketing communications might be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive.                 We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the USBDT service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the USBDT Newsletter, that are considered part of your USBDT account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.                 You can delete your USBDT account by visiting our Account Deletion page. Please click here to read about information that might possibly remain in our archived records after your account has been deleted.  Confidentiality and Security                 We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.                 We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.                 To learn more about security, including the security steps we have taken and security steps you can take, please read Security at USBDT.  Changes to this Privacy Policy                USBDT may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your USBDT account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
About USBDTFAQTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyAdvertise With UsContact Us
Copyright © 2007, USBDT.com