http://www.myford500.com/misc/privacy-policy.php
Forums
Recent Topics
Specs
Search
Close
Privacy Policy
NOTE: By using this site, you agree to the terms of this
privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site.
This privacy policy
describes our position about personal information we collect about you, if any, and how
it may be used, if at all.
This policy may change at any time without prior
notice and it is up to you to be up to date of any changes.
Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about each visit.
This information includes
but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser software details, time of
visit, resources requested (pages, videos, etc) and referring pages.
None of this information can personally identify any specific visitors
to this site. This information is provided by machines for routine
administration and maintenance purposes and is common across all web sites.
We do not collect any personal information such as name, address, phone number, email address, birth date, vehicle information, etc. through just visiting the site. We also do not collect any personal information pertaining to transactions you have with sponsors or advertisers.
You may choose to voluntarily sign up for a free account in the forums. You choose a username (which can be virtually anything and we recommend you do not use any personally identifiable information such as your real name). Aside from choosing a username, the only other information we need is an email address. You may choose to include such information as your location (city/country) but that is entirely optional. Note that some information that you disclose such as your own website, location, and posts you make are made public.
If you are concerned about your privacy, best practices indicate that you should not give any information other than the required username and email address for the free account. Leave the other fields blank, that's totally fine.
Email Addresses
We do not collect email addresses through this site except when you sign up for an account. If contacted directly via email (outside the site), email addresses are never shared with advertisers or
anyone else.  We don't send spam (promotional) email and we don't purchase,
give or sell email addresses under any circumstances.
If you do have an account here, we only use your email address to send you account related e-mails (password reset, topic reply notifications, important forum notices, etc.). If you have private messages enabled, other members may be able to contact you through the forum but will not see your email address.
Modifying Your Privacy
You can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you
have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not
recommended as it will interfere with your use of the majority of sites
on the Internet and prevent you from logging in to your webmail, blogs
or forums. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a
per-site basis if you have concerns. Consult your browser documentation
for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Information Sharing And Disclosure
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or to establish or
exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate,
prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations
involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise
required by law.
Children Issues
For compliance with COPPA, be aware this site is about automotive topics intended for an audience 16 years of age and older. This site is not intended to be used by children.
Cookies
The forum section of this website sets a cookie for your browser. That cookie is used so that you can stay logged in during your session to perform functions such as posting a new topic, replying, etc. Even if you don't have an account the forum may set an anonymous session cookie. If you do not wish to receive that cookie it can be disabled from your browser.
Our partners or external advertising partners may serve you cookies or
web beacons in providing you advertising, web pages, or services.
If you're paranoid about cookies you can disable them
in your browser. (See your browser's help file to learn how.) Caution: Disabling
cookies can have unintended consequences, such as forcing you to log in manually
when you visit forums, social-networking sites, online editions of newspapers,
and other membership-based sites.
Special EU GDPR Statement
In May 2018, the European Union government implemented a new GDPR general data protection regulation. We use Google for two things: ad serving, and for web analytics.
Those two services used by us from Google are covered by this privacy policy, we encourage you to read it. That link lets you, the user, know how Google collects & uses information, and ad personalization. The link also tells you how to control that information as well.
We have turned off personalized ads for the EU. That means your past behavior, interests, demographics, and other criteria are NOT being used to target you for ads. Ads shown to EU users will be based on contextual information on the web page you visit.
We also include some Amazon affiliate links on this site. Those Amazon product links may also set a cookie to your browser that will then track you when you click the link to Amazon so we can receive a commission on sales you make. We do not receive any personal information at all. If you purchase from the link(s) all we see is the product you bought and it's price.
Other Information
We aren't responsible for information that may be gathered by ad networks,
affiliates, or advertisers when you complete surveys or fill out order forms.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or use
of your information, please contact us by e-mail to webmaster <at> fordtaurus .net or by mail at:
FordTaurus.net
P.O. Box 2032
Moose Jaw, SK S6H 7N7
Canada
Our web site links to documents located on sites maintained by other agencies
and organizations. Once you access another site, you are subject to the privacy
policy of that site. Privacy policies of advertising networks and partner
sites:
Google privacy policy
Amazon.com
privacy policy
Privacy policy last updated May 24,2018.
Share
Ford Taurus Forum
Contact Us
All site content Copyright © 2004-2020 FordTaurus.net We are in no way affiliated with Ford Motor Company