http://www.limerickclimbingclub.ie/policy/privacy-policy.asp
Walks
Club
Club Officers
Policy
Safety
Training
Environmental
Social
About Us
News & Reports
Links
Photos
Membership
Log-on
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Limerick Climbing Club is committed to protecting your privacy and processing your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) from 25th May 2018.
The following policy sets out the information we collect, how we use it and the steps we take to protect your privacy.
2.	The Information We Collect About You
The Limerick Climbing Club needs to collect and use data (information) about its members for the organisation and administration of the club. The data is supplied by each member when they join the club via the website.
The following information is held in respect of each member: Name, Address, Email address, Phone Number/s, Gender, Family Name and Contact details in case of emergency (ICE), Mountaineering Ireland (MI) Membership Number, Mountaineering Ireland affiliated club membership (for Associate club membership).
We do not collect or process credit card information on our website; instead we use the PayPal payment gateway service to process payments on our behalf.
Members, through their log-in, have the facility to upload photographs of club events to the club website. Please note that these photos may contain your image without your express approval. The club officers may also use these photos on social media platforms, club calendar, and may be sent for publication in Mountaineering Ireland’s Mountain Log magazine. All other uses of this data will be only with the express consent of any members visible.
We also use web analytics technology to collect and store information when you interact with our website, and this includes the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you. We only use this information for trends and statistics and to evaluate the efficiency of our website and our internet infrastructure.
3. How We Use Your Information
We use your personal information in the administration and running of the club in a number of ways:
To communicate with you as a member either by e-mail, phone or post in relation to the maintenance of your membership or renewal.
To send a weekly update e-mail with details of club events and other events and services relating to our activities that members may be interested in (this e-mail may occasionally be more frequent than this if circumstances require).
To make walk leaders’ contact phone numbers available to members when they log on to the Walk Schedule on the club website, in order to contact the leader in advance of going on a walk, in accordance with club rules.
To facilitate Mountaineering Ireland membership and insurance.
The following officers of the club have access to your data as part of their administrative/membership duties in the running of the club: Chairperson, Secretary, Treasurer, PRO, and also the Webmaster. Your data will not be shared with any other club members without your permission.
4. Personal Data Sharing
All Members’ data is shared with Mountaineering Ireland (MI) for the purposes of maintaining Mountaineering Ireland membership and insurance. MI insurance is mandatory for all members in accordance with the Club Policy. Members should familiarise themselves with Mountaineering Ireland’s Data Privacy notice on their website.
The club may also be required to share your information with An Garda Síochána, Mountain Rescue or other emergency services where requested to do so (e.g. in the case of an accident).
Sometimes, we share your information with our third-party service providers, who help us provide and support our services and other organizational-related functions (e.g. web hosting company, training providers).
Members’ data will not be disclosed or shared with any other third-party without your permission.
5. Protecting Your Data Privacy
Each member’s data is protected through secure log-on to our web server and is not accessible to the general membership or the public.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. We use up-to-date industry procedures (including SSL and encryption) to protect your personal information. Your data is held on servers which are located inside of the European Economic Area.
6. Retention of Data
Members have the facility to update or remove the data held by the club via their own login-in to the club website.
Your information will be held for the duration of your membership and up to three years after your membership has lapsed (to facilitate later renewal). There may be instances where information is retained longer than this; such as where the member was involved in an accident/incident on a club walk/event.
The Weekly Update e-mail may contain important health and safety information in relation to the club; club members may not unsubscribe from this e-mail. This e-mail will continue to be sent for a period of one year after your membership has lapsed. Please contact the club secretary if you want to unsubscribe during this extended period.
Members at any stage can request photographs in which they feature to be taken down from the club website or social media by contacting the club PRO.
7. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We regularly review our Privacy Policy and updates will appear on this page when necessary.
8. Consent
When joining, or renewing your club membership, or submitting your personal information to us, you signify your consent to the club using the information provided in the manner described by this policy.
Revision 1.0; Date: Sept 2018.
See Also
Club Policy
Club safety policy
Leave no trace
every Thursday @ 9:30pm
Fennessy's Pub
1 New Street, Limerick
© Limerick Climbing Club 2016
×
Members Log On
Please enter your e-mail and password.
E-mail: *
Password: *
Forgotten Your Password?
Close
Log-on
×
Reset Your Password
Enter your e-mail address below and click Send.
E-mail: *
Cancel
Send
×
Ok
×
Log Off
Are you sure you want to log out?
Cancel
Ok