http://www.findacrew.net/en/privacy
EN
EnglishEN
EN - English
IT - Italiano
Close
Find a Crew
Find a Boat
Contact
About
Pricing
Support
Close
Back
Refresh
Minimise
Full width Default width
Open in new tab
Close
findacrew.net uses non-intrusive cookies to improve your experience. You can visit our Cookies page for more information.
PrivacyPrivacy
TermsTerms
DisclaimerDisclaimer
CookiesCookies
This Security and Privacy Statement applies to this website which is operated by NAUTYCAL Pty Ltd (ABN 11 139 383 832) under the domain name "www.findacrew.net" ("Find a Crew website"). The Find a Crew website is operated by Nautycal Pty Ltd and its related bodies corporate (together called "NAUTYCAL").
The information described in this Security and Privacy Statement may be shared between members of NAUTYCAL. This Security and Privacy Statement may also apply to services offered by Find a Crew on websites hosted by third parties. If so, express reference to this Security and Privacy Statement will be made on those websites.
Find a Crew understands and appreciates that you, as a Find a Crew website visitor, are concerned about your privacy and about the confidentiality and security of information we may gain about you online. Find a Crew is committed to protecting your privacy. This Find a Crew Security and Privacy Statement explains how your personal information will be treated as you access and interact with the Find a Crew website.
As the Find a Crew website develops and as technology evolves, Find a Crew will continue to strive to provide you with better and more customised services and with a more effective website. Find a Crew encourages you to review the Security and Privacy Statement periodically because the Security and Privacy Statement may change from time to time.
The Find a Crew Privacy Policy explains how Find a Crew generally protects your privacy and confidentiality. The principles set out in the Find a Crew Privacy Policy also apply to Nautycal Pty Ltd websites.
In addition to the provisions of this Security and Privacy Statement, there may also be specific and additional privacy provisions which apply to certain sections of the Find a Crew website. Because those specific and additional provisions also relate to your privacy protection, you should review them wherever they are accessible by you on the Find a Crew website. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Security and Privacy Statement and those other specific and additional provisions, the specific and additional provisions will prevail.
Security of information
Find a Crew takes reasonable steps to preserve the security of cookie and personal information in accordance with the Find a Crew website Terms of Use and this Security and Privacy Statement. If your browser is suitably configured, it will advise you whether the information you are sending us will be secure (encrypted) or not secure (unencrypted). If secure transmission is indicated, Find a Crew currently uses 256 bit TLS encryption (previously known as SSL).
Find a Crew regularly reviews developments in security and encryption technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Accordingly, although Find a Crew strives to protect such information, Find a Crew cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we take reasonable steps to preserve the security of the information in our own systems.
Information collected
The information that Find a Crew collects about you is dependent on how you use the facilities offered by the Find a Crew website.
If you visit an unsecured area of the Find a Crew website (that is, an area where you are not required to log on) to read, browse or download information, our system will record the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and any information downloaded. However, our systems will not record any personally identifiable information.
If you decide to complete an online application form or online survey, the information that you enter into the online form or survey will only be collected by Find a Crew if you submit your online application or survey. If at any stage you cancel your application or log out prior to submitting your application or survey, the information you have entered up to that point will be automatically deleted. You can suspend and save online applications. If you suspend or save your application, for example because you wish to complete it at another time, the information that you have entered will be retained in our systems so that you may recover the information when you resume your application.
The Find a Crew website also contains links to the websites of third party providers of goods and services ("Third Party websites"). If you have accessed Third Party websites through the Find a Crew website and if those third parties collect information about you, Find a Crew may also collect or have access to that information as part of our arrangements with those third parties.
Where you access a Third Party website from the Find a Crew website, cookie information, information about your preferences or other information you have provided about yourself may be shared between us and the third party. You cannot usually be identified from the information that is shared; if you can be identified from this information, we will seek your consent before sharing such information.
Third Party websites should contain their own privacy statements and those third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices.
Collection of IP addresses
It is necessary for Find a Crew to collect your IP address for your interaction with various parts of the Find a Crew website. Your IP address is the identifier for your computer when you are using the internet.
For instance, Find a Crew collects and stores your IP address when you log into Find a Crew member account. As part of our security for Find a Crew, Find a Crew uses this information when we attempt to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions in Internet Banking. We store your IP address for security and audit purposes. Your IP address will not be used by us or released to any third party except in the case of security, inappropriate behaviour or fraud issues, such as unauthorised access to your or our computer systems or fraudulent transactions.
Advertising and tracking
Find a Crew does not use any tracking for advertising such as Google AdWords.
How we handle email
We will preserve the content of any e-mail that you send us, if we believe that we have a legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by our Find a Crew employees for security issues including where e-mail abuse is suspected; our response to you may be monitored for quality assurance issues.
Use and disclosure of information
We will only use or disclose personal information or information generated by cookies in accordance with the Find a Crew Privacy Policy, specific and additional provisions relating to privacy which apply to certain areas of the Find a Crew website and as otherwise set out in this Security and Privacy Statement.
Acceptance and changes to security and privacy statement
You acknowledge and accept that your use of the Find a Crew website indicates your acceptance of the Find a Crew website Terms of Use and the Security and Privacy Statement.
This is the current Security and Privacy Statement. It replaces any other Security and Privacy Statement for the Find a Crew website published on the Find a Crew website to date. Find a Crew may at any time vary the Security and Privacy Statement by publishing the varied Security and Privacy Statement on the Find a Crew website.