http://www.porsche.com/usa/legal-notice/
This website uses cookies. We do this to better understand how visitors use our site and to offer you a more personal experience. We share information about your use of our site with social media and analytics partners in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
Legal Notice WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEBY ACCESSING AND BROWSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE.Modification of TermsPorsche may, at any time and without notice, amend these terms and conditions ("Terms"), or may limit or deny access to, or change the content of, the website. You should periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms to which you are bound. These Terms are applicable to all Porsche North American websites. When leaving this website, whether or not to visit another Porsche website, please read the website terms and the privacy policy applicable to such website to ensure you understand and agree with the terms applicable to that website.ApplicabilityInformation and materials displayed on the website, including without limitation, product pricing, specifications, warranty and/or other information, are applicable to products sold in the United States and not necessarily to Porsche products sold in other markets.Restricted Use and CopyrightsAll photographs, audio and video clips, picture images, graphics, links, website architecture, format, layout and data structures, and all other items contained on the website are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used in any manner, except as provided in these Terms or in the website text, without Porsche's prior written permission. Images of people or places and Porsche products, are either property of, or used with permission by, Porsche. Any unauthorized use of these materials may violate copyright, trademark and privacy laws, and other applicable statutes. You may browse this website and download or print a copy of material displayed on the website for your personal use only and not for redistribution, unless consented to in writing by Porsche. This limited consent shall automatically terminate upon your breach of any of these website Terms.TrademarksPorsche, Porsche Crest, Porsche Design, 718, 911, Spyder, Carrera, Targa, Tiptronic, Porsche Speedster, Macan, Varioram, VarioCam, Boxster, Cayenne, Porsche Cayenne, Cayman, Panamera, Taycan, Tequipment, "Porsche. There is no Substitute.", RS, 4S, Porsche Bike S, PCCB, PCM, PDK, and other Porsche product names, model numbers, logos, commercial symbols, trade names and slogans are trademarks and the distinctive shapes of Porsche automobiles are trade dress of Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG ("PAG") and are protected by U.S. and international trademark laws. You are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this website without the express prior written consent of PAG, except as permitted by applicable laws. Other marks and logos shown on this website may be marks owned by third parties not affiliated with Porsche and are used with permission. Nothing shown on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any permission, license or right to use any trademark, service mark or trade name displayed on this website without the written permission of PAG or the third party owner. The use of any Porsche logo or mark, whether registered or unregistered, as a hyperlink to this website or any other Porsche website is strictly prohibited unless consented to in writing by PAG. DisclaimersAll data contained on the website relating to third-party products or services, including but not limited to prices, availability of service or product, product feature or service coverage, if any, should be verified with the party supplying the product or service. Porsche may at any time without notice amend the data displayed on the website. While Porsche endeavors to periodically update posted information, not all information may be current, and Porsche does not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of such data. Specifications on the website are for comparison purposes only; specifications, standard equipment, options and pricing are subject to change without notice. Some options shown throughout this website, including the car configurator, may be unavailable when your car is built. Some vehicles may be shown with non-U.S. or non-Canadian equipment. Please consult your dealer for advice concerning the current availability and pricing of options. Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) excludes transportation fees, taxes, license, title, optional or regionally required equipment. Actual dealer price may vary. Porsche is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any data contained on this website. Porsche recommends seat belt usage and observance of traffic laws at all times.This website is provided as a convenience to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Porsche does not warrant that your access to these website pages will be uninterrupted or error-free. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THE SITE PAGES. PORSCHE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA, OR LOSSES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF PORSCHE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Porsche assumes no responsibility and/or liability for any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of or arising out of your use of or access to this website. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties or limitations of liability, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. Porsche's liability in any case shall, however, be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.Important Limitations of Assistance SystemsA Few Important Words About Porsche Driver Assistance Systems …None of Porsche’s Driver Assistance Systems can prevent accidents or loss of control.No Driver Assistance System is ever a substitute for attentive driving. It is the driver’s responsibility to be observant and in control of the vehicle at all times. Please see your vehicle’s owners’ manual for further details about, and important limitations of, each of the specific systems described below.ACTIVE LANE KEEPActive Lane Keep may not detect lane markings in certain road, weather, and driving conditions.System is available only in conjunction with active Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC).ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROLAdaptive Cruise Control should not be used in unfavorable road conditions and poor weather conditions.Adaptive Cruise Control automatically maintains a set speed and a set distance at a speed above approximately 19 mph – 130 mph.AUTO EMERGENCY STOPAuto Emergency Stop depends in part on signals from the worldwide Global Positioning Satellite network. The vehicle’s electronic system and data connection, and existing wireless satellite technology, must be available and operating properly for the system to function fully.PORSCHE DYNAMIC LIGHTING SYSTEMStatic cornering lights – At speeds of up to 80 mph static cornering light is switched on when the steering wheel is turned. Dynamic cornering light – Above a speed of around 3 mph, the low beam or high beam headlights are swiveled in the direction of the curve to illuminate the road more clearly, depending on the speed of the vehicle and the extent to which the steering wheel is turned. PORSCHE DYNAMIC LIGHTING SYSTEM (PLUS)High Beam Assistant is switched on at between 20 mph and 37 mph.HEAD-UP DISPLAYThe driver’s view of the information in the head-up display may be impaired by the following factors:Sunglasses with certain polarizingWet roadsUnfavorable lighting conditionsPORSCHE INNODRIVE INCLUDING ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROLInnoDrive depends in part on signals from the worldwide Global Positioning Satellite network. The vehicle’s electronic system and data connection, and existing wireless satellite technology, must be available and operating properly for the system to function fully.Construction zones, traffic flow, and other road system changes are beyond the control of Porsche Cars North America. Complete detailed mapping of lanes, roads, streets, toll roads, tollbooths, highways, road signs, and so forth is impossible. Therefore, you may encounter discrepancies between the mapping and the actual location and conditions you encounter. Always pay careful attention to the road, give precedence to directional signs on the road and not the system, and do not drive while distracted. INTERSECTION ASSISTThis system detects only other vehicles, but not people, cyclists, or animals, for example.LANE CHANGE ASSISTLane Change Assist operates above a driving speed of approximately 10 mph.Rear Turn Assist – Supports Lane Change Assist only when driving off and on the vehicle side on which the turn signal was actuated. Active at speeds up to approximately 12 mph.LANE KEEP ASSIST WITH TRAFFIC SIGN RECOGNITIONLane Keep Assist may not detect lane markers in certain road, weather, or driving conditions. Please see owner’s manual for further details and important warnings about limitations of the system.This system depends in part on signals from the worldwide Global Positioning Satellite network. The vehicle’s electronic system and data connection, and existing wireless satellite technology, must be available and operating properly for the system to function fully.Traffic Sign Recognition may not always see or understand every sign. It depends upon a clear, unobstructed view of the road ahead, and well-maintained and clean road signs of generally recognized types. Lane Keep Assist may be passive if the vehicle speed is below the activation speed of approximately 40 mph.NIGHT VISION ASSISTNight Vision Assist does not prevent accidents. The system may not represent objects as the eye does. It will not detect persons or animals under certain lighting and temperature conditions, and it cannot detect inanimate objects in the road. Night Vision Assist detects persons and animals when it is sufficiently dark and at an ambient temperature below 82°.PARKASSIST (FRONT AND REAR) WITH VISUAL AND AUDIBLE WARNINGParkAssist cannot detect sound-absorbing obstacles such as powdery snow, clothing made from fabric, skin or fur; sound-reflecting obstacles such as glass surfaces, flat painted surfaces, very thin obstacles, i.e. thin posts or obstacles above and below the sensors.ParkAssist is activated automatically up to a speed of approximately 10 mph. and when operational readiness is established in the following situations: Reverse gear engaged or distance in front is less than approximately 32 in. or rolling backward is detected.Reversing camera – The objects shown by the camera appear distorted. The image from the rear view camera does not show the entire area behind the vehicle. Surround View – The objects shown by the cameras appear distorted. Many of the screen windows do not show the entire area around the vehicle.TRAFFIC JAM ASSISTTraffic Jam Assist supports the driver when driving in traffic jam situations or in slow-moving traffic in a speed range below approximately 40 mph.WARN AND BRAKE ASSIST (COLLISION AND BRAKE ASSIST)Warn and Brake Assist cannot prevent most collisions, although it may help to reduce their severity. In addition, Warn and Brake Assist may not detect every object in the road. The system may not operate if certain evasive maneuvers are performed by the driver.The system is available as of walking speed and can react to pedestrians or cyclists up to a speed of approximately 53 mph.The function may be restricted or unavailable up to 10 seconds after establishing operational readiness, and other instances. WET MODEWET Mode depends on sensors in the front wheel arches. It cannot provide assistance if there is too much water present, if the vehicle is driving too fast, or if the sensors are obstructed by dirt, excessive water or other obstructions. WET Mode cannot detect or prevent aquaplaning.Not all the Driver Assistance Systems described in this brochure are installed or available on every model. Some Driver Assistance Systems are optional at extra cost. Some Driver Assistance Systems require the selection of other systems or options at additional cost. Some Driver Assistance Systems are not available in combination with others. Ask your authorized Porsche dealer for details about the models and systems in which you are interested.LinksPorsche may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties, including authorized Porsche dealers. When visiting these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. You should review and determine if you agree to a particular site's terms and conditions of use before using such site. Porsche does not control these sites and assumes no responsibility for their content. A link to a non-Porsche site does not imply that Porsche endorses the site or the products or services described on such sites.SubmissionsAny communication or material you transmit to the website (including feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, orders, requests or the like) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. All materials transmitted to the website becomes the property of Porsche and may be used for any purpose. Porsche may publish the material and/or incorporate it or any concepts described in it in our products without compensation, restrictions on use, acknowledgment of source, accountability, or liability.Governing Law This website is governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Georgia and, where applicable, U.S. federal law.
download fileexternal pagenew windowNext slidePrevious slideSkip content