http://www.royalenfield.com/us/en/legal/privacy-policy/
Note
We use our own cookies for the use of the site, personalize content and ads and to perform analyses of our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. If you want to learn more about cookies and opt-out, click the button Privacy and Cookie Policy. If you choose not to agree to the use of cookies all features of the site may not operate as intended.
Accept
PRIVACY POLICY
1.       INTRODUCTION
Royal Enfield, a unit of Eicher Motors Limited (hereafter referred to as Royal Enfield) is committed to protecting your and your family's personal information when you are using “ www.royalenfield.com”. We want our services to be safe and secure for our users. Uniform practices for collecting, using, disclosing, storing, retaining, disposing, accessing, transferring or otherwise = processing such information assists Royal Enfield to process Personal Information fairly and appropriately, disclosing it and/or transferring it only under appropriate circumstances. This privacy policy relates to our use of any personal information we collect from you on “www.royalenfield.com”.
This privacy policy tells you how we use your personal information collected through the “www.royalenfield.com”. Please read this privacy policy before using the “ www.royalenfield.com “or submitting any personal information. This policy will be updated subject to any changes in information collection, activities performed or any applicable regulations. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the “ www.royalenfield.com” to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
PLEASE NOTE:
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for “ www.royalenfield.com” only. If you link to other web sites, please review those privacy policies, which may be very different.
2.             COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
2.1            COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Royal Enfield collects, processes, and retains information about you when you visit our “www.royalenfield.com”. You may choose to provide us with information, such as your name, email address, company information, street address, telephone number, or other information, to access protected information on “ www.royalenfield.com” or so we can follow up with you after your visit. Personal Information may include, but is not limited to:
i.       Your name,
ii.      Email addresses,
iii.     Telephone numbers
iv.     Country, City and State
<Please update this section as applicable>
2.2            HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
(i)                 TO GATHER DETAILS ABOUT PROSPECT
CUSTOMERS: Your
information helps us to more effectively respond to your requests and queries
to make the application interface user friendly.
(ii)               TO SEND PERIODIC EMAILS: We may use the information you share with us, to communicate with you through e-mails, text messages and calls, in order to provide our product or service related information and/or for promotional and marketing purposes for a period of five (5) Year.
(iii)             SELECT CONTENT, IMPROVE QUALITY AND FACILITATE USE OF THE OTHER INTERFACE CHANNELS: Royal Enfield may use your Personal
Information to help create and personalize content on our Channels, facilitate
your use of the Channels for example, to facilitate navigation and the login
process, avoid duplicate data entry, enhance security, improve quality, track
campaign and survey responsiveness and evaluate page response rates.
(iv)             OBTAIN THIRD PARTY SERVICES: We also share Personal Information and Other Information with third parties who provide services to Royal Enfield website management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, e-mail delivery, auditing, and other similar services. When Royal Enfield shares Personal Information with third party service providers, we require that they use your Personal Information and Other Information only for the purpose of providing services to us and subject to terms consistent with this policy.
3.       FAIRNESS AND PURPOSE
Royal Enfield will collect adequate, relevant and necessary Personal Information, and will process such information fairly and lawfully for the purpose it is collected. The purpose of collection will be specified not later than at the time of data collection, or on each occasion of change of purpose.
4.       DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION
4.1              INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
Royal Enfield does not share, sell, rent, or trade personal information collected through its “www.royalenfield.com” with third parties for their sole promotional purposes or as otherwise outlined in this Privacy Policy. Royal Enfield may share information with third party service providers contracted to provide services on our behalf for processing to provide your employment related services and benefits and other business purposes. These third party service providers may only use information we provide to them as requested and instructed by Royal Enfield.
(i)  Royal Enfield may disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate:
a)          under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence;
b)          to comply with legal process;
c)          to respond to requests from public and government authorities,
including public and government authorities outside your country of residence,
for national security and/or law enforcement purposes;
d)          to enforce our terms and conditions; and
e)          to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that
we may sustain.
(ii)   Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale,
joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion
of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy
or similar proceedings), we may transfer the Personal Information we have
collected to the relevant third party.
(iii)   We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:
a)              permitted or required by law; or,
b)              trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or
unauthorized transactions; or,
c)              investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information
is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
If Royal Enfield goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information collected through our website(s) may be among the assets transferred. A prominent notice will appear on our website(s) for 30 days after any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
To improve your Web experience, and to offer you products in which you might be interested, we provide links to business alliance companies, Royal Enfield dealers, and other third-party sites. When you click on these links, you will be transferred out of our Web site and connected to the Web site of the organization or company that you selected. Because Royal Enfield does not control these sites (even if an affiliation exists between our Web sites and a third party site), you are encouraged to review their individual privacy notices. If you visit a Web site that is linked to our sites, you should consult that site's privacy policy before providing any Customer Identifiable Information. Royal Enfield does not assume any responsibility or liability in elation with conduct of such third parties.
4.2              CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
When conducting business, working on Company projects, or implementing new processes or systems, an operation may require the transfer of personal information to other entities or third parties that are located outside of the Royal Enfield operation’s country of business including of third world countries.
5.       CONSENT AND CONTROL
5.1              CONSENT
Consent is often referred to as an individual’s choice to “opt-in” or “opt-out” of the Company’s use of personal information and is usually obtained by a “check box” or signature confirming the individual understands and agrees to the processing of their personal information. At times, express written consent from the individual may be required based on the information processing activity. Royal Enfield receives consent from individuals prior to:
(i)   Collecting, using, or processing their personal information, including sensitive personal information, in certain ways or sharing the individual’s personal information with any third party;
(ii)  Transferring the individual’s personal information outside of the individual’s country of residence
(iii) Using or placing web cookies on an individual’s computer or other electronic devices.
All European Union residents under the General Data Protection Regulations, at all times have the option to stop Royal Enfield from using their personal information by unsubscribing clicking here or to be forgotten and requiring your information to be expunged from Royal Enfield records by contacting myprivacy@royalenfield.com.
5.2              CONTROL OF YOUR INFORMATION
Royal Enfield also provides individuals with the right to control their personal information, which includes the right to access, modify, erase, restrict, transmit, or object to certain uses of their information.
You may request to review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise modify any of your Personal Information that you have previously provided to us through “ www.royalenfield.com”, or object to the use or processing of such Personal Information by us. If you have concerns regarding access to or the correction of your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy contact information mentioned within Section 11 “Privacy Contact Information” of this policy.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information that you have provided to us suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information that you have provided to us.
While the majority of questions and issues related to access can be handled quickly, complex requests may take more research and time. In such cases, issues will be addressed, or you will be contacted regarding the nature of the problem and appropriate next steps, within thirty days.
6.       DATA STORAGE
Royal Enfield may transfer your information from “ www.royalenfield.com” to other databases and store it on Royal Enfield or other supplier systems. Royal Enfield ensures appropriate security controls while storing data on its or its suppliers systems.
7.       COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, business partners, clients, vendors and other third party providers (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Royal Enfield ensures that our supplier employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of information through legally binding terms and conditions. However, users of our “ www.royalenfield.com” are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any Workday websites. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure area of “ www.royalenfield.com” is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution.
USE OF COOKIES
As is the case with many sites, when you visit our site and complete a registration form, we will place a "cookie" on your computer, which helps us identify you more quickly when you return. We will not use "cookies" or other devices to follow your click stream on the Internet generally, but will use them, and other devices, to determine which pages or information you find most useful or interesting at our own Web sites.
Most browsers permit you to refuse to accept a "cookie" offered by a Web site. You will not be denied access to any part of the website on account of your refusal to accept a "cookie," but your transactions through this Web site may be delayed due to the time it takes you to re-enter basic information necessary to complete a transaction.
Should you choose to unsubscribe or to be forgotten, the cookies will be disabled. For more information about cookies and its usage visit our cookie policy.
8.       RETENTION AND DISPOSAL
Royal Enfield Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the stated purposes, and should be disposed thereafter. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us via the information provided in section 11 of this privacy policy. We will respond to your request within 30 days of receipt of the request. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
9.       SUPPLIER OBLIGATIONS
Our suppliers for “ www.royalenfield.com” and therein being the custodian of
information will be liable for management of the following:
1.   security of the personal information
2.   appropriate retention and disposal of personal information
3.   appropriate storage of personal information
10.    YOUR CONSENT
Your consent to personal data collection and processing may be revoked by notifying us via our contact page. For users below the age of 16, the consent should be provided by the holder of parental responsibility of the child.
Please note, in case you choose to not provide us with the consentor withdraw the consent at any given point of time, we shall not be able to provision the services as detailed in section 2.2 of this policy.
11.    PRIVACY CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy or if you need to update, change or remove information, you can do so by contacting us by email addressed to myprivacy@royalenfield.com.
12.    CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be amended by Royal Enfield from time to time.
Find a Store