http://www.rvsafety.com/privacy-policy
RV EducationRV Technical & Safety ConferenceRV AcademyRV WeighingAboutBoard of DirectorsHistoryWho is RVSEFOur PurposeRV RecallsRVIA Supports RVSEFEducation PartnersContactContact Us
Search ...
Conference
RV Academy
RV Weighing
Privacy Policy
Tweet
This privacy policy sets out how Recreation Vehicle Safety and Education Foundation (RVSEF) uses and protects any personal identification information (name, email, phone, address) that you give when you use RVSafety.com, RVAcademy.com or when you complete forms for RV Weighing.
We are committed to ensuring your personal identification data is protected. You can be assured that the personal information you provide to RVSEF will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
If you don't agree with any modification then feel free to close your account. If you still use our services after the modifications, it means you agree with the new conditions.
RVSEF may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page to ensure that you agree with any changes. This policy is effective from July 27, 2019.
Consent
Subscribing to our websites and using our services means you agree with both this privacy policy and the use of Cookies. You can refuse them or ask us to modify/delete your data at any moment. Simply let us know via our contact form or the email address This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. You may also unsubscribe to the RVUpdates Newsletter by choosing the unsubscribe link in the email or by letting us know via our contact form or the email address This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Subscription / Profile
During the subscription processes (courses or RVUpdates Newsletter) or RV Weighing Forms we ask our users to provide us with some personal identification information such as name, username, email, address, phone and password. Some additional information is also stored (Registration date, account confirmation date, IP used to register and IP used to confirm your account). This information is stored to be compliant
and be able to check if there is any issue with someone's account.
Course Subscription Management
We save the course subscriptions you purchase, the purchase date, the expiration date, the course work you've done (progress through the class and tests taken), and the certificates earned. This information needs to be collected on our end in order to improve our support quality and to allow you to use some of our product's features
Statistics
We use some cookies on our website, collect IP addresses and open statistics on our emails in order to improve our communication and see which kind of newsletter/information is the most appreciated by our community, which allows us to improve the education we provide.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal identification information to third parties.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address you provided and if you subscribed to our newsletters
We may use general RV and weight data (without any personal identification information) to provide statistical information to the public and to other industry parties who are involved with building or promoting safety in the RV Industry.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we set up suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
None of your credit card information and/or Paypal account information is stored by RVSEF.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer's hard drive.
The file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. Cookies are used to provide the users of web sites access to different features and functionalities. Web application can also tailor operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website's functionality.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the websites in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal identification information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.