http://www.tfhmagazine.com/legal
Terms of Use
Effective as of: February 19, 2020
Please read these terms carefully before using www.TFHmagazine.com. Your use or access of this and other Central Garden & Pet Web Sites mean you have read, understood and agreed to these terms. Please leave this Web Site and do not use or access this Web Site if you do not agree to the terms set forth herein.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to www.TFHmagazine.com to understand our practices concerning privacy matters.
Copyright
All content included on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site, including without limitation text, graphics, logos and images, is the property of Central Garden & Pet Company (the parent corporation of Pet University) or its content suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Central Garden & Pet Company and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The user may forward, distribute, and/or photocopy copyrighted materials of Central Garden & Pet Company located on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site only if the entire relevant page or document is unaltered and complete, including all its headers, footers, disclaimers, and other information. You may not copy these documents to a web site.
Trademarks
Central Garden & Pet and Tropical Fish Hobbyist are trademarks or registered trademarks of Central Garden & Pet Company or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries. Central Garden & Pet Company's trademarks may be used publicly with permission only from Central Garden & Pet Company. Fair use of Central Garden & Pet Company's trademarks in advertising and promotion of Central Garden & Pet Company products requires proper acknowledgement. All other trademarks not owned by Central Garden & Pet Company or its subsidiaries that appear on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Central Garden & Pet Company or its subsidiaries.
Posting Policy
Tropical Fish Hobbyist strongly encourages users of this website to respect fellow visitors. Site users are prohibited from posting or transmitting any indecent, copyrighted, trademarked, inflammatory and defamatory remarks. Tropical Fish Hobbyist assumes no responsibility for said remarks and reserves the right to edit/remove any such remarks. Upon being notified in a timely fashion, Tropical Fish Hobbyist will investigate any information, postings, or links that contain inappropriate, false or misleading information.
Links to Other Web Sites
This site may contain links to third-party sites. The presence of such third-party links on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site do not represent an endorsement or recommendation by us of the content or reliability of such sites or the companies or products associated with such sites. Linked sites are not under the control of Central Garden & Pet Company, and Central Garden & Pet Company is not responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. If you decide to access any of the linked sites, you do this entirely at your own risk. Information on Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site; Disclaimer of Warranties
Information on Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site; Disclaimer of Warranties
We use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist website, but we make no warranties or representations of any kind as to its accuracy, currency or completeness. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions contained on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site and reserve the right to make changes anytime without notice. All information appearing on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist website is provided on an "as is" basis. CENTRAL GARDEN & PET COMPANY AND TROPICAL FISH HOBBYIST. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Central Garden & Pet Company or Tropical Fish Hobbyist be liable for any damages whatsoever. In particular, Central Garden & Pet Company or Tropical Fish Hobbyist  shall not be liable for direct, special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue or loss of use, cost of replacement goods, loss or damage to data arising out of the use or inability to use the Tropical Fish Hobbyist  Web Site or any of our products or services. This includes damages arising from use of or in reliance on the documents or information present on the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitation of these types of damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.
Applicable Laws
The Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site is controlled by Central Garden & Pet Company from its offices in the United States of America. The Tropical Fish Hobbyist  Web Site and its contents are intended to comply with the laws and regulations in the United States. Other countries may have laws and regulatory requirements that differ from those in the United States. All matters relating to your access to, or use of, the Tropical Fish Hobbyist Web Site shall be governed by U.S. federal law or the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to or use of this site shall be initiated in a state or federal court in the County of Contra Costa, State of California. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts.
Notification of Changes
These terms may be revised over time as new features are added to the Tropical Fish Hobbyist  Web Site. We will post all changes to these terms on this page and will indicate at the top of this page effective date of these terms. We therefore encourage you to refer to these terms on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current terms.
Contact Us
If you have questions concerning these terms, you may contact us by email at CustomerSupport@TFH.com or write to Tropical Fish Hobbyist, P.O. Box 427, Neptune, NJ 07754.