http://www.nycampgrounds.com/privacy-policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for visiting the Campground Owners of New York, Inc.’s (CONY’s) web site (hereinafter referred to simply as "web site"). The web site is designed to make it easy and efficient for individuals and businesses to get information from and, in certain circumstances, to interact with CONY and its affiliated members/partners. CONY recognizes the importance of protecting web site visitor's privacy and has taken measures to protect users privacy with respect to visit to this web site.
Consistent with the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act, the Freedom of Information Law, and the Personal Privacy Protection Law, this policy describes CONY’s  privacy practices regarding information collected from users of this web site. This policy describes what information is collected and how that information is used. Because this privacy policy only applies to CONY’s web site, to you would be well advised to examine the privacy policy of any web site, including other web sites linked to from this web site, that you may access.
For purposes of this policy, "personal information" means any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person. CONY does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail, responding to a survey, or completing an on-line transaction.
SUMMARY OF PRIVACY POLICY
CONY respects your privacy. CONY will not collect personal identifying information about you when you visit our web sites, unless you choose to provide us with that information. Exceptions to this policy are when such information is required for law enforcement investigations or in the case of hackers, or others who might attempt to do harm to CONY’s system. CONY will not retain "cookies" except for what is necessary to run the system. CONY may archive web server activity logs or related summaries at our discretion for an indefinite period to be used to study site usage and to aid in our efforts to improve all aspects of our sites. CONY will retain e-mail communications long enough to allow us to appropriately respond.
If you do submit personal information and requests via this web site, that information may be used only by CONY or its affiliates and only: (1) in the compilation of data for use only by CONY and its affiliates; or (2) to provide you with information or materials about CONY or New York State camping/tourism or to distribute prizes. This information will not be shared with any other organization outside of CONY.
Where appropriate, CONY may add additional terms and conditions of use and privacy for certain interactive events or programs. In such circumstances, access to the additional terms and conditions will be conspicuously displayed.
A. Information Collected Automatically When You Visit this Web Site
When visiting this web site CONY automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:
User client hostname. The hostname or Internet Protocol address of the user requesting access to a CONY’s web site.
HTTP header, "user agent." The user agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system on which that the browser is running.
HTTP header, "referrer." The referrer specifies the web page from which the user accessed the current web page.
System date. The date and time of the user's request.
Full request. The exact request the user made.
Status. The status code the server returned to the user.
Content length. The content length, in bytes, of any document sent to the user.
Method. The request method used.
Universal Resource Identifier (URI). The location of a resource on the server.
Query string of the URI. Anything after the question mark in a URI.
Protocol. The transport protocol and the version used.
None of the foregoing information is deemed to constitute personal information. The information that is collected automatically is used to improve this web site's content and to help CONY understand how users are interacting with the web site. This information is collected for statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and least interest to our users, and to improve the utility of the material available on the web site. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and CONY is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from the web site for commercial marketing purposes.
B. Cookies
Cookies are simple text files stored on your web browser to provide a means of distinguishing among users of this web site. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet web sites. To better serve you, we occasionally use "session cookies" to enhance or customize your visit to this web site. Session cookies can be created automatically on the device you use to access this CONY web site, and generally do not contain personal information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We may use the cookie feature to store a randomly generated identifying tag on the device you use to access this web site. Depending upon your system settings, session cookies may be erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed.
You may be able to personalize your computer with respect to this web site and permit a "persistent cookie" to be stored on your computer's hard drive. If not currently available, this option may be available in the future. A persistent cookie would allow the web site to tailor information presented to you based on your past needs and interests. CONY would use persistent cookies only with your permission.
The software and hardware you use to access the web site allows you to refuse new cookies or delete existing cookies. Refusing or deleting these cookies may limit your ability to take advantage of some features of this web site.
C. Information Collected When You E-mail or Complete a Transaction
During your visit to this web site you may send an e-mail to CONY. Your e-mail address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your e-mail address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, to improve this web site, or to forward your message to another entity for appropriate action. Your e-mail address is not collected for commercial purposes and CONY is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your e-mail address for commercial purposes.
During your visit to this web site you may complete a transaction such as a survey, registration, or order form. The information, including personal information, volunteered by you in completing the transaction is used by CONY to operate CONY’s programs, which include the provision of goods, services, and information. The information collected by CONY may be disclosed by CONY for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.
Unless for a children's contest, CONY does not knowingly collect personal information from children or create profiles of children through this web site. Users are cautioned, however, that the collection of personal information submitted in an e-mail will always be treated as though it was submitted by an adult or with parental approval and supervision, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or State law, be subject to public access. CONY strongly encourages parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet activities and to provide guidance whenever children are asked to provide personal information on-line.
D. Information and Choice
As noted above, CONY does not collect any personal information about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending an e-mail, responding to a survey, or completing an on-line form. You may choose not to send us an e-mail, respond to a survey, or complete an on-line form. While your choice not to participate in these activities may limit your ability to receive specific services or products through this web site, it will not normally have an impact on your ability to take advantage of other features of the web site, including browsing or downloading information.
E. Disclosure of Information Collected Through This Web Site
The collection of information through this web site and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the Internet Security and Privacy Act. CONY will only collect personal information through this web site or disclose personal information collected through this web site if the user has consented to the collection or disclosure of such personal information. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to CONY by the user, whether solicited or unsolicited, constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by CONY for the purposes for which the user disclosed the information to CONY, as was reasonably ascertainable from the nature and terms of the disclosure.
However, CONY may collect or disclose personal information without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of CONY, or necessary for CONY to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the user; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.
Further, the disclosure of information, including personal information, collected through this web site is subject to the provisions of the Freedom of Information Law and the Personal Privacy Protection Law.
CONY may disclose personal information to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to CONY's information technology assets.
F. Access to Correction of Personal Information Collected via this Web Site
Any user may submit a request to CONY to determine whether personal information pertaining to that user has been collected through this web site. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the user. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the user, or similar appropriate identification. The address to which such requests should be made is:
Campground Owners of New York, Inc. 1 Grove St., Suite 200 Pittsford, NY 14534
CONY will attempt to provide a timely response or access to the personal information; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than thirty (30) days from the date of the acknowledgment.
H. Confidentiality & Integrity of Personal Information
CONY is committed to protecting personal information collected through this web site against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, CONY limits employee access to personal information collected through this web site to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of personal information.
I. Privacy Policy Disclaimer
The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through this web site.
J. Contact Information
For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact:
Campground Owners of New York, Inc. 1 Grove St., Suite 200 Pittsford, NY 14534 (585) 586-4360
Get the 2020 Guide
Find Your Park
Find Your Park
By Region...
Adirondacks
Capital - Saratoga
Catskills
Central New York
Chautauqua - Allegheny
Finger Lakes
Greater Niagara
Hudson Valley, Long Island, New York
Thousand Islands - Seaway
Search
close