http://www.mayacamas.com/pages/privacy
Skip to main content
Photos & Stories
News & Press
Trade
Contact
1155 Lokoya Rd.
Napa, CA 94558
707-224-4030
Email
Instagram Terms
Privacy
© Mayacamas
CCOF
Napa Green
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 1, 2018MAYACAMAS VINEYARDS PRIVACY POLICY The purpose of this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is to balance Mayacamas Vineyards’ (“our” “us” or “we”) legitimate business interests in collecting and using Member Information with the reasonable expectation of privacy, which may be held by those providing such Member Information. It is necessary for us to collect and store Member Information for sales purposes, billing purposes and age verification. Signing up on our website to be a Member or making a purchase of our products constitutes acceptance of this Policy. For purposes of this Policy, “Member Information” includes any data provided by a Member when registering to be a Member of our mailing list on our website (www.mayacamas.com), including but not limited to, a Member’s name, email address, purchase history, mailing address, birthdate and credit card number. The security of Member Information is very important to us and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. We collect Member Information only in a manner deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes and comply with our legal obligations. We use commercially reasonable efforts to make our collection of Member Information consistent with all applicable laws and regulations. We exercise care in providing secure transmission and storage of information. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage is 100% secure. We cannot warrant that all data we transmit, store and collect will be completely secure. We take commercially reasonable efforts to create and maintain firewalls, restricted access and secure socket layers, and other appropriate safeguards to ensure that to the extent we control Member Information, it is used only as authorized by us and consistent with this Policy, and that Member Information is not improperly altered or destroyed. Our privacy protection practices help us maintain accurate, timely, complete and relevant information for our business purposes. Our communication system, software and database practices have been designed to aid us in supporting authenticity, integrity and confidentiality. What we do with Member Information: 1. We may sell, trade or rent Member Information to third parties that are not affiliates of or related to Mayacamas Vineyards through common ownership or contractually.  If you wish to opt-out of the sharing of your Member Information, please contact us at: contact@mayacamas.com. 2. We may use Member Information to offer goods and services we believe may be of interest to our Members even if those goods and services are offered by third parties. We may use Member Information to contact you to inquire or survey about the Member’s experience when visiting our vineyard and the prospect of future visits or improvements needed to attract additional business. We may also create and use aggregate Member Information that is not personally identifiable to understand more about the common traits and interests of our Members. 3. We may utilize one or more third-party service providers to send email or other communications to you on our behalf, including Member satisfaction surveys. These service providers are prohibited from using your email address or other contact information for any purpose other than to send communications on our behalf. 4. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial or bankruptcy proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request and to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. Emails about Special Offers and Promotions and Opt-Out It is our intention to only send email communications that would be useful to you and that you want to receive. When you provide us with your email address as part of the Member registration process, we will place you on our list of customers to receive informational and promotional emails about our wines or related products that we believe may be of interest to you. Each time you receive a promotional email, you will be provided the choice to “opt-out” of future emails by following the instructions provided in the email or you can “opt-out” at any time by clicking on “Email Promotions” on our website and following the instruction provided there. CookiesOur website may utilize “cookie” technology. “Cookies” are encrypted strings of text that a website stores on a user’s computer. Our website uses cookies throughout the online reservation process to keep together information entered on multiple pages. For example, cookies enable our website to “remember” dates entered at the start of a search for room availability at multiple locations. In addition, cookies are used to: 1. Measure usage of various pages on our website to help us make our information more pertinent to your needs and easy for you to access. 2. Provide functionality that we believe would be of interest and value to you. The two types of cookies that we use are referred to as “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted once you leave our website. Persistent cookies remain on your computer hard drive until you delete them. We do not use cookies to gather any personally identifiable information about you apart from what you voluntarily provide us in your dealings with us. Our cookies do not corrupt or damage your computer, programs or computer files. You may set your browser to block cookies (consult the instructions for your web browser on how to do this), although doing so will adversely affect your ability to perform certain transactions, use certain functionality and access certain content on our website.Compliance with LawWe may disclose Member Information to law enforcement agencies or may be required to disclose it during the discovery process in litigation, pursuant to a court order, or in compliance with any applicable law, regulation, rule or ordinance.Questions or CommentsAny questions or comments that relate to this Privacy Policy may be directed to us at Mayacamas Vineyards, 1155 Lokoya Road, Napa, CA 94558 or contact@mayacamas.com.Copyright and Trademark NoticesAll contents of this website are protected by United States and International Copyright and Trademark law. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited and may subject a violator to civil and criminal penalties. All rights reserved.Privacy Protection Policy ChangesIn the future, we may need to change this Policy. All changes will be included on this website so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. This Policy was last updated on August 1, 2018.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSBeginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Wine.com who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personally identifiable to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to contact@mayacamas.com
If you have any questions about the security of our website, please feel free to contact us at contact@mayacamas.com.
×
×
×
×