http://www.myvietnamvisa.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Check status
Home
How to apply
Visa fees
FAQs
Answers
Apply Online
More
Check requirements
How to get visa
Visa on arrival
Visa Information
Business visa
Emergency visa
Visa exemption
Contact us
Testimonials
Application forms
Urgent visa
Home
General Information
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
In these Terms and Conditions “we, our, us” refers to MyVietnamVisa.comACCEPTANCE OF TERMSPlease read these terms and conditions carefully before using this website. If you object to any of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement you should not use any of the products or services on the Website and leave immediately.You agree that you shall not use the Website for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations.You agree not to use the website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce the overall functionality of the Website.You (also) agree not to compromise the security of the Website or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, liability, losses, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement.MODIFICATIONMyVietnamVisa.com reserves the right to change any part of this agreement without notice and your use of the Website will be deemed as acceptance of this agreement. We advise users to regularly check the Terms and Conditions of this agreement.We have complete discretion to modify or remove any part of this site without warning or liability arising from such action.CANCELLATIONS AND REFUNDSWe run No-refund policy on all Vietnam visa applications submitted on our website. It is therefore important that should you wish to cancel your visa application with MyVietnamVisa.com, that you contact us immediately to prevent any unnecessary cost being incurred. Once an approval letter has been sent to your email address, we are unable to reimburse you the visa fee.It is imperative that you supply us with all the correct information required for your requested visa at the time of your intended departure. MyVietnamVisa.com cannot be held responsible for any visa granted incorrectly or refused entry due to incorrect visa information and any losses incurred. Though every effort will be made on our part to correct any visa issues prior to departure, no refund will be given by us in the event of false or incorrect information being supplied at the time of submission. We strongly recommend that you check your visa confirmation letter against your passport and personal information prior to departure.This visa is applicable to air travel only, so by applying through our website, you agree that you will fly to Vietnam in order to get your visa stamped. We will not refund in case you DO NOT enter Vietnam by air once your visa is approved.All the fees will be refunded in case your application is declined and depending on card issuers, the refund process may take 7-10 working days.VOCABULARYDate format: dd/mm/yyyy - 12th June 1980Time Zone: Vietnam standard time - GMT +7Working days: All week days except Saturday and Sunday.Working hours: 8.00 AM to 16.00 PM every working days.Multiple / Single entry: Multiple is interpreted as multiple entries, not multiple applicants.Multiple entries: means you are allowed to enter / exit Vietnam multiple times within a given period of time (1, 3 or 6 months). For example: 6 month multiple entry visa means - you are allowed to enter / exit Vietnam multitple times from the date of arrival you provide through the application form on our website plus 6 calendar consecutive months.PROCESSING TIME AND SERVICE COMPLETIONProcessing time for arranging pre-approved letter offered by MyVietnamVisa.com is based on processing time provided by Da Nang Tourism Company (The agency directly handles your visa application). Under normal circumstances, it takes 2 – 3 working days, starting from the next business day after you pay and notify us of your payment receipt. In special cases, additional documents may be required and processing time may be longer than usual. In such cases, we will inform you by email.Our service is completed once the letter of approval is sent to the email address you submitted during the application process. You are required to notify us if you do not receive the letter in time, if no email from you informing us that you do not receive the letter within 3 days, the service is understood to be completed. We are not responsible for any delay/loss caused by the Wrong email addresses supplied by applicants or the situation that applicants do not notify us by email that approval letter is not received.Once the service is completed and the approval letter is sent to the applicant, the information and record of the applicant will be automatically deleted from our system. MyVietnamVisa.com is not to be held accountable and responsible for the problems and claims associated with personal data and privacy issues.FORCE MAJEUREIn the event of any cause beyond reasonable control, including but not limited to: Acts of God, Natural Disasters, Global Pandemic, Acts of War or Terrorism, Strikes, Orders or Regulations of the Government, Government policy change, accidents, storms, etc., which may lead to declined entry of certain nationalities, we shall bear no responsibility for any associated travel costs incurred by failure to enter the country. Any completed service will not be refunded.Approval Letter AmendementThe letter of approval can not be changed once it is issued, so please make sure you double check all information to make sure that it is correct. All corrections must be notified within 15 minutes after application submission. Otherwise, the applicants are required to re-apply for a new letter of approval to make any changes.Approval Letter Validity DateThe letter of approval will be valid for a month from the date you submit/enter on our order form, not from the date you actually arrive the country.BUSINESS VISAVisa on arrival is good for TOURISM purposes only so by applying through our wesbsite you are agreed that you will use the letter of approval for tourism purposes. If you want to request a business visa approval letter, please select "Business" on our application form.DISCLAIMERSWe are not responsible for any loss, delay or cancellation of your flight ticket, tour or accommodation booking made for your trip to Vietnam in case your visa application or entry is declined or in case we are unable to send it to you on time as promised. In this case, we will refund you the full amount paid to us.Normally, it takes 2 working days to process an approval letter, however, there are also exceptions, delay due to unforeseen problems. We strongly recommend that you apply for a visa at least 1-2 weeks in advance of the travel date to avoid any potential issues.Normally, i takes around 15-20 minutes to get the visa stamped at Vietnam airport upon arrival, however, sometimes it may take longer than expected due to the large number of arrivals. The circumstances are unavoidable and we should not be held responsible for any loss incurred.Applicant is responsible for checking accurate information on approval letter. In case of mistakes, applicants are required to contact the us immediately for correction. Otherwise, applicant is fully responsible for the mistakes. If the errors are made on our part, we will process the letter of approval for free, and if it is on the applicants' part, the applicants must pay the full fee to obtain a new letter of approval. The process of getting a new letter of approval, again, will take 2-3 working days, so it is recommended that applicants check the approval letter carefully before the trip. We are not responsible for any delay/loss caused by the incorrect information on the approval letter in any circumstances.Vietnam visa approval letter is usually issued in group and therefore, you may find your name, passport number and date of birth in the same letter as other people. Only under special circumstances, request for an individual approval letter should be sent to our email address: sales@myvietnamvisa.com. MyVietnamVisa.com is not to be held accountability for any issues arising from the group approval letter.We reserve the rights to refuse any new visa requests or the visa requests which are already made on our website and in such cases, full refund will be granted.Even when your visa application is approved (the letter of approval is issued), there is still chance of being denied at Vietnam airport (Most likely, you had problems with your past entries, did not follow the immigration rules or overstay your visa). In such cases, we will make full refund for the fee that you pay for the approval letter.PRIVACY STATEMENTSee the details of our privacy statement: http://www.myvietnamvisa.com/privacy.htmlLast updated: March 19, 2020
Frequently asked questions
Contact sales if you have additional questions.
Contact support if you already submitted your visa application on our website.
Back to top
Why apply with us
3-5 working days processing
No Hidden Charges
Prompt Support via chat, email, phone
Accept Credit/Debit Cards
100% money back guarantee for declined applications
Apply Now
Need more help?
Contact us at:
(+84) 909-333-023
(8.00 AM-16.00 PM, GMT +7, Whatsapp)
or submit your inquiry online
As seen on