http://www.planetware.com/about.htm#a_legal
×
EXPLORE YOUR WORLD ×
Europe
North America
Caribbean
Central & South America
Africa & Middle East
Asia & Pacific
POPULAR
California Travel Guide
England Travel Guide
Morocco Travel Guide
Turkey Travel Guide
Site Map
Table of Contents
Contact
About Us
Advertising
Legal & Privacy
Contact Us
Suggest a Correction
Submit an Attraction
Questions and Comments
PlanetWare Technical Support
About Us
PlanetWare Inc.Richmond Hill, Ontario
Canada
Inspired by their passion for travel and adventure our travel writers share advice on attractions in destinations around the world and offer tips and ideas for fulfilling journeys. Our team aims to inspire travel, help travelers decide where to go and what to see, and ensure people make the most of their trips.
PlanetWare Inc. is a privately held corporation formed in 1995.
Display Advertising
Please contact:
advertising@planetware.com
Legal & Privacy
Click here for information on attraction submissions and listings terms, conditions and license
Terms and Conditions
PlanetWare is ©Copyright
1995-2020 PlanetWare Inc. All rights reserved. PlanetWare™ is a
registered trademark of PlanetWare Inc. Trademarks of third parties
are used with the permission of the trademark holder. All images are copyright to their respective owners. Unauthorized
duplication in part or whole is strictly prohibited by international
copyright laws without the prior written consent of PlanetWare Inc. or other respective owners.
By using PlanetWare you acknowledge your acceptance to the terms and
conditions set forth in this legal document and are bound to its
terms.
PlanetWare reserves the right to prohibit users whose intentions may
be considered malicious or against the best interests of the PlanetWare
service.
PlanetWare content may
be used exclusively for personal non-commercial and educational
purposes providing i) no direct or indirect monetary gain will arise
from its use; ii) photographs and illustrations may not be used
under any circumstances; iii) and maps are unaltered; iv) text may
be used with appropriate educational references v) the content is
not plagiarized under any circumstances; vi) if incorporated as part
of a document or presentation, credit and copyright is to be
conspicuously displayed in a location relative to the PlanetWare
content used stating "Courtesy PlanetWare Inc. All rights reserved.
(C) Copyright 2020"; vii) prior written consent from PlanetWare Inc
is required if the content will be part of a publication with a
circulation greater than 50 (fifty) copies and or
recipients whether electronically, in print or otherwise.
All advertised
features and specifications of the PlanetWare service
are subject to change without prior notice. PlanetWare is provided
on an "as-is" basis. PlanetWare makes no guarantee or warranty
as to the accuracy, suitability, performance, compatibility,
applicability, reliability or availability of the PlanetWare web
site or its content. In no event shall PlanetWare be held responsible for
any direct, indirect or consequential damages either financially,
physically or otherwise, due to the use of PlanetWare even if due to
the negligence of PlanetWare Inc.
Users
outside of North America are recommended to obtain information from
their local government as to the lawfulness of using PlanetWare
prior to use. PlanetWare shall not be held responsible for
the content of externally linked sites. The content of externally
linked sites is not endorsed or controlled by PlanetWare. Although
every measure has been taken to assure the sites we link to are of
the highest content quality and reliability, your use of provided
links to external sites is at your own risk.
This
agreement (the version held at web address
http://www.planetware.com/legal.htm)  constitutes the full and
complete understanding of the terms and conditions of using the
PlanetWare service at all times, and supersedes any prior versions
or contracts pertaining to membership or usage of PlanetWare
services. This agreement may be modified from time to time without prior notice.
Any and all future modifications to this agreement will be posted to
this page. Changes to this agreement which PlanetWare considers "major" or "of
importance" will be highlighted for a reasonable period of time.
This document was last updated June 1, 2020.
Privacy Policy
The
protection of our user's privacy is of the most paramount importance
to PlanetWare. This document outlines how the information we collect
from our users is acquired, transmitted, stored and the lifecycle of
such data. Under no circumstances will personally identifying
information collected from our users be sold, leased, rented, loaned
or given to external companies, organizations, individuals or
clients without prior user
notification and / or permission. However, PlanetWare cannot be held
liable in the event that private information is stolen, hacked
or otherwise obtained due to circumstances beyond the control of
PlanetWare. Users wishing to obtain a listing of, or make
changes to the private information stored by PlanetWare, must make a
formal written request to
info@planetware.com and allow 10 to 15 business days for
processing and responding to your request. In the event PlanetWare is acquired by a
third party, the private information of PlanetWare users will
be passed on, and continue to be bound to this privacy policy until
such time that users are adequately notified of policy
changes.
All
information which PlanetWare obtains from its users is kept
secure and confidential to the best of our abilities at all times.
This includes security protection of the physical devices storing
the information and computer based protection in the form of
passwords, encryption, signed certificates and other means. Access
to the private information of our users is limited to the employees
and authorized subcontractors of PlanetWare and technicians of its
hosting provider. Exceptions include:
third party personnel requiring access to servers for the sole
purpose of routine, scheduled or emergency maintenance; and or
upgrading of hardware, software or configurations;
law
enforcement or government agencies in order to comply with local
laws and regulations;
companies specifically authorized to perform monitoring,
technical, analytical or diagnostics services or tasks on our
servers and or other equipment.
PlanetWare collects, stores and utilizes personal information in the
following ways:
Email Newsletter
Personal information collected includes email address, optional
demographical information, IP address and date /
time stamp. This information is retained indefinitely in a
secured database environment as an account for the newsletter subscription. The
personal information is used for distribution of the email
newsletter, account administration and
customer service purposes only. This information is collected
directly from the subscriber. Private information such as
telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses and postal
addresses will not be used for the purpose of marketing third
party products, services or organizations - and are strictly
retained for purposes relating directly to PlanetWare and its
related services.
Web Traffic Statistics
Individually identifying information collected includes the IP and
host address information of our users. This information is
collection without notification to the user. The information is
used purely for general web traffic statistics and reports. The
information is not used to monitor, track or report on the usage
of individual users unless the user is suspected of illegal or
unauthorized usage of any component the PlanetWare infrastructure
is comprised of. Additional information collected on users which
is considered non-personal, and is collected without prior
knowledge of the user includes: browser version, time and date
stamp of all transactions against the PlanetWare server, referral
information, country of origin, city of origin, hosting provider.
Cookies
During usage of particular functions within PlanetWare, cookies
may be saved to the client workstation that improve the
efficiency and quality of service.
We use third-party advertising companies and advertising networks to serve ads to you
and collect information from you when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not
including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to
this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this website, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of
interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Cookie advertising features include:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
DoubleClick Platform integrations
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Google's use of cookies enables it to serve ads to our visitors on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy and https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a "device") by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. The cookie may collect information relating to your use of the Website, information about your device such as the device's IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at the Website via a link from a third-party site, the URL of the linking page.
First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, "Tags") may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser's cache. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser's cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.
The Website may collect IP addresses and location information to serve personalized ads and pass it to Mediavine. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. You may also visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.
Mediavine partners with the following data processors:
Pubmatic. You may find Pubmatic's privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Pubmatic and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Statistical information and other non-cookie technologies (such as eTags and web or browser cache) may be used by third parties on this Website. Browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on these technologies, but you may clear your cache to delete such trackers. Data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected.
Criteo. You may find Criteo's privacy policy through this link. The data collected on the Website may be transferred to Criteo and its demand partners for interest-based advertising. Criteo may collect, access, and use non-identifying data to improve the Criteo Technology and other Criteo products, programs, and/or services. This non-identifying data may include on-site user behavior and user/page content data, URLs, statistics, or internal search queries. The non-identifying data are collected through the ad call and stored with a Criteo cookie for a maximum period of 13 months.
Pulsepoint. You may find Pulsepoint's privacy policy through this link.
LiveRamp. You may find LiveRamp's privacy policy through this link. When you use the Website, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, de-identified form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp Inc, and its group companies ('LiveRamp'). LiveRamp may use a cookie on your browser and match your shared information to their on- and offline marketing databases and those of its advertising partners to create a link between your browser and information in those other databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email, in-app, etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of LiveRamp's targeted advertising, please go here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
RhythmOne. You may view RhythmOne's privacy policy through this link. RhythmOne uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as mobile device identifiers and digital fingerprinting) to provide its services. RhythmOne may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit the following webpage: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
District M. You may find District M's privacy policy through this link.
YieldMo. You may find YieldMo's privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Yieldmo or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link.
The Rubicon Project. You may find Rubicon's privacy policy through this link. If you want to opt out of receiving interest based ads from Rubicon or exercise your right under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, you may do so through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page.
Amazon Publisher Services. You may find Amazon Publisher Services' privacy policy through this link.
AppNexus. You may find the AppNexus privacy policy through this link.
OpenX. You may find OpenX's privacy policy through this link.
Verizon Media formerly known as Oath. You may find Verizon Media's privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
TripleLift. You may find TripleLift's privacy policy through this link. To opt out of receiving interest-based advertising (including retargeting) from TripleLift's services through the use of cookies in your current browser and for more information on what it means to opt-out, please go to www.triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out.
Index Exchange. You may find Index Exchange's privacy policy through this link. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Sovrn. You may find Sovrn's privacy policy through this link.
GumGum. You may find GumGum's privacy policy through this link. GumGum may (i) use place and use cookies on end users' browsers or use web beacons to collect information about end users who visit such Publisher Websites and (ii) link such collected end user information to other end user information provided by third parties in order to deliver targeted Advertisements to such end users.
Digital Remedy. You may find Digital Remedy's privacy policy through this link.
MediaGrid. You may find MediaGrid's privacy policy through this link. MediaGrid may collect and store information about end-user interactions with this website through cookies, advertising IDS, pixels and server-to-server connections. MediaGrid was receive the following information: the page an End-User has requested and the referring/exit pages; Timestamp information (i.e., the date and time the End-User has visited the page); IP address; mobile device identifier; device model; device operating system; browser type; carrier; gender; age; geolocation (including GPS coordinates); clickstream data; cookie information; first-party identifiers'; and hashed email addresses; demographic and inferred interest information; and post-conversion data (from both online and offline behaviour). Some of this data is gathered from this website and others is gathered from advertisers. MediaGrid uses this data to provide its services. You may also utilize the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page, the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page, or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out page to opt-out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising or review their privacy policy for more information.
RevContent - You may find RevContent's privacy policy through this link. RevContent may collect information about your browser or device, including browser type, IP Address, device type, user agent string, and operating system. RevContent also collects information about the websites you visit through their services, such as date and time of access and specific pages accessed and the content and ads you click on. You may opt-out of any personalization track by opting-out of RevContent's data collection.
Centro, Inc. - You may find Centro's privacy policy through this link. You may find opt-out information for Centro's services through the privacy policy link.
33Across, Inc. - You may find 33Across's privacy policy through this link. To opt-out of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Conversant. LLC - You may find Conversant's privacy policy through this link. Conversant uses information that does not directly identify you, such as information about your browser type, time and date of visit, your browsing or transaction activity, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, and a unique identifier (such as a cookie string, or a unique advertising identifier provided by your mobile device) during your visits to this and other websites and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. Conversant may use technologies such as cookies and other tracking technologies to collect this information. To learn more about interest-based advertising, or to opt-out, you can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu or https://www.networkadvertising.org/.
If you have any
questions, comments or concerns about our legal or privacy policies,
we welcome you to contact us at
info@planetware.com.
FOLLOW USWe're sharing tips, tools, advice, and new inspiring locations for you to check out on Facebook and Twitter.
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap
Legal & Privacy
Magazine
© Copyright 2020 PlanetWare Inc. All rights reserved.Unauthorized duplication in part or whole without prior written consent prohibited by international laws.