http://www.scoutcpr.org/policy.html
Home
Team News
Schedule
Registration
Pictures
Resources
About Us!
FAQ
ScoutCPR Privacy Statement
(Revised 2/25/2017)
ScoutCPR Inc. also known as The NBO Scout Training Team created this privacy statement to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Website, www.scoutcpr.org. After reading this privacy statement, users will know:
What personally identifiable information we collect from you through this Website.
The organization collecting the information.
How we use the information we collect.
With whom we share your information.
What choices are available to you about the collection, use and distribution of the information.
The security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information we collect about you.
Direct questions regarding this statement to:
webmaster@scoutcpr.org
ScoutCPR, Inc. "owns" this Website ScoutCPR Inc. operates this website, and is solely responsible for its content. Our mailing address is 8708 TECHNOLOGY FOREST PL. SUITE 100A, The Woodlands, TX 77381. The web address "scoutcpr.org" is registered to ScoutCPR Inc. and is subject to the terms and conditions of a registration agreement administered by The Optimal Link Corp. The following additional registered web address may be associated with this site: www.scoutcpr.com, and bibles4scouts.org. The Greater Houston Area Chapter of The American Red Cross has our express permission to use designated axillary pages on this site to promote special training events. Several non-public Scout, Wood Badge and ARC related FTP directories are maintained on this site.
The Optimal Link Corp 411 N Sam Houston Pkwy E #220, Houston, TX 77060 is our Internet Service Provider. Our site is hosted by special arrangement with OPLINK.NET and is subject to the terms and conditions of their web hosting agreement. The Optimal Link Corp also manages our email server. To find out more about how The Optimal Link Corp. manages the privacy of information in conjunction with our hosting agreement, please go to http://www.oplink.net.
You control the personal information this Website collects about you Your privacy is very important to us. The NBO Scout Training Team Inc. recognizes the importance
of protecting the privacy of you as a user of this Website. This Website does not collect Personal Information about
You control the personal information this Website collects about you Your privacy is very important to us. ScoutCPR Inc. recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of you as a user of this Website. This Website does not collect Personal Information about you except for information that you voluntarily provide. This includes class registration information and your email messages sent to us.
What we consider "Personal Information" Personal Information is treated confidentially. We consider, as a minimum, the following to be Personal Information: your name, address, phone number, fax number, date of birth, your e-mail address and data about the pages you visited on this Website.
We use the information collected on this Website as part of our Course Registration Procedure Under our normal practice, the personal information you entered on our Website will be retained by us only as long as necessary to meet the needs of our registration process or to meet any legal requirements. We will not provide any personal information gathered from this Website to a third party except to the extent required to process course records and completion certificates. For example, we will share information you have provided with the American Red Cross or other authorized training agencies as is necessary to conduct the class for which you have registered.
You are not required to provide us with any personal information on this website. If you do not want us to collect and use the requested information for the purpose stated, please do not provide it. You may register for our classes by other means. You may correspond with us by mail, by fax or phone. However, please note that you must provide the information required by authorized training agencies in order to receive the appropriate certificates.
Email is handled by our Internet Service Provider Email messages are handled in accordance with the policies and procedures of our ISP. Messages are also archived to our local database, which is under the direct control of our "postmaster". We will immediately honor any request to remove email from our local database. postmaster@scoutcpr.org
We DO NOT and WILL NOT sell your personal information to any third party ScoutCPR Inc. does not use third party advertising or commercial links to fund our organization. Also we have numerous links to other websites. ScoutCPR Inc. is not responsible for the privacy policies of these external websites.
This Website does not use or require "cookies" This Website does not use electronic tracking messages stored on your computer, often called "cookies". You may configure your browser software to reject cookies and still access all of the features of our website.
We take reasonable precautions to protect information you provide The privacy of any information you provide that is stored on our ISP's equipment is protected by acceptable industry standard methods of protecting files and limiting unauthorized access. Information stored in our local database is under our direct control and is not generally available to anyone other than members of ScoutCPR.
We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act became effective April 21, 2000. The regulations apply to the online collection of personal information from children under 13. ScoutCPR Inc. does not solicit any information from children under the age of 13.
You can correct any incorrect information You have the right to request access to and to correct any information about you that we have collected. If you wish to access or correct your personal data held by us, please email webmastre@scoutcpr.org. Please let us know the form you used to enter your information, the original particulars of your personal data, and the desired alterations. We will quickly comply with your request.
We may change our "Privacy Statement and Policy" at any time Our Board of Directors periodically reviews this "Privacy Statement and Policy" and we may change it any time. It is our intent to comply with all applicable laws relating to the collection of personal information on the Internet. We will, as we deem appropriate, comply with the policies of the Boy Scouts of America, the American Red Cross, or other similar organizations as they relate to the gathering and use of personnel information on the Internet though we are under no obligation to do so.
Internet Site Use Terms and Conditions (Revised 02/17/2017)
Please Read the Following Terms and Conditions Carefully. By using the pages in this website, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you should not use this website.
Our "Official" Copyright Notification © Copyright 2001 - 2017, The NBO Scout Training Team Inc. and ScoutCPR Inc. All rights reserved.
Restrictions on Use Unless we have specifically indicated otherwise, any person is authorized to view, copy, print, and distribute any of the information published on this website subject to the following conditions:
The contents of our website may be used for informational, non-commercial purposes only.
Any use of the contents of our website or portion thereof must include ScoutCPR copyright notice and/or the copyright notice of the listed "owner" of the document.
ScoutCPR Inc. retains the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and for any reason. You must agree to discontinue the use of any material from our website immediately upon notice from ScoutCPR Inc. or upon notice from the listed "owner" of the document.
The text, layouts, graphics, and logos used at this website are protected by U.S. copyright laws. The logos and graphics of other organizations, their affiliates and subsidiaries published on our website are also protected by U.S. copyright laws. Permission to use or display logos and graphics from other organizations is subject to the terms and conditions of these organizations.
Restriction of Liability ScoutCPR Inc. will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or line failure. ScoutCPR Inc. will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site or a site which is linked to this site, even if there is negligence on the part of The Northern Branch Office Scout Training Team or an authorized affiliate has been advised of the possibility of such damages, or both. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. The Northern Branch Office Scout Training Team's total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise) will not be greater than the amount you paid to access this site.
This website may be linked to other websites which are not maintained by ScoutCPR. ScoutCPR Inc. is not responsible for the content of those sites. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by ScoutCPR Inc. of the sites. ScoutCPR Inc. makes no representations whatsoever about any other Website which you may access through this website.
Submissions ScoutCPR Inc. will be entitled to use all remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to us through this website for any commercial, fundraising or other purpose whatsoever, without compensation to you or any other person. All such information will become the property of ScoutCPR, Inc.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not ScoutCPR, have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Disclaimer The material in this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. ScoutCPR, Inc. may make changes or improvements at any time.
The Materials in this site are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ScoutCPR Inc. disclaims all warranties or merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. ScoutCPR Inc. does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. ScoutCPR Inc. does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the material in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
This is the "Official" Website of ScoutCPR Inc. Information contained on this site is not an "Official Communication" of the Boy Scouts of America or any of its subsidiary organizations. Information contained on this site is not an "Official Communication" of the American Red Cross. Links to these and other organizations does not imply endorsement or approval of our programs or the materials published on this site, by these or any other organizations.
Termination ScoutCPR Inc. or you may terminate this agreement at any time. You may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from ScoutCPR Inc. website. ScoutCPR Inc. may terminate this agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials.
Miscellaneous If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Possible evidence of use of this site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site.
ScoutCPR Inc. can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting.
Information on ScoutCPR Inc. Website is provided with the understanding that ScoutCPR Inc. is not rendering professional advice or recommendations. You should not rely on any information on these pages to replace consultations with qualified professionals to meet your individual needs.
Trademark Information The "Two Coons and an Armadillo" graphic is our "Official Logo". ScoutCPR Inc. has exclusive rights to its use.
All other trademarks displayed on this site or through links to other sites are the property of the respective trademark owners.
© Copyright 2017 ScoutCPR, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
CONTACT US
|
POLICY STATEMENT
Site Updated 02/25/2017