http://www.gsctx.org/en/our-council/privacy-policy-0.html
FAQs
Contact Us
Forms
Shop
Locations & Hours
En Español
JOIN
JOIN
ABOUT
ABOUT
PROGRAMS
PROGRAMS
EVENTS
EVENTS
CAMPS
CAMPS
COOKIES
COOKIES
VOLUNTEERS
VOLUNTEERS
OUR COUNCIL
COUNCIL
DONATE
DONATE
MY GS
MY GS
JOIN ABOUT PROGRAMSEVENTS CAMPS COOKIES VOLUNTEERS COUNCILDONATE MY GS
FAQs
Contact Us
Forms
Shop
Locations & Hours
En Español
About Girl Scouts of Central TexasNewsroomAlumnaeLocations & Hours of OperationForms and DocumentsCareersContact UsFAQsCOVID-19 Information
Our CouncilPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Girl Scouts of Central Texas, a
501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in 12012 Park
Thirty-five Circle, Austin, TX 78753, USA ("Girl Scouts of
Central Texas" or "we"). Our online properties comprise
of, but are not limited to, all pages found on our site (www.gsctx.org), and certain partner sites. This
privacy policy applies to these sites and other sites, mobile apps or
other online services we operate that link to this policy
(collectively, referred to below as the site).
Girl Scouts of Central Texas is committed to respecting and
protecting the privacy of our visitors. This privacy policy discloses
how we collect, protect, and use Personal Data you provide or we
collect online, as well as how we protect children's privacy.
“Personal Data” is any information relating to an identified or
identifiable person, for example, your email address, name, or phone
number. If our policy practices change in the future, we will let you
know by posting our revised privacy policy on our site. By using the
pages on this site or other services covered by the posted Privacy
Policy, you are accepting the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION
At our site, we do not collect Personal Data from individuals unless
they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly and as described in
this Privacy Policy. This means we do not require you to register or
provide information to us in order to view our site. Girl Scouts of
Central Texas only gathers Personal Data on our site, such as names,
addresses, Zip/postal codes, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily
submitted by a visitor. Once collected, we may combine this
information with other information collected from external sources,
where permitted by applicable law.
Girl Scouts of Central Texas may automatically collect certain
technical information from your computer such as your Internet service
provider, your Internet Protocol address, your browser type, your
operating system, the web pages viewed, the web pages viewed
immediately before and after accessing the website, and the search
terms entered to get to our site. This information may contain
Personal Data. This information will only be used and processed by us
to improve and customize our services. We and our service providers
may collect this information using "cookies," which are
small text files that many websites save on your computer, or similar
technologies. See the section on "Use of Cookies and Similar
Technology" below for more information.
USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
The Personal Data you provide and that we collect is used and
processed by Girl Scouts of Central Texas and other entities who are
involved by us in the operation of this site or who provide support
for the Girl Scouts of Central Texas mission and programs, for general
business purposes and for purposes for which you provided the
information.  General business purposes are Girl Scouts of Central
Texas membership activities, program participation, marketing,
promotions, sales, merchandising, and fundraising activities and
communications. The purposes for which you provide information
includes, for example, our use of your Personal Data to process online
transactions, purchases, and donations, facilitate participation in
Girl Scouts of Central Texas programs, promotions and services, or
process job applications.
We do not sell Personal Data or other information you provide to us
online with third parties. We may share Personal Data with the
following categories of third parties: (i) with Girl Scouts of the USA
or other Girl Scout Councils; (ii) when the person submitting the
information authorizes us to share it; (iii) when sharing the
information is with a service provider in furtherance of our
operations or the operation of the site, for instance, to process a
purchase or other transaction you make; (iv) to facilitate
participation in Girl Scouts of Central Texas programs, promotions,
and services, or to engage in Girl Scouts fund raising, marketing
communications and promotions; (v) to comply with legal processes such
as a subpoena or court order or to otherwise protect your or our legal
rights; or (vi) for other purposes for which you provided the
information. Girl Scouts of Central Texas has no control over or
responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third
parties that process online transactions. For example, if you make a
purchase on our site using a PayPal account or similar account of a
third-party payment provider, certain information is transmitted to
the payment provider and is subject to the third-party's own privacy
policy.  We do not share or exchange your Personal Data collected
online or offline with third parties (other than Girls Scouts of the
USA and other chartered Girl Scout Councils) for their fundraising or
marketing purposes, and only in accordance with applicable law and any
required consents.
Your Personal Data is collected through, stored, and processed by us
or our service providers in the United States of America or other
countries that may not be your home country and that might not be
deemed to provide protections equivalent to your home country.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Girl Scouts of Central Texas is committed to providing a safe,
secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our site. We
are dedicated to safeguarding any Personal Data collected online and
to helping parents and children have positive experiences on the Internet.
We will never knowingly request Personal Data from anyone under the
age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. With parental
consent, we may collect Personal Data from children under the age of
13 such as: name, address, email address, account information, and
user generated content. This information allows us to fulfill a
requested transaction and facilitate participation in online programs,
keep records, undertake certain marketing activities (only in
accordance with applicable law and any required consents), or to
otherwise customize or enhance the site experience for children.
Children under the age of 13 may be able to make certain content
such as user generated content visible to others or the public. This
could include, for example, a web page or parts of web pages operated
by children that have been designed for group or public viewing.
However, absent parental consent, children under 13 would be allowed
to display only limited information such as a first name or unique
user name or other information that does not allow for online
contacting by third parties.
Regardless of what information is displayed, parents can revoke
their consent and ask that information about their children be deleted
from the site by contacting our offices by phone at (800) 733-0011 or
via email.  To do this or to review Personal Data
collected from children, we must verify the identity of the requesting
parent. When a parent revokes consent, we will stop collecting, using,
processing, or disclosing information from that child. To respect the
privacy of parents, information collected and used for the sole
purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notice
is not maintained in retrievable form by the site if parental consent
is not obtained after a reasonable time.
The Personal Data and other information collected from or about
children under the age of 13 or otherwise may be collected by or
shared with the child's troop.
Submissions Girl Scouts of Central Texas welcomes
children to learn more about our organization and, where appropriate,
participate in polls and surveys, as well as submit comments, artwork,
writings, and other submissions for posting on our website. For this
reason, Girl Scouts of Central Texas follows the guidelines for
interactive electronic media published by the Children's Advertising
Review Unit (CARU) of the Better Business Bureau for pages targeted to
children under 13. However, we encourage this be done only with their
parent's knowledge and supervision. We also encourage children to use
an alias (e.g., "Bookworm", "Skater", etc.), first
name, nickname, initials, or other alternative to full names or screen
names which correspond with an email address for any activities which
will involve public posting.
In keeping with CARU's Principle regarding respecting and fostering
the parents' role in providing guidance for their children, we
encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of email
and other online activities regularly.
USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Visitors should be aware that Personal Data and non-personal
information and data may be automatically collected by the Girl Scouts
of Central Texas website through the use of "cookies" or
other similar technologies such as web beacons. "Cookies"
are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors,
facilitate the visitor's ongoing access to and use of the site, and
allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that
will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come
onto a visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by
assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside
the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected
through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most
browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature.
"Web beacons" are a small snippet of code embedded in web
pages typically used to monitor activity on a web page and transfer or
collect information, such as information about your Internet Protocol
address, the URL of the page on which the beacon is located, the
browser type that is accessing the site, and the ID number of cookies
placed on your computer.
Girl Scouts of Central Texas uses "cookie" technology only
to obtain information including Personal Data from its online visitors
in order to improve visitors' online experience and facilitate their
visit within our site. Girl Scouts of Central Texas may use web
beacons to improve website services, conduct website analytics,
first-party advertising relating to us and our sponsors, and to
optimize the browsing experience.
Cookies expire after they have fulfilled their purpose. Our websites
use cookies that expire when you close your browser (i.e., session
cookies) or that expire after a set period of time (i.e., persistent
cookies). Cookies that are stored by third parties will have their
expiration period determined by the third-party, not us.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
This site may be linked to other sites and services that are not
maintained by Girl Scouts of Central Texas. These websites have their
own privacy policies, which you should review prior to visiting them.
We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links
solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
OUR SECURITY SAFEGUARD
The safety and security of your online experience is of the utmost
concern to us. We take measures to implement reasonable physical,
electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the
information we collect online.
Credit Card Safety Protecting the safety of your credit
card information is also important to us. For card transactions we
process, we use Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology to protect
the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to
us. TLS is an Internet encryption technology, and a method of
scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website
servers. We also encrypt your credit card number when we store your
order and whenever we transfer that information to participating merchants.
To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit
sensitive information, check the document for your browser for
indication of a TLS connection (most browsers utilize an unbroken or
closed padlock). Verify that TLS is active before submitting sensitive
information to our server. To double-check, verify that the TLS or
Address line of your browser for our site begins with "https."
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to
your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished
using a shared computer.
Children If you are under 18, you need parent/guardian
permission to use a credit card to make purchases online.
Your Right to Opt Out from Receiving Marketing Communications
You may opt out from our using your Personal Data to send
marketing communication to you. When you register for a contest or
promotion, we provide you with the option to receive or not to receive
additional marketing communications from us. If you choose to receive
these additional communications and later change your mind, you may
unsubscribe from those additional communications at any time. For
example, email messages will contain instructions on how to
“unsubscribe” from receiving the email in question.
Your Right to Access, Correct, and Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to ask us which Personal Data we hold about
you. In addition, you have the right to correct or delete Personal
Data we hold about you. If you want to request a correction or
deletion of the Personal Data we hold about you, you must contact us
by mail at:  Girl Scouts of Central Texas, 12012 Park Thirty-five
Circle, Austin, TX 78753, Attention:  Customer Care.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact
us at:
Girl Scouts of Central Texas 12012 Park Thirty-five
Circle Austin, TX 78753
Phone: (800) 733-0011 Monday-Friday, 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.
Central Time.
Email You can contact us via email. Send us your
question, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for visiting our site.
This Privacy Policy was last updated October 2017.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
eBiz
Girl Scouts of Central Texas is a 501(c)(3) organization (EIN:74-1109644).