http://www.freestatebrewing.com/privacy-policy/
Free State Brewing Company
Home
Beer
Events
Restaurant
Our Story
Order Now
Shop
"Because without beer, things do not seem to go as well."
Let's Talk Beer
Contact us
Sign up for our Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
We won't sell you out
Free State Brewing Company Online Privacy Policy
This document describes Free State's policy regarding information received about you during visits to the freestatebrewing.com site. The amount and type of information received depends on how you use the site. These privacy provisions apply solely to Free State's online information collection activities on this website and are not applicable to information collection practices in which Free State Brewing Co. may be engaged elsewhere. By using this site, you signify your assent to the Free State Brewing Compnay Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revision will appear on this page.
No Guarantee or Warranty
Your confidential use of this site cannot be guaranteed by Free State. Free State shall not be responsible for any harm that you or any person may suffer as a result of a breach of confidentiality in respect to your use of this site or any information you transmit to this site.
Collection and Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information
If you choose to send us your personal information via forms on our website, we will use that personal information for the stated use. Your personal information is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data. Your personal information will not be shared with any third parties. By opting in to receive Free State's e-newsletters, you also agree to receive other similar email communications from Free State from time to time. All broadcast emails you receive from Free State include opt-out links that allow you to unsubscribe from future emails. Please note that this website does not collect or process orders for merchandise; if you want to order merchandise, you will be redirected to the Store.FreeStateBrewing.com, hosted by Yahoo! Store website, which has a different privacy policy. Please review the Yahoo! Store privacy policy before ordering any merchandise.
Collection of Non-Identifying Information
When you visit our website to read pages or download information, our web server logs automatically collect and store the following non-identifying information: the Internet protocol (IP) address from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time our site is accessed; the pages visited; the last site you visited before arriving at our site. We also use Google Analytics™ web analytics service to track additional non-identifying information (such as keywords used in searches to find our site, which pages are visited on our site, how long pages are viewed, etc.).
Disclosure for Legal Purposes
Free State Brewing Company reserves the right to disclose any personally identifiable information or other information we collect through this website if we are required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that the disclosure is necessary in order to (a) conform with the requirements of law or to comply with legal process served on us; (b) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Free State Brewing Company, Free State's website or its users, or third-party licensors of any material on Free State's website; or (c) in an emergency to protect the health or safety of the users of Free State's website or the general public.
We Do Not Seek Information from Children
If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit your email address or any other personal information through the Free State Brewing Company website. Free State's website is not intended for children under the age of 13. Free State does not knowingly collect personal information from children that young.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that a website transfers to the hard drive of a user's computer in order to track site and user activity. The use of cookies is standard on the web and you will find them in use by most major websites. Free State's site uses cookies. When users submit forms on our site, cookies allow the site to identify those users and track which pages they view when they return to the site in the future. If you wish to not have cookies placed on your computer by the Free State website, you can control the management of cookies using your web browser's preferences (your personal settings).
Links to Other Websites
This site includes links to other websites. These sites are not under our control. Such other sites do not necessarily follow our privacy policies, and may place their own cookies on your computer. This practice is standard on the web, and we do not control cookies placed on your computer by third parties whose links appear on our site. Those sites have their own privacy and information security policies and terms and conditions.
Last Updated March 1, 2012
©2020 Free State Brewing Company
636 Massachusetts Street, Lawrence, Kansas 66044
(785) 843-4555
Contact
Privacy Statement
Employment
Facebook
Twitter