http://www.saami.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy – SAAMI
Skip to content
Member Login
About SAAMI
About
History
Technical Committees
Legal & Legislative
Regulatory Affairs (SLARAC)
International
Technical Information
SAAMI Standards
Cartridge & Chamber Drawings
New Cartridge & Chamber Drawings
Unsafe Firearms & Ammunition Combinations
Reference & Proof Ammunition
Recoil Formulae
Transportation and Storage Regulation Information
Transport Data Sheets
Glossary of Transport Terms
Resources
Publications & Advisories
Firearm Safety Rules
Informational Publications and Advisories
Sporting Ammunition & Firefighting
Smokeless Powder and The Fire Service
Lead Mobility
Product Manuals
Purchase
Membership
Member Companies
Membership Requirements
Membership Application
FAQs
Glossary
News
Search
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
The Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers’ Institute, Inc.® (“SAAM®”) has created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your online privacy. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement which explains the data collection, storage and usage practices of the SAAMI Web site.
Non-Personal Information That May Be Collected On The Web
The following information may be collected and stored automatically from all visitors accessing the SAAMI Web site:
The Internet domain and Internet Protocol address from which our site is accessed;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time our site is accessed;
The Web pages visited by our visitors; and
If visitors link to SAAMI’s Web site from a referring Web site, the address of that Web site.
This information is gathered to create summary statistics which may be used to track Web site traffic patterns, assess what information is of most interest to online visitors, determine Web site design specifications and identify system performance or problem areas. This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personal information of online visitors.
Personal Information That May Be Collected On The Web
You are welcome to visit SAAMI’s Web site and access the public information contained therein without revealing any personal information. Occasionally, however, you may send us questions or comments electronically that contain personal information about yourself. The personally identifiable information that may be collected by SAAMI’s Web site in these circumstances includes but is not limited to the following: names, postal and e-mail addresses, telephone and facsimile numbers.
SAAMI’s Web site may also collect business information from organizations that submit questions or comments, some of which could constitute personal information.
How Personal Information May Be Used
SAAMI’s Web site may use personal information to reply to inquiries and requests. SAAMI’s Web site may also store personal information received from online visitors in a proprietary database, on mailing lists, or both. As a database or mailing list participant, visitors may periodically receive organization-related information and news, industry bulletins, promotional materials or other communications.
SAAMI’s Web site may also share personal information of online visitors with affiliated and nonaffiliated organizations. If you subscribe to certain services or send questions or comments electronically that contain personal information, SAAMI’s Web site may redirect your message to affiliates who can better process your request or respond to your questions. Additionally, SAAMI’s Web site may share personal, non-credit card account information with suppliers and other nonaffiliated organizations. These nonaffiliated organizations may use this information to send you notices about their products or services.
Finally, SAAMI’s Web site may release personal information of online visitors if required by law, or to establish or exercise SAAMI’s legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Children
SAAMI’s Web site will not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 13 without insisting that they seek prior parental consent as required by applicable law. We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to respond to a one-time request from a child, to seek consent from a child’s parent/legal guardian, to protect a child, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Security Of Personal Information
SAAMI’s Web site has implemented physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect all personal information collected from visitors online and to prevent unauthorized access, use and disclosure of this information. Third parties that have access to personal information of our online visitors are required to protect this information.
Opt-Out
SAAMI’s Web site provides visitors with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving periodic communications. If you no longer want to receive e-mails or promotional information from SAAMI or do not want to have your personal information disclosed to nonaffiliated organizations, you can contact optout@saami.org at any time. Please note it may be impossible for SAAMI to completely delete or modify information without some residual information remaining in back-ups or other historical databases we may maintain. We reserve the right to refuse to remove or modify information if we request proof of authority and none is provided to us. Please note that we can only modify information in our records and do not have the ability to modify or remove third-party records.
Tracking and Use of Cookies
Currently, SAAMI’s Web site does not employ the use of “cookies” to track, collect or distribute personal information of our visitors.
Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of the SAAMI, or your experiences with SAAMI’s Web site, please contact:
Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers’ Institute, Inc.
11 Mile Hill Road
Newtown, Connecticut 06470-2539
(203) 426-4358
Changes In This Privacy Statement
SAAMI reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be posted on this page. We encourage you to visit this page frequently to stay informed.
EFFECTIVE: November 17, 2009
© 2020 Sporting Arms and Ammunition
Manufacturers' Institute, Inc. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Linking Policy
Site Map
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. By clicking "Accept" or using our website, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them. ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.