http://www.mdx-way.com/about/privacy
Skip to main content
About MDX
History of MDX
Board of Directors
MDX Expressway Map
MDX Toll Rates
MDX Partners
MDX Policies
Road Rangers
Report Fraudulent Activity
Public Records Request
Careers
Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting the Miami-Dade Expressway Authority (MDX) website. Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement describes what information is collected or otherwise obtained from users of the MDX website. Your access and use of this website constitutes your acceptance and agreement with this statement. If you do not agree with this statement or with the way your information may or will be used, you should not provide any information to MDX through this website.
In order to better serve you, MDX collects certain information about you and other users of this website. Our web server automatically recognizes and records information about your computer hardware and software, such as, without limitation: your IP address, browser type, domain names and access times. MDX also collects information about users of this website as a result of their use of the website, including, without limitation: user domain names and aggregate information as well as user-specific information regarding pages accessed by users and personal and other information volunteered by users, such as survey information and site registrations.
The information collected is used to, among other things: improve the content of this website, customize the content and/or layout of this website and notify registered users about updates to this website. MDX will also disclose your information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with requirements of law or legal process; (b) protect and defend rights or property; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of users of this website or other persons. MDX may also use your information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens the network or otherwise violates applicable law(s) or terms and conditions of usage of this website.
MDX has implemented encryption technologies and secure servers, as appropriate, in an effort to safeguard information it has collected from you at this site against unauthorized access. However, you acknowledge and agree that perfect security is not possible.
If you feel that MDX has not followed this Privacy Statement you may contact us in one of three ways:
By U.S. Mail:
3790 NW 21st Street
Miami, Florida 33142
By electronic mail:
publiccomm@mdxway.com
By telephone:
305.637.3277
Disclaimer: Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public-records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Further, if you choose to share personal information, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the State of Florida's document retention schedule and, Chapter 119, Florida Statutes. Your information may also be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, as required by state or federal law. Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.