http://www.diveanglesey.co.uk/cookies-privacy-policy
HOME
ABOUT
ABOUT
About Anglesey Divers
Cookies & Privacy Policy
COURSES
COURSES
Try Scuba Diving
SSI Scuba Diver
SSI Open Water Diver
SSI Advanced Adventurer
SERVICING
SERVICING
Equipment Servicing
Top Tips
What We Do
WHAT'S ON
GALLERY
GALLERY
Gallery
Dive Club
GIFT VOUCHERS
CONTACT
LINKS
Cookies & Privacy Policy
Anglesey Divers respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information at all times. We make sure that our customers have the full access and protection which the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) allows.
Your Personal Data:
What we need
This website will be what is known as the "Controller" of the personal data you provide to us, which may include name, address, email and so on.
Why we need it
Your data is collected primarily for fulfilment of your orders and relaying of messages you send through this website.
What we do with it
Your data provided to this website is relayed to the website owner, and is archived by the website service provider Theimagefile.com.
The service provider data archive exists primarily in Ireland.
How long we keep it
Your online order data is stored for a number of years as required by tax law.
Some aspects of your online order data can be anonymised at your request and to the extent allowable by law.
Your other non-order data (i.e. marketing or messaging data) can be deleted or anonymised at your request, as per requirements of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
You may also unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time.
What are your rights?
If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect, you may request to see this information and even have it corrected or deleted.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.
Unless otherwise stated in this document, the managing director of this website acts as the EU Data Protection Officer (DPO) and can be reached from the contact page of this website.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser.
They are widely used to "remember" you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a "session cookie") or for multiple repeat visits (using a "persistent cookie").
They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in.
Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as "first party cookies"), or by other websites who serve up content on that site ("third party cookies").
Cookies on this website
This website uses cookies for a variety of different purposes.
These include those that are "strictly necessary" for technical reasons; those that enable a personalized experience for visitors and registered users; and those that interact with selected third party networks.
Some of these cookies may be set when a page is loaded, or when a visitor takes a particular action, such as clicking a "like" button.
Below is a description of each category of cookies that are in use, along with specific examples.
Strictly Necessary
These are the cookies that are essential for websites to perform their basic functions.
These include those required to allow registered users to authenticate and perform account related functions, as well as to save the contents of virtual "carts" on sites that have an e-commerce functionality:
sid - temporary session cookie identifier, used for login sessions and shopping cart
tif_cem - temporary session cookie for current email, used for secure albums requiring email login
tx1_EGS - temporary session cookie storing search term for album searches
tx1_fmm - temporary session cookie allowing viewing desktop site from mobile & vice versa
Unless otherwise noted below, we do not use persistent cookies, nor cookies for optional functionality, AB testing, performance, advertising and so on.
Third Party/Embedded Content
This website may make use of different third party applications and services to enhance the experience of website visitors.
These include social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter (through the use of sharing buttons), or embedded content from YouTube and Vimeo, or tracking services such as Google Analytics.
As a result, cookies may be set by these third parties, and used by them to track your online activity.
We have no direct control over the information that is collected by these cookies.
Controlling cookies
Visitors may wish to restrict the use of cookies, or completely prevent them from being set.
Most browsers provide for ways to control cookie behaviour such as the length of time they are stored - either through built-in functionality or by utilizing third party plugins.
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For more details on advertising cookies, and how to manage them, visit youronlinechoices.eu (EU based) or aboutads.info (US based).
It's important to note that restricting or disabling the use of cookies can limit the functionality of sites, or prevent them from working correctly at all.
Web beacons and other tracking technologies
Both websites and HTML e-mails may also contain other tracking technologies such as "web beacons". These are typically small transparent images that provide us with statistics, for similar purposes as cookies. They are often used in conjunction with cookies, though they are not stored on your computer in the same way. As a result, if you disable cookies, the web beacons may still load, but their functionality will be restricted.