https://www.a1excursion.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Company Privacy Policy !!
Trekking in Nepal Any communication, personal information that you share with us will be remained fully protected. We would therefore like to let you to be familiar with our privacy policy as described herewith.
Any email address, telephone number, postal address or name of any company or organization that you exchange with us, we put them under confidential subject matter. We strictly discourage to sell or trade or publish any of the information supplied by any visitors. In case if you receive information from A1 Excursion Adventure Company, it is because you have requested it, or a friend / colleague has requested it on your behalf.
- Trekking in Nepal The personal information that we collect from our site to identify you
We require your personally identifiable information like name, address, email address and/or telephone numbers etc. in order to be in touch with you. You may visit our website and supply us your personal information to request more detail information regarding trip or to update in in our website. A1 Excursion Adventure Company never misuses your personal information and use exclusively for the particular intention you have expected from us like to answer your question orquery etc. To facilitate you to contact us straight via our mailing address, we do always use our e-mail links sited on our website.
- Trekking in Nepal Correct and update information
Provided you opt to amend or validate the date that we might have already received from you, you can contact us at info@a1excursion.com or info@himalayaexcursion.com
- Trekking in Nepal Travel security with us
Your any personally identifiable information will never be made public and is stored on servers for security. Even such information is accessible by A1 Excursion Adventure Company's staffs only when they are "must to be familiar with" for them. Next one is, when you pay for any trip or buy any product over credit cards, the details of credit cards will not be stored on our database.
- Trekking Tours in Nepal Links to other web sites
In this site (containing links to other websites), you should be aware of that as you click on any one of these links given in this section, you will directly enter into another site. Thus, we do always remind you to read the policy statements of these given links first for their privacy policy may usually varies from that of ours.
- Trekking Tours in Nepal Renewal of the policy:
Whenever necessary, the stated policy is subject to revise or to timely update. For that reason, if you have any query, concern regarding to our company privacy / policy or whatever do feel free to write on  info@a1excursion.com or info@himalayaexcursion.com
Company info
A1 Excursion with Lonely PlanetBooking ProcedureCancellation & RefundsCompany ProfileLegal DocumentsOur TeamPayment MethodsTerms & ConditionsWhy With Us
Make an Enquiry
Share It
Associated and certified
We accept credit card
To receive new adventure explore, offers, updates and tour packages via email.
Subscribe