http://www.businessair.com/content/heartland-communications-group-inc-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Heartland Communications Group Inc. Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Heartland Communications Group, Inc. (“Heartland”) of Fort Dodge, Iowa. If you would like to contact us by regular street mail, please use this address:
Heartland Communications Group, Inc. 1003 Central AvenueFort Dodge, Iowa50501
You may also contact us using these telephone numbers: 515-955-1600 800-247-2000 You may also contact us using this email address: info@hlipublishing.com
If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy, you may contact Mr. Jon Berg, Director of Information Services, at the above address and telephone numbers, or send an email to privacy@hlipublishing.com
Heartland respects your privacy. We are particularly sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and therefore we provide this Privacy Policy so you know about our online information practices and understand how we treat the information we receive about you from the Internet. In general, you can browse this web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We are, however, able to determine your Internet service provider’s (ISP) address and domain name (i.e. aol.com, hotmail.com, etc.). We use this information to help administer this web site, to measure the use of the web site and to improve the content of the web site. So we know where, in a general sense, our visitors are coming from, but we do not know whom you are unless you tell us by filling out a form. There are several things you can do on Heartland’s web sites that may require you to give us personal information about yourself, such as subscribe to a magazine, purchase an item, participate in a blog, submit and article, sell equipment, etc. How we use that information varies depending on why you have given it to us. Here are the details:
Your Email Address Receiving Email Notification
If you give us your email address to receive weekly email publications or notifications of posted publications or events, we will use the email address to send you the requested item. We may also contact you via email with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. But we will not rent, sell, or give your email address to any third party.
Taking Part in a Survey
If you give us your email address to be entered in a drawing for a product or service after completing an online survey, we will use the email address to enter you in the contest, and to contact you if you are a winner. We may also contact you with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. But we will not rent, sell, or give your email address to any third party.
Taking Part in a Forum
If you give us your email address so you can take part in one or more of our forums, we will use the email address to contact you to confirm your identity, to notify you of new posts and replies, and to contact you if you forget your password or user ID and ask us to email them to you. When signing up to take part in the forum, you may choose whether to display your email address in your posts in the forum. We may also contact you with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. But we will not rent, sell, or give your email address to any third party.
Ordering Product
If you give us your email address on an order form when purchasing a product from one of Heartland’s e-commerce web sites, we will use the email address to contact you if there is a question about your order or to inform you if something you ordered is out of stock. We may also use your email address to contact you with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. But we will not rent, sell, or give your email address to any third party.
Subscribing to a Magazine
If you give us your email address when you subscribe to one of our magazines, we may use your email address to contact you when it is time to renew your subscription. We may use your email address to contact you with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. But we will not rent, sell or give your email address to any third party.
Your Street Address and Telephone Number Ordering Product
If you give us your street address and telephone number on an order form when purchasing a product from one of Heartland’s e-commerce web sites, we will use the street address to fulfill your order, and the telephone number to contact you if there is a question about your order, or to inform you if something you ordered is out of stock. We may also use your street address and telephone number to contact you with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. But we will not rent, sell or give your email address to any third party.
Subscribing to a Magazine
If you give us your street address and telephone number when you subscribe to one of our magazines, we will use your street address to fulfill your magazine subscription, and we may use your street address and/or your telephone number to contact you when it is time to renew your subscription. We may use your street address and telephone number to contact you with information about a Heartland or one of our trusted marketing partner’s product, service, or special offer. If you do not want to be contacted for this purpose, you may contact Heartland at the above address, telephone number, or email address, and tell us to place your address and telephone number on the “Do Not Contact” list. But we will not rent, sell or give your email address to any third party.
Parents and Children
If any of Heartland’s web sites are specifically directed toward children, Heartland will not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without the permission of the child’s parent or legal guardian. Children under the age of 13 should submit personally identifiable information to Heartland only with the explicit permission of their parent or legal guardian. If your child has submitted personal information and you would like that information to be removed from our database, you may contact Heartland as indicated above and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request.
Other Important Information
The Heartland web sites contain links to other web sites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those sites. Additionally, some of our web pages may contain cookies, which are tiny data files that are sent to your web browser and stored on your computer. This allows our web server to recognize you when you visit the web site in the future. Most web browsers can be configured to not accept cookies, or to notify you if a cookie is sent. Denying a cookie access to your computer may deny you access to portions of this web site. By using this web site, you are agreeing to the terms of the Heartland Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify our privacy policy as business needs require. We will post such changes on this web site.
© 2016 Heartland Communications Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.