http://www.edwardringwaldwebsites.com/legal.html
EdwardRingwaldWebsites.com
Home
The legalese of the Edward Ringwald Websites Network
What you need to know as you browse through the websites of the Edward Ringwald Websites Network.
This page sets forth the terms of use of the Edward Ringwald Websites.
Your use of these websites constitute acceptance of the terms of use as stated
below.
The Edward Ringwald Web Sites includes:
EdwardRingwald.com
Interstate275Florida.com
DrawBridgeAhead.com
EdwardRingwaldWebsites.com
The Blogs of the Edward Ringwald Web Sites includes:
The Edward Ringwald Blog - Blog.EdwardRingwald.com
The Interstate 275 Florida Blog - Blog.Interstate275Florida.com
In The Shadow of the Railroad Museum Blog - RRBlog.EdwardRingwald.com
This page is just a highlight of the terms of use applicable to the Edward Ringwald Websites Network.
The complete terms of use
can be read here as a PDF document; this document governs your use of the Edward Ringwald Websites Network.
Community Guidelines for the Blogs of the Edward Ringwald Websites
Edward Ringwald has established a set of Community Guidelines for commenting on blog entries of the Blogs of the Edward Ringwald
Web Sites.
Before you reply to a comment, please take a moment to review the Blog Community Guidelines.
Your replying to a blog entry on the Blogs of the Edward Ringwald
Web Sites signifies acceptance of these guidelines, so please read them carefully.
Use of Text and/or Images
All text and photos on the web pages maintained by Edward Ringwald are copyrighted by Edward Ringwald unless otherwise noted.
All rights reserved
in the United States and throughout the world.
All material, including but not limited to, text, photography, and programming code, are protected by United States copyright law.
Unless
otherwise indicated, these are the property of Edward Ringwald and may not be used without the prior written permission of Edward Ringwald.
Permission is never granted for commercial use of copyrighted material, in whole or part.
Use is granted, with proper permission, for personal or
nonprofit use, providing no more than one photo or text article is used on any one web site or in any single print publication.
The use of any image from any of the Edward Ringwald web sites for the purpose of selling items of any kind on eBay is strictly prohibited.
Violators
will be reported to eBay and the listing may be ended at eBay's discretion.
Edward Ringwald is an eBay member and will cooperate in any investigation conducted by eBay.
To request permission to use material EdwardRingwald.com, click on this link to go to the Contact Us
page at EdwardRingwald.com.
Select the “Permission to use EdwardRingwald.com material” on the first drop-down box.
Use of name or likeness of Edward Ringwald
The name and/or likeness of Edward Ringwald is protected by various laws pertaining to the rights of publicity and privacy.
Any unauthorized use of the
name and/or likeness of Edward Ringwald for commercial, marketing and/or fraudulent purposes, including any form of telemarketing to solicit goods and/or services, is prohibited and any
unauthorized use will subject the offender to civil legal action.
This also includes the use of these names where any form of endorsement or sponsorship is implied.
WARNING:
Any unauthorized use of the name and/or likeness of Edward Ringwald in the commission of an unlawful act will be reported to
appropriate law enforcement for action, including the filing of criminal charges where appropriate.
This is in addition to any civil legal action that may arise from unauthorized use.
In simple terms, don't take an image of me from my websites and put it on a T-shirt for sale on Cafe Press.
Such acts will be dealt with swiftly and
severely in the courts.
So don't do it!
The Edward Ringwald Websites Privacy Policy
The Edward Ringwald websites are websites and blogs owned by Edward Ringwald which are designed for all ages.
Pursuant to the United States
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 here is a notice of our privacy practices:
Except for information collected in our Contact Us pages on the Edward Ringwald websites no personally identifiable information is collected from visitors to our web site.
However,
in our Contact Us pages there are fields provided for your name and email address.
Providing your name and email address to us on our Contact Us pages is completely optional; however, it is requested if in the event you
desire a response from us.
Names and email addresses provided on our Contact Us page will only be used for the sole purpose of replying to you and will be held in the strictest form of confidence.
Moreover, names and
email addresses submitted on our Contact Us pages will never be rented nor sold to a third party.
Besides, collecting information such as an email address then aggregating and selling it to a third party is not good
business practice.
The above is an abridged version of our website privacy policy.
Please feel free to view the complete Edward Ringwald Websites Privacy Policy.
Links to External Websites
There are hyperlinks in most of the web pages in the Edward Ringwald Websites Network that will take you to sites that are not maintained by Edward Ringwald and are here for your convenience.
Therefore,
I have no control over the content of the web sites the hyperlink takes you to.
Questions and/or comments about these sites should be directed to the webmaster of the sites involved.
The inclusion of any external link from an Edward Ringwald
web site does not imply endorsement.
Where mentioned, my web pages are not the official sites of the entities involved.
You are welcome to visit the linked web site for more information regarding the subject the web page covers.
Warning to Email Spammers!
The use of any e-mail address maintained by Edward Ringwald by any e-mail telemarketer for the purpose of sending unsolicited e-mail (spam) without prior authorization is not permitted and will not be
tolerated.
Any spammer engaging in such activity will be reported to the spammer's Internet Service Provider and/or e-mail provider for review and possible action, including termination of the spammer's e-mail and/or internet account.
This
includes forging the email headers in order to make the spam email look like it came from EdwardRingwald.com, Interstate275Florida.com and/or DrawBridgeAhead.com and anyone found doing so will be tracked and reported.
So don't do it!
Just a friendly reminder:
Where you go and what you do on the Internet - especially if you are on a computer owned by your employer or by your school or college - is not private!
The Internet
is a great tool, but please use it responsibly!
Fight unsolicited email.
Check out cauce.org for more information on unsolicited email.
Page Highlights
This page is the legalese of the Edward Ringwald Websites, which apply to the websites in
the Edward Ringwald Websites Network.
Some of the most important highlights are shown here on
this page; the complete legal terms can be found here.
The Edward Ringwald Websites Privacy Policy - privacy policy for the Edward Ringwald Websites
and blogs.
Blog Community Guidelines - Guidelines for commenting on blog entries on the Blogs of the Edward
Ringwald Websites
Copyright © 2000-2018 Edward Ringwald. All Rights Reserved.
Web Templates by CoffeeCup Software