http://www.atlantaoutdoorclub.com/legal.asp
Home
Events
All Upcoming Events
Calendar of Events
Event Places
All Past Events
Difficulty Ratings
Event Checklists
Etiquette Guidelines
Payment Info
About the AOC
Welcome
Mission Statement
Volunteers
Membership Info
Elections
Annual Club Elections
Guidelines and Rules
Partners
Statistics
Frequently Asked Questions
Ways to Volunteer
Contact Us
Forgot Username/Password?
Login
Signup
sponsor
Copyright © 2020 Atlanta Outdoor Club, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Terms and Conditions
The following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions"), as well as all applicable laws, apply to all visitors to and users of this website ("Site"), which is owned and operated by the Atlanta Outdoor Club, Inc. ("AOC"). By accessing and browsing this Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with any of these Terms and Conditions, do not use this Site. AOC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update these Terms and Conditions at any time. By using this Site you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations or updates and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then-current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All content on this Site is copyrighted by AOC, third parties, or both. Permission is granted to display, copy and download content on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the content and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the content. You also may not, without AOC's permission, "mirror" on any other server any content on this Site. Except as expressly permitted above, no portion of the content on this Site may be reproduced in any form, or by any means, without prior written permission from AOC.
The trademarks, logos, service marks, photographs and other materials ("Marks") displayed on this Site are the property of AOC or third parties. You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior written consent of AOC or third parties that own the Marks. "Atlanta Outdoor Club", "AOC", and the AOC logo are trademarks of AOC.
Limitation of Liability and General Disclaimer
ALL CONTENT ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. AOC AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Although AOC has attempted to provide accurate information on this Site, information on this Site may contain inadvertent technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and AOC assumes no responsibility for its accuracy. AOC may make improvements and/or changes to the content and functionality of
this Site at any time without notice.
This Site may contain links to third-party websites, which users access at their own risk. AOC provides these links merely as a convenience and AOC does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such sites, even if they contain an AOC logo or the AOC name. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. In addition, the mention of non-AOC products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. AOC has no control over other websites or products or services offered or provided through other websites.
IN NO EVENT WILL AOC OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR SAVINGS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA, ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE, OR ANY SITE LINKED FROM THIS SITE, EVEN IF AOC OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
AOC's obligations with respect to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided. If you obtain a product or service from AOC from this Site that is provided without an agreement, that product or service is provided "AS IS" with no warranties whatsoever, express or implied, and your use of that product or service is at your own risk.
Sponsors and Partners
AOC sells advertising on the Site to providers of goods and services, who are sometimes called a "sponsor" or "partner" on the Site. AOC makes no representation or warranty as to the goods or services of sponsors/partners, and AOC does not endorse the goods or services of a sponsor/partner. Any links on the Site to sponsor/partner websites are subject to these Terms and Conditions.
Jurisdiction and Choice of Law
This Site is controlled and operated by AOC from its offices within the United States. AOC makes no representation that the content on this Site is appropriate for or available for use in other locations, and access to this Site from territories where such content is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State. Any action you, any third party or AOC brings to enforce these Terms and Conditions or in connection with any matters related to this Site shall be brought only in the state or Federal Courts located in Fulton County, Georgia, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of said courts.
Member Privacy
In exchange for AOC membership, we ask for information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). We do not sell, rent, or distribute your Personal Information to third parties, subject to these Terms and Conditions. However, your name and other information you provide about yourself, your AOC event history, and descriptions of and photos from events in which you participate may be 1) available to AOC management and Site operators; 2) available to other members; and 3) displayed on the Site, some or all of which may be viewable by both other members and the general public.
Security: AOC will protect the security of your Personal Information in a reasonable manner for similar organizations, subject to these Terms and Conditions. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access by storing your password in a secure location and ensuring you log off when finished visiting AOC using a shared computer.
Email and Phone Communications: We use your Personal Information to keep you informed about events for which you sign-up and in which you participate; most of this is done via email but occasionally we may call you for last-minute issues or for other necessary reasons.
We also will send you emails to advise you of upcoming events based on your stated interests, and periodically send you club communications; you have the ability to change or opt-out of some of these event notices and periodic club communications.
Statistics: Your Personal Information is also used in aggregate form, without revealing any personally identifiable data, to generate various club reports and statistics, some of which is viewable by members and by the general public on this Site.
Updating and Removing Personal Information: You can alter, remove, or limit access to some of your Personal Information by updating your personal profile. You also can at any time request that your AOC membership and account be deleted.
Surveys: AOC may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. We encourage our members to participate in these surveys because they provide us with important information that helps us to improve the club. The responses we collect from online surveys are anonymous unless specified otherwise.
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored in a browser-related file on your browsing device when you use portions of our Site. We use cookies to improve the visitor and member experience, such as allowing members to log-in without typing the registered username and password. Cookies are widely used on most major websites.
IP Address: AOC uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Third-Party Links: This Site may contain links to third-party websites to enhance the member experience. AOC has no control of either the content or privacy policies of these websites, nor should such links be considered an endorsement of these websites except where otherwise explicitly stated as an endorsement.
Abuse: We may provide your Personal Information to the police or other investigating agencies to assist them in the investigation of any suspected violations of law. We also have the right to share your Personal Information with our attorneys in the event of serious violations of conduct.
Disclaimer: Notwithstanding the foregoing, AOC cannot guarantee that Personal Information will remain private.
AOC and you acknowledge that determined individuals and entities may develop data-mining and other methods to uncover information and disclose it. In addition, members may post descriptions of and photos from events in which you participate, or information about you obtained from this Site, on other websites or for other purposes over which AOC has no control. Accordingly, AOC can make no guarantee against unauthorized access to information provided in the course of using this Site or participating in AOC.
If you have any questions about Member Privacy, please email us.
License
By posting messages, uploading photos and other files, inputting data, or engaging in any other form of communication through this Site, you are granting AOC a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to:
- Use, copy, sublicense, adapt, transmit, publicly perform or display any such information or communication.
- Sublicense to third parties the unrestricted right to exercise any of the foregoing rights granted with respect to the information or communication.
The foregoing grants shall include the right to exploit any proprietary rights in such information or communication, including but not limited to rights under copyright, trademark, service mark or patent laws under any relevant jurisdiction.
Liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall AOC, its subsidiaries and affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this Site. You specifically acknowledge and agree that AOC is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with this Site or these Terms and Conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Site.
Termination
These Terms and Conditions are effective until terminated by AOC, at any time without notice. In the event of termination, the disclaimers and limitations of liabilities set forth in this agreement shall survive.
Other
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of law. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms and Conditions contain the entire agreement among you and AOC regarding the use of the Site, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings among you and AOC arising out of your use of this Site.
Copyright © 2020  Atlanta Outdoor Club. All rights reserved.Legal Notices.