https://www.bostonjcc.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome Privacy Policy
JCC Greater Boston has created this privacy policy to explain why we collect particular information and how we will protect your personal privacy within our website. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
JCC Greater Boston Privacy Policy
In order to fully understand your rights we encourage you to read this privacy policy, as well as our terms of use. JCC Greater Boston reserves the right at any time and without notice to change this privacy policy simply by posting such changes on our site. Any such change will be effective immediately upon posting.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this privacy policy notifies you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through the site
Who collects such information
How such information is used
With whom your information may be shared
What choices you have regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to JCC Greater Boston by sending an e-mail to marketing@jccgb.org. Please reference this privacy policy in your subject line.
What information we collect and how we use that information
Our registration forms require users to give us contact information that may include name, e-mail address, format preference (HTML vs. text), address, interests, and similar information. Credit card information will be collected for payment of programs, services and donations.
Privacy
JCC Greater Boston does not and will not sell, trade or share personal information with any other agency or entity.
Internet Protocol Address
We collect an IP address from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our site, analyze trends, track users' movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order for us to improve the site, and deliver customized, personalized content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Use of "cookies"
Our site may use cookies to enhance your experience while using our site. Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. Use of cookies makes Web-surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.
Security
All information provided to JCC Greater Boston is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. We also protect account information by placing it on a secure portion of our site.
Other websites
Our site contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website for which JCC Greater Boston has no responsibility. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on all such sites as their policies may be different than ours.
Refunds
Full refunds will be made for withdrawal seven or more calendar days prior to class start. Refund minus $15 fee will be made 1-6 days prior. A prorated class credit minus $15 fee will be issued for withdrawal from the first day of class to the start of the third class session. No subsequent refunds or credits are given. There are no refunds or credits for missed classes due to vacation, travel or illness. If the JCC cancels a class for any reason, registrants will be issued a class credit to apply to any JCC class or ongoing service.
Contacting JCC Greater Boston regarding this website
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at marketing@jccgb.org.
Filter Your Search