http://www.scouts.ca/ca/privacy-statement
Novel Coronavirus — December 9, 2020 Update: Explore Scouts Canada’s actions as we continue to follow the direction of government and health agencies in maintaining public health. View recommendations and stay informed here.
EN/
FR
MyScouts
Careers
JoinVolunteerDonate
JoinVolunteerDonate
JoinVolunteerDonate
Menu
About
Programs
Safety
Resources
News & Events
Blog
Shop
Help
Councils
Contact
Regional Map
National Directory
Western Councils
Fraser Valley
Pacific Coast
Cascadia
Chinook
Northern Lights
Saskatchewan
Central Councils
Battlefields
Central Escarpment
Greater Toronto
Manitoba
Northern Ontario
Shining Waters
Tri-Shores
Eastern Councils
Quebec
Voyageur
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Prince Edward Island
White Pine
Join
Volunteer
Donate
MyScouts
Careers
Search
Français
At Scouts Canada we are committed to protecting the privacy of our members, donors, and non-member participants, and support a general policy of openness about how we collect, use and disclose personal information.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about Scouts Canada’s practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information which may be collected by us through your filling out Scouts Canada forms or otherwise providing information in order to participate in Scouts Canada events, or through our website.  By filling out the forms, either yourself or on behalf of your son, daughter or ward, by participating in our events, or by using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information (as defined below) and, if applicable, the personal information of your son, daughter or ward in accordance with the following terms and conditions.
This Privacy Statement also explains how you can contact us if you have a question about, want to make a change to or delete any personal information that Scouts Canada may be holding about you or, if applicable, your son, daughter or ward.  We strongly recommend that you take the time to read this Privacy Statement and retain it for future reference.
Personal Information
For the purpose of this Privacy Statement, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization.
What Personal Information We Collect
Scouts Canada collects personal information in order to screen applicants for membership and non-member participation, and in order to help effectively and safely provide activities and events for Scouts Canada members.  This information includes but is not limited to contact information (such as name, address, e-mail address and telephone numbers), age, skills and educational background, employment history, volunteer experience, proof of identity (such as a signature), police reference checks, references and  information on medical conditions, allergies and medications.
Scouts Canada also collects financial information (such as credit card information and banking information on personal cheques) from members, donors and purchasers of Scouts Canada popcorn or other merchandise.
On contest entry forms, we may ask for the entrants’ first name, last name, email address and phone number.  This personal information is collected, used and disclosed only for the purposes of awarding contest prizes.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Personal information that is collected by Scouts Canada or its representative is only used for Scouting purposes. Scouts Canada uses your personal information to facilitate communication between members within each unit, and to communicate with you through mailings, newsletters, announcements of upcoming events and opportunities, and in connection with fundraising requests.  Scouts Canada uses your information about skills, employment and volunteer history in order to best employ your talents in the service of our organization.  Scouts Canada uses health information in order to help ensure the proper response to any health situation that may arise during our activities or events.  Scouts Canada uses financial information only in order to complete a given merchandise or member dues transaction.
Scouts Canada maintains a database of member information which is used to maintain current contact information, emergency contact information, membership status and a history of your participation in Scouts Canada. Only Scouts Canada staff and members with a legitimate need to access this information have access to the database.  Each member is assigned a unique member number, and you may access your records at your local Council office to check for accuracy.   Please see the section below on correcting and updating your information for further details on how to correct any errors in your file.
Any questions about how Scouts Canada uses your personal information should be directed to helpcentre@scouts.caor to Council or the National offices.
When We Disclose Your Personal Information
Scouts Canada does not disclose personal information to individuals, organizations or corporations outside of Scouts Canada at any time or for any reason, except with the consent of the individual member or as required or authorized by law.
Scouts Canada may share personal information with third parties engaged to assist us in providing services to you or to carry out one or more of the purposes described above.  These service providers are prohibited from using such personal information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are required to protect personal information disclosed by Scouts Canada and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Statement.  In certain limited cases personal information may be transferred outside of Canada in those cases the information will be subject to the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction where the information is transferred.
Scouts Canada reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so.
Knowledge and Consent
Scouts Canada collects personal information about you or, if applicable, your son, daughter or ward only when you voluntarily provide it.  Typically, we will seek consent for the use or disclosure of such personal information at the time of collection.  In certain circumstances, consent may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when we want to use information for a purpose not previously identified).
The form of consent that we seek, including whether it is express or implied, will largely depend on the sensitivity of the personal information and the reasonable expectations of the individual in the circumstances. When you fill out a Scouts Canada form, for instance, you imply that we may use that information for the purpose for which you filled out the form.
Scouts Canada keeps a record of members’ history with the organization, including participation in Scouts Canada activities and events.  By joining Scouts Canada, you acknowledge that we may keep this record and consent to such retention, so that if your membership becomes inactive and you later decide to rejoin, Scouts Canada will still have your previous membership history on file.  We will not use this information for any other purpose except with your consent.
You may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal restrictions (such as information kept to protect Scouts Canada from liability) and reasonable notice.  If you wish to withdraw your consent, please email helpcentre@scouts.ca or contact your Council or the National offices.  We will inform you of the implications of withdrawing consent as appropriate.
Scouts Canada does not, as a condition of participation, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of information beyond that required to fulfill the explicitly specified and legitimate purposes for which the information is being provided.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Scouts Canada makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access.  This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form.  Access to your personal information is restricted to selected members and employees.  In addition, Scouts Canada employs generally accepted information security techniques, such as firewalls, access control procedures and cryptography, to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Scouts Canada retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.  In some cases, it is necessary for Scouts Canada to retain personal information for longer, in order to protect Scouts Canada from liability in the event of a dispute.  Unless you explicitly withdraw your consent, we will retain your name and membership history beyond the end of your active membership, so that we may archive your participation in the organization and retain this information for you should you decide to return at a later date.  Any other personal information will be redacted or destroyed upon your membership becoming inactive, or earlier if the information is no longer relevant to the purpose for which it was collected.
Website
If you visit the Scouts Canada website, and do not actively provide any personal information, Scouts Canada still stores certain information automatically, via the placement of a text file called a “cookie” in the browser directory of your computer’s hard drive.  The cookie cannot be read by any website other than the one that set up the cookies.  If you choose to modify your browser to disable cookies, some pages of this website may not function properly.
Scouts Canada will only collect and store the following information about your visit to our website:
The Internet domain from which you accessed the Scouts Canada site;
The type of browser and operating system you are using;
The date and time of your visit;
The pages within the Scouts Canada site that you visit; and
If you linked to another website from the Scouts Canada site, the address of that site.
Scouts Canada uses this information to count the number of visitors to the different Scouts Canada web pages, in order to make the site more useful to our members and visitors.  You should be aware that operators of linked websites may also collect your personal information (including information generated through the use of cookies) when you link to their websites.  Scouts Canada is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information, so it is important to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies before providing them with your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Scouts Canada reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. The Privacy Statement posted via the Scouts Canada website shall be deemed to be the Privacy Statement in effect.  A current copy of the Privacy Statement can be obtained at any time by contacting:  helpcentre@scouts.ca or your Council or the National offices.
Correcting or Updating Your Information
You can help us maintain the accuracy of your personal information, or the personal information of your son, daughter or ward, by notifying us of any changes to this information.  You may contact Scouts Canada to request access to or correction or update of your personal information via your Council office.  Members accessing their own records can make these changes within the “myscouts.ca Profile” section of the website.
Contacting Us
In the event that you have any questions about Scouts Canada’s Privacy Statement or if you have reason to believe that Scouts Canada may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Statement, you may contact the National Office at: helpcentre@scouts.ca | 1345 Baseline Road Ottawa, ON K2C 0A7 | Telephone 613-224-5134.
Get in Touch
1-888-855-3336
Submit a Request
Scouts Canada Charity Number: 107761694RR0028
Navigation
About
Programs
Safety
Resources
News & Events
Blog
Shop
Help
Sitemap
Join
Volunteer
Donate
Learn More about Scouts Canada