https://www.milk.co.uk/privacy-policy/
HCP login
PROVIDING INFORMATION ON DAIRY, NUTRITION AND HEALTH
0
was successfully added to your cart.
HOME
ABOUT US
PUBLICATIONS
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
DAIRY UK (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy governs the collection, disclosure and use of personal information and data relating to our members and business contacts of Dairy UK Limited (Company Registration No. 01971245) and Dairy Energy Savings Limited (Company Registration No. 04062424). The registered office address for both companies is 210 High Holborn, London WC1V 7EP. This Privacy Policy provides you with details about the personal information we collect from you, how we use your personal information and your rights to control personal information we hold about you.
We are committed to your right to privacy and will only process personal information you provide to us in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Please read this policy carefully as it explains the personal information we collect about you and how such personal information is handled. By your continued use of our services (including our websites), you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety, you must advise us accordingly. We reserve the right to amend this policy from time to time, without notice.
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use your personal information, please contact us by email at info@dairyuk.org or write to us at the following address: The Data Protection Co-ordinator, Dairy UK, 210 High Holborn, London WC1V 7EP.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect and process the following personal information:
Company Name;
Payment processing information;
Your name;
Company or business postal address;
Company or business email address;
Business landline or mobile telephone number;
Other contact details;
As well as other non-sensitive personal information:
– Your industry interests – such as committee engagement, conference circulation lists
– Your job title or job role
– Company business information
If you use our websites, we may also collect information about you or your computer when you browse to allow you to use the services available, and also collect anonymous information about you or your computer for analysis to support continual improvements to our services to the industry.
Legal Basis for Processing
We are legally permitted to collect, hold and use your personal information in the following circumstances:
For the purposes of our own legitimate interests. Dairy UK believes we have a legitimate interest in being able to provide our services to our member companies and organisations and to represent our members and the interests of the dairy sector in the UK. Where appropriate this sometimes requires us to collect and use personal information about individuals. We only use this legal basis where these interests are not overridden by your interests and fundamental rights.
Where we have a contractual relationship with you and this requires us to process your personal information in order to fulfil the contract. For example, attendance at one of our events.
If the law requires us to process personal information.
Sometimes, we will ask you for your agreement to process your personal information. This is particularly the case when we wish to collect or use any special categories of personal information (see below).
Data protection law recognises certain “special categories” of personal information, which include information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for uniquely identifying a person, information concerning health, and information concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
These special categories are considered particularly sensitive and Dairy UK will only collect and use this information where we have your explicit consent or where we consider it necessary to do so. For example, dietary requirements when attending one of our events. We will only use this information for the particular event and not for any other purposes.
Use of Personal Information
We use the personal information that we collect about you to deliver our various services, to administer our policies, events and meetings as agreed by the Board of Dairy UK. This will include supporting accounting functions. We also process your personal information where we are required to do so by law, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of our communications.
If we intend on using your personal information for any other purpose, we will let you know how we intend to use it when it is captured.
We will only process your personal information for the specific purposes listed above or for any other purposes specifically permitted by law. Your personal information will only be processed to the extent that it is necessary for the specific purposes listed above.
Storage of Your Personal Information
We will only retain personal information if it is required for a specific purpose. We have a statutory duty to keep certain records for a specified minimum period. While your employer is a member of Dairy UK we will retain your personal information. Otherwise we will not retain any data for longer than 5 years. We will also retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Website Usage and Cookies
If you are using our websites, we will use your personal information to help you to log on to your account and enter into restricted areas of our websites and to permit future use of the websites. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, or to administer our websites. We may conduct analyses of user traffic to measure the use of our sites and to improve the content of our websites and our services. These analyses will be performed through the use of IP addresses and cookies.
We may also use cookies to enable the signing in process after you have registered with us and to provide you with more tailored information when you return to our websites. A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you reject the use of cookies, please note that the efficient operation of the website that you are using may be affected. Our cookie policies are set out in our websites.
Third Party/ Data Sharing
We will only disclose personal information about you internally and to third-party suppliers who perform certain functions on our behalf, such as: for processing purposes associated with payment processing, the supply of conference/meetings services, for website administration, technical IT support, data maintenance, marketing activities, or elsewhere when you have consented to such disclosures, or where such disclosures are required or permitted by law.
We take responsibility for the data that we collect about you and require those third-party suppliers with whom we share your data to apply an appropriate level of protection as compliant with the law. We ensure that we have a relevant data processing agreement in place with each third party that we work with to ensure they are compliant with privacy and data protection laws.
If you do agree but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will ensure any activities stop as soon as possible.
Security of Personal Information
We use reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical, and organisational measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access, disclosure, modifications or destruction.
We take steps to regularly validate the personal information we hold to ensure that the information is accurate and, where necessary, up to date. Information that is no longer required for any valid business purpose, and that we are not required to keep pursuant to any applicable law, will be routinely destroyed by secure means.
Processing in Line with your Rights
You have certain rights under data protection laws to:
request access to the personal information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your data for direct-marketing purposes;
ask to have inaccurate information held about you amended or erased;
prevent processing that is likely to cause unwarranted substantial damage or distress to you or anyone else;
request that the processing of your information is restricted
object to processing of your information (including the right to object to processing on grounds related to your particular situation where we are relying on the legitimate interests condition as a legal basis for processing).
These rights may not apply in some cases, including where we must comply with legal requirements, where it would violate the rights of someone other than the individual requesting access, or (in the case of your right to request access to your personal information) where the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
If you would like to request access to, correction, amendment, or deletion of your personal information, please contact us using one of the methods below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity. In certain circumstances, for instance if you request substantial copies of documents, we may charge a reasonable fee.
Your request will be processed without delay and you will receive a response within one month of receipt of your request. Please note that this period can be extended by a further two months where the submitted requests are complex and/ or numerous. In such a case, you will be informed about the extension of the compliance period and the reasons for it being necessary within one month of receipt of your request.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can email at info@dairyuk.org or write to the Data Protection Co-ordinator, Dairy UK, 210 High Holborn, London WC1V 7EP.
Last reviewed: 05/2018
Next review due: 03/2019
MORE INFORMATION ON
PREGNANCY AND BREASTFEEDING
INFANTS AND CHILDREN
PRIMARY SCHOOL CHILDREN
TEENS
ADULTS
OLDER ADULTS
NUTRITIOUS DAIRY
HEALTH MATTERS
RECIPES
PUBLICATIONS
PRIVACY POLICY | DISCLAIMER | COOKIES
© 2020 Dairy UK
|
Web design created by topright design
Health care professionals
Email
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your password? ORRegisterHealth professionals and academics please log in to order free publications, and for information on dairy, nutrition and health.
This site uses cookies.
Click here for more informationCONTINUE