https://www.cotswoldwildlifepark.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Plan Your Visit
Travel & Directions
Ticket Prices
Opening Times
Park Map
Visiting the Park
Accessibility
Groups & Societies
Facilities
Frequently Asked Questions
Animals & Gardens
Birds
Mammals
Primates & Small Mammals
Reptiles & Amphibians
Gardens
Web Cams
What’s On
Daily Activities
Events
Park News
Park Life Blog
Competitions
Wild Talk Magazine 2020
Get Involved
Keeper for A Day
Junior Keeper Experience
Trainee Keeper Day
Animal Encounters
Adoptions
Interactive Zone
Park Life
Education
Early Years Foundation
Primary
Secondary
Further & Higher Education
SEN Schools
Uniformed Groups
Shop Online
Conservation
Terms & Conditions
Home : Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Bradwell Grove, Burford Oxfordshire OX18 4JP. Our company registration number is 1005032. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all rights including those in copyright in the content of this website are owned by or controlled for these purposes by Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law or Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens’s Terms of Use, the content of this site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way without first obtaining Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens’s written permission or that of the copyright owner.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Visiting the Park
Children (16 and under) must be accompanied by an adult at all times.
Online Shop
Making A Purchase
Animal adoption applies to the species rather than the individual animal, as animals may leave the Park for a variety of reasons including as part of a conservation and breeding programme. If this applies to the whole species you have adopted, we will advise you and you may transfer your adoption to another species.
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on ‘Checkout’ and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
We accept credit card payment. If you are shopping from North America or anywhere else, place your order and your credit card company will convert the transaction to US Dollars or your own currency.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, Maestro and American Express. Backordered items are not charged until they are shipped. You may send your credit card information via fax, snail mail or over the Internet.
When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Delivery Schedule
Please allow a minimum of two weeks for delivery of an adoption, but please note it will take up to six weeks for names to appear on the adoption boards.
Tax Charges
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.
Credit Card Security
When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption, through Secure Trading.
Reaching Us If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the store page, alternatively, you can call on 01993 823006 (International +44 01993 823006) or fax us on or write to us at Bradwell Grove Burford Oxfordshire OX18 4JW United Kingdom
Privacy Policy
Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the ‘Remember Me’ Option. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to ‘Tools | Internet Options | Privacy’ and selecting to block cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use cookies.
Returns Policy
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm. Any returns must be made within 30 days of purchase.
Useful InfoAbout Us
Media Centre
Contact Us
Vacancies
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
E-Newsletter Sign-Up
Shop online
Shop online for Day E-tickets, Annual membership, Adoptions and much more.
Get involved
Go behind the scenes and be a keeper for a day or experience an animal encounter.
Adopt an animal
Provide a helpful contribution towards the costs of keeping and feeding the animals.
Cotswold Wildlife Park and Gardens
HomePlan Your Visit
Travel & DirectionsTicket PricesOpening TimesPark MapVisiting the ParkAccessibilityGroups & SocietiesFacilitiesFrequently Asked Questions Back
Animals & Gardens
BirdsMammalsPrimates & Small MammalsReptiles & AmphibiansGardensWeb Cams Back
What’s On
Daily ActivitiesEventsPark NewsPark Life BlogCompetitionsWild Talk Magazine 2020 Back
Get Involved
Keeper for A DayJunior Keeper ExperienceTrainee Keeper DayAnimal EncountersAdoptionsPark Life Back
Education
Early Years FoundationPrimarySecondaryFurther & Higher EducationSEN SchoolsUniformed Groups Back
Shop OnlineConservation