http://www.dallavallevineyards.com/privacy-terms
Vineyards & Viticulture
The Dalla Valle Story
Wines
Events
People
Naoko Dalla ValleFounder, farmer and proprietor
Maya Dalla ValleDirector—Dalla Valle Vineyards
Andy EricksonWinemaker
Edgar AlfaroVineyard Manager
Michel RollandConsulting Enologist
Waiting List
Privacy and terms
My Account
Contact
Privacy and Terms
Sales and Shipping
All orders are processed at, and shipped from, Dalla Valle Vineyards. We ship orders 2 Day Air using FedEx or UPS (if preferred) to all states except in Northern California where we ship Ground and our shipping prices include packaging materials. We strongly discourage you from selecting “Ground Service” as your shipping method. During the winter and summer months, weather conditions and longer delivery times can often result in the spoilage of your order. Please note that when your wine order is picked up by the common carrier for delivery, the wine becomes your responsibility. Dalla Valle Vineyards is not responsible for, and will not replace wine that is damaged by, extreme weather conditions during shipment.
All wines are sold in California and title and risk of loss passes to the buyer in California at the time the wines are shipped from Dalla Valle Vineyards’ premises or warehouse (“Shipment”), as applicable.
Following Shipment, except to the extent caused by an error by Dalla Valle Vineyards, Buyer shall be responsible for all costs and expenses related to the wine and shipment thereof, including without limitation any costs related to or resulting from delayed shipments. Dalla Valley Vineyards shall not be liable for any costs or expenses related to the wine following Shipment.
Please note that Dalla Valle Vineyards may not be able to ship wine to certain states. Due to changing direct-shipping laws and regulations, the list of states that we ship to may change at any time. Dalla Valle Vineyards will arrange for shipment on behalf of the buyer, to an address specified by the buyer, provided that Dalla Valle Vineyards in its sole discretion believes that such shipment will not subject Dalla Valle Vineyards to the risk of any sort of legal action or other harm. If a buyer lives in a state where the direct shipment of wine by Dalla Valle Vineyards may violate the law, we will contact the buyer to discuss shipping options, which options may include provision of an alternative shipping address in a state where the direct shipment of wines to consumers is permitted or storage of the wines at an acceptable third-party storage facility.
Dalla Valle Vineyards will notify you by email when your wines are ready to be shipped.
Please be aware that your order may be delayed until ideal weather and shipping conditions arise to protect your wines. An adult signature will be required for delivery of alcoholic beverages. To ensure prompt and successful deliveries of your wines, please ensure that an adult (21 years of age or older) will be present and available to sign for your shipment. Dalla Valle Vineyards will not be held responsible for any shipment delays (or wine damaged as a result of such delays) caused by erroneous information provided by the customer at the time of ordering or caused by the failure of an adult to be present for signature at the time the wines are delivered.
Please contact Dalla Valle Vineyards at (707) 944-2676 or info@dallavallevineyards.com with any questions or concerns you may have regarding our shipping policies.