http://www.freefallexpress.com/terms/
Close
Book Online Now!Buy Gift CertificatesContact Us
Call Us @ 417.882.JUMP or 800.598.JUMP
3103 Lawrence 1070, Suite 2, Miller, MO 65707 | Get Directions
Closed Friday
Weather
Reservations Info and Rates Book Online Gift Certificates First Time Tandem Skydiving Video Services Frequently Asked Questions Learn General Info Accelerated Free Fall Experienced General Info Links Local General Info Accommodations Restaurants Attractions About Testimonials Articles News Events Gallery Photos & Videos Photos Videos Contact Contact Us Now Weather Directions
Terms of Use
HomeTerms
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least [18] years of age to use this website. By using this website [and by agreeing to these terms and conditions] you warrant and represent that you are at least [18] years of age.]
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to Ozarks Skydive Center's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Ozarks Skydive Center's privacy policy / cookies policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Ozarks Skydive Center and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages [or [OTHER CONTENT]] from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;]
[edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or]
[redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution].]
[Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed [within your organisation].]
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Ozarks Skydive Center's express written consent.
[You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.]
[You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Ozarks Skydive Center's express written consent.]
Refund Policy
All sales are final. No refunds are offered once payment has been submitted.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. Ozarks Skydive Center reserves the right to restrict access to [other] areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Ozarks Skydive Center's discretion.
If Ozarks Skydive Center provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Ozarks Skydive Center may disable your user ID and password in Ozarks Skydive Center's sole discretion without notice or explanation.]
User content
In these terms and conditions, "your user content" means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant Ozarks Skydive Center a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media. You also grant Ozarks Skydive Center the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Ozarks Skydive Center or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Ozarks Skydive Center reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Ozarks Skydive Center's servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
[Notwithstanding Ozarks Skydive Center's rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, [NAME] does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.]
No warranties
This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Ozarks Skydive Center makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Ozarks Skydive Center does not warrant that:this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. [If you require advice in relation to any [legal, financial or medical] matter you should consult an appropriate professional.]
Limitations of liability
Ozarks Skydive Center will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:[to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;] for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Ozarks Skydive Center has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Ozarks Skydive Center's liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by Ozarks Skydive Center's negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Ozarks Skydive Center ; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Ozarks Skydive Center to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
[You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Ozarks Skydive Center has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Ozarks Skydive Center's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.]
[Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph,] you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Ozarks Skydive Center's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Ozarks Skydive Center .
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Ozarks Skydive Center and undertake to keep Ozarks Skydive Center indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Ozarks Skydive Center to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Ozarks Skydive Center's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Ozarks Skydive Center arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions].
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Ozarks Skydive Center's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Ozarks Skydive Center may take such action as Ozarks Skydive Center deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Ozarks Skydive Center may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Ozarks Skydive Center may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Ozarks Skydive Center's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions [, together with [the PRIVACY POLICY],] constitute the entire agreement between you and Ozarks Skydive Center in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with United States Law, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Missouri.
Ozarks Skydive Center's Details
You can contact Ozarks Skydive Center by email at ozarksskydive@gmail.com
Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Options
Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap
Book Online Now!
Skydiving Info & Rates
Buy Gift Certificates
Definitely go if you get a chance. They are wonderful to work with!
» Jim Gray
Contact Info
3103 Lawrence 1070, Suite 2Miller, MO 65707
417.882.JUMP
jump AT ozskydive DOT com
Local Skydiving
Skydiving Springfield MO
Skydiving Kansas City
Branson MO Skydiving
Fayetteville Skydiving
Skydiving Joplin MO
Site Info
Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap
Safety In Skydiving
Ozarks Skydive Center is a member of the United States Parachute Association.
Copyright © 2020, Ozarks Skydive Center, All Rights Reserved.
DropZone Web Design & Marketing by Beyond Marketing, LLC