http://www.romanhideout.com/privacy.asp
The Roman Hideout - Privacy policy
Roman
Roman Enemies
Other Organizations
Armors
Helmets
Swords
Shields
Other
News Archive
Reviews
Visual Armamentarium
POI download
Metal Detecting
RH Awards
WWII Archive
Search
Publications
Archives
How to...
Books
Miscellaneous
Various
Forums
News
Events
Roman Movies
Games
Who We Are
Link to Us
Advertising
Privacy
Get the live news feed
Privacy, etc.
The Roman Hideout does not store or track any information of the users, of their behaviour, their preferences and their navigation history.
Third party applications and advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website.
These companies may use information (not including your name, address email
address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in
order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If
you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about
not having this information used by these companies,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous
information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and
date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to
this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a
cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about
this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising,
you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
We partner with ValueClick to serve ads and/or collect certain information when
you visit our website. ValueClick may use cookies or web beacons to collect
non-personally identifiable information during your visit to this website in order
to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to
you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of
this use of your anonymous information, you can visit
this link.
© 2000-2019 LMB