https://www.avonscouts.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Join Us Today
Upcoming Events
07Feb
0:00
Avon County Cooking Competition 2021
More Info
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Notice
Avon County Scouts
This Data Privacy Notice describes the categories of personal data we process and for what purposes. We are committed to collecting and using such data fairly and in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
This Privacy Notice applies to Employees, Contractors, Suppliers, Members and Other volunteers, Supporters, Donors and Funders of Avon County Scouts
1. Who are we?
Avon County Scouts is a youth charity. Our mission is to actively engage and support young people in their personal development, empowering them to make a positive contribution to society. We are incorporated by royal charter and are regulated as a member of the UK The Scout Association, (see www.scouts.org.uk for more information.) We are registered as a charity with the UK Charity Commission charity number 302146.
Every year in September we hold an annual general meeting where members of the charity executive committee (our board of trustees), are appointed or elected.
We are based at County Office, Woodhouse Park Almondsbury BS32 4LX and support the development and growth of Scouting across the Avon area (the local authority areas of Bristol, South Gloucestershire, North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset). Our main activities are to provide support to the Districts and Groups that comprise the Avon Scout County. This support either being practical such as the provision of training courses, provision of events or personal support to members. We also run a number of activity groups that provide adventuress activities for our members.
Our County Executive Committee is the data controller for the information we collect from you. Any personal data that we collect will only be used in support of our aim to develop and grow Scouting across the Avon area. This will include the provision of Scouting meetings, activities, training courses and events for our members and other volunteers in the Avon County Scouting area and through our relationship with supporters, donors and funders.
2. Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
We may collect the following personal information:
Personal contact details such as name, title, address, telephone numbers and personal email address
Date of birth
Gender
Emergency contact information
Marital/civil partnership status and dependants
Government identification numbers [(e.g. social security, national insurance, driving licence, passport)]
Bank account details, payroll information and tax status information
training records
Race or ethnic origin
Health records
Criminal records checks
3. How we gather personal information
The majority of the personal information we hold, is provided to us directly by you or by the parents or legal guardians of youth members verbally or in paper form, digital form or via our online membership system Compass. In the case of adult members and volunteers, data may also be provided by third party reference agencies, such as the Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS).
Where a member is under the age of 18, this information will only be obtained from a parent or guardian and cannot be provided by the young person.
4. How do we process your personal data?
We comply with our obligations under the GDPR by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use personal data for the following purposes: –
to provide information about Scouting meetings, activities, training courses and events to our members and other volunteers in the Avon County Scouting area
for the protection of a person’s health and safety whilst in the care of the Scout Group
to respect a person’s religious beliefs with regards to activities, food and holidays
to provide a voluntary service for the benefit of the public in a particular geographical area as specified in our constitution
To administer membership records
To fundraise and promote the interests of the Scout County
To manage our volunteers
To maintain our own accounts and records (including the processing of gift aid applications);
To inform you of news, events, activities and services being run or attended by Avon County Scouts
To ensure and evidence your suitability for your role.
For equal opportunity monitoring and reporting
To contact your next of kin in the event of an emergency
To ensure you have and maintain the correct qualifications and skills
5. What is the legal basis for processing your/your child(ren)’s personal data?
We only use your personal information where that is permitted by the laws that protect your privacy rights. We only use personal information where:
a) We need to use the information to comply with our legal obligations
b) We need to perform any agreement we have entered into with you
c) We need to use the information to contact with you, regarding meetings, events, collection of membership fee’s etc, (i.e. for the day to day running of the County.
d) it is fair to use the personal information in your interests, where there is no disadvantage to you – this can include where it is in our interests to contact you about products or services within Scouting.
e) The processing is necessary for the persons legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of Avon County Scouts unless there is a good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
Data protection legislation identifies certain “special categories” of data, including information about race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, medical conditions, and criminal convictions. We may use such information in the following ways:
we may use information about your physical or mental health, or disability status, to ensure your health and safety, and to provide appropriate adjustments;
we may use information about your race or national or ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or moral beliefs, or your sexual life or sexual orientation, to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting;
we will usually only collect information about criminal convictions if it is appropriate given the nature of the role and where we are legally permitted to do so. Where appropriate, we may collect information about criminal convictions as part of the recruitment process or we may be notified of such information directly by you or others in the course of you working for us.
5. How we store personal data
We generally store personal information in one of two secure digital online database systems, where access to that data is restricted and controlled.
Compass: – is the online membership system of The Scout Association, this system is used for the collection and storage of Adult personal data.
Online Scout Manager is an online membership system run by Online Youth Manager Ltd, this is a secure membership database where we store the personal information of Adults and Youth members for the day to day running of County Activities.
In addition we hold some personal data on local spreadsheets/databases on the County Office server to which access is restricted and controlled through password protection.
Printed records and Event data
Paper is still used to capture and retain some data for example the following: –
Registration by Youth Members for the D of E scheme
Registration for Training Courses
Events consent from parents.
Health and contact records forms (for events) .
Events coordination with event organisers.
Award notifications/nominations
Events
Throughout the year the County will run a number of activities/events. Where it is necessary to fulfil our legal obligations we will be required to potentially have a less secure means to access personal information, such as printouts of personal contacts and medical information, (including specific event contact forms), rather than relying on secure digital systems, as often the events are held where internet and digital access will not be available. We will minimise the use of paper to only what is required for the event/camp.
We will ensure:
a) Transfer of paper is secure, such as physical hand to hand transfer or registered post.
b) Paper forms are securely destroyed after use.
c) Secure destruction will be through a shredding machine or securely burned.
d) Always keeping the paper records secure
e) If transferred to somebody, we will audit that they return them when the event is complete.
Awards
Sometimes we may nominate a member for national award, (such as Queens Scout or Duke of Edinburgh award), such nominations would require we provide contact details to the awarding organisation, this is most often done on paper via signed for post.
6. Sharing and transferring personal information
We will only normally share personal information with adults holding a County appointment including County Executive Members or individuals running a County event.
We will however share your personal information with others outside our Scout County where we need meet or enforce a legal obligation, this may include The Scout Association and its insurance subsidiary “Unity”, local authority services and law enforcement, we will only share your personal information to the extent needed for those purposes.
We will never sell your personal information to any third party for the purposes of marketing.
Sometimes we may nominate a member for national award, (such as Scouting or Duke of Edinburgh award) such nominations would require we provide contact details to that organisation.
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential. We will only share your data with third parties outside of the organisation where there is a legitimate reason to do so. Where possible we will take steps to anonymise the data we provide (i.e. collective reporting on gender, ethnicity, age, etc.).
Where personal data is shared with third parties we will seek assurances that your personal data will be kept confidential and that the third party fully complies with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
1 Third Party Data Processors
Avon County Scouts engages the services of the following third-party data processors: –
The Scout Association via its adult membership system “Compass” which is used to record the personal information of leaders, adults and parents who have undergone a Disclosure and Barring Service ( DBS) check.
Online Youth Manager Ltd (Online Scout Manager) which is used to record the personal information, badge records, event and attendance records etc, we have a data processing agreement in place with online youth manager, more information is available at https://www.onlinescoutmanager.co.uk/security.php
Dropbox inc occasionally used for secure transfer of limited personal information for events.
Google occasionally used for secure transfer of limited personal information for events.
2
Our third-party service providers and other entities in the group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
3 Automated decision making
Avon County Scouts does not have any automated decision-making systems
4 Transfers outside the UK
Avon County Scouts will not transfer your personal information outside of the UK, with the exception where an Event is taking place outside of the UK and it is necessary to provide personal information to comply with our legal obligations, although generally such an event will have its own data collection form which will be securely held and disposed of after the event.
7. How do we protect personal data?
We take appropriate measures to ensure that the information disclosed to us is kept secure, accurate and up to date and kept only for as long as necessary for the purpose for which it is used.
8. How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your personal information, throughout the time you/your child(ren) are a member of Avon County Scouts or are partaking in an activity being run or attended by Avon County Scouts
We will retain your full personal information for a period of one year after you have left Avon County Scouts.
Personal data collected in support of an event/activity will be destroyed within one month of the event/activity taking place
9. Your rights and your personal data
You have the right to object to how we process your personal information. You also have the right to access, correct, sometimes delete and restrict the personal information we use. In addition, you have a right to complain to us and to the data protection regulator.
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
The right to be informed – you have a right to know how your data will be used by our Scout Group.
The right to access your personal data – you can ask us to share with you the data they have about you!
The right to rectification – this just means you can update your data if it’s inaccurate or if something is missing. You can view and edit your personal information directly on our online membership systems Online Scout Manager and Compass.
The right to erasure – this means that you have the right to request that we delete any personal data they have about you. There are some exceptions, for example, some information can be held for legal reasons.
The right to restrict processing – if you think there’s something wrong with the data being held about you, or you aren’t sure if we are complying to rules, you can restrict any further use of your data until the problem is resolved.
The right to data portability – this means that if you ask us we will have to share your data with you in a way that can be read digitally – such as a pdf. This makes it easier to share information with others.
The right to object – you can object to the ways your data is being used. This should make it easier to avoid unwanted marketing communications and spam from third parties.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – this protects you in cases where decision are being made about you based entirely on automated processes rather than a human input.
Please contact our Data Protection Lead for more information, in the first instance.
Whether or not you exercise your new rights is up to you – the main thing to remember is that they’re there if you need them.
10. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
11. Contact Details
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact our Data Protection Lead at County Secretary, County Office, Woodhouse Park Almondsbury BS32 4LX or email office@avonscouts.org.uk
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Reviewed: 25/05/2018
© Copyright 2020. Avon County Scouts. All Rights Reservered
|
Registered Charity Number: 302146
Website powered by SpiderGroup