http://www.backpackersbythebay.com/about/privacy-policy
Your Hostel
A clean, safe and friendly backpackers hostel in the heart of the Whitsundays
Privacy Policy
Backpackers By The Bay Pty Ltd Privacy Policy
Backpackers By The
Bay operates https://www.backpackersbythebay.com/
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site or fulfilling reservation requests. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, address, email or phone ("Personal Information"). We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide personal and payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Backpackers By The
Bay may update this Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.