http://zclub.net/community/index.php?help/terms
Log in or Sign up
The Z Club of Great Britain
Forums
Help
>
The Z Club relies on the support of it's paid members - join the club or renew your membership here.
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Help
Smilies
BB Codes
Trophies
Cookie Usage
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Definitions
The Providers: The Z Club, also referred to as we, us, our in this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
The Services: The Z Club website, The Z Club Social media pages, email from the Z Club and mail from the Z Club.
Content:
Text, images,video and other content accessible through The Services.
User Content: Content published to The services by Users.
User: You, the users of The Services, also referred to as you in this document.
Terms of Use
The providers of The Services are not responsible for any User Content. User Content expresses the views of the author only.
You agree to abide by Our code of conduct and to not use The Services to submit or link to any User Content which is defamatory, abusive, hateful, threatening, spam or spam-like, likely to offend, contains adult or objectionable content, contains personal information of others, risks copyright infringement, encourages unlawful activity, or otherwise violates any laws. All User Content you submit or upload may be reviewed by staff members.
All User Content you submit or upload may be sent to third-party verification services (including, but not limited to, spam prevention services). Do not submit any User Content that you consider to be private or confidential.
We reserve the rights to remove or modify any Content submitted for any reason without explanation. Requests for Content to be removed or modified will be undertaken at our discretion or in line with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to take action against any account in The Services at any time.
You are granting us with a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use, publish, or re-publish your User Content in connection with The Services. You retain copyright over the User Content. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not register or use The Services. If you wish to close your account, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on The Services and gather data when you participate in The Services by reading, writing, and evaluating the Content shared there.
When registering for The Services, you may be asked to enter your contact details so that we can provide The Services to you- your address, email address, landline and/or mobile phone numbers, and your IP address can be collected.
If you attend a public club event, photos of you or of your car may be used to promote the Club and The Services in publicly available material.
When registered and posting, we record the IP address that the post originated from. We also may retain server logs which include the IP address of every request to our server.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience  your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs. To improve The Services We continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.. To send periodic emails  The email address you provide may be used to send you information, notifications that you request about changes to topics or in response to your user name, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow). These cookies enable the site to recognize your browser and, if you have a registered account, associate it with your registered account. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Our site, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. If this server is in the USA, and you are under the age of 13, per the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), do not use this site.
Your Consent
By using The Services, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
If you require further information, please contact:
The Club Membership Secretary at Jon@billingses.co.uk
Your name or email address:
Do you already have an account?
Yes, my password is:
Forgot your password?
Stay logged in
The Z Club of Great Britain
Forums
Help
>