https://101crypto.info/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Policy”) and this site’s Terms of Service (together the “Terms”) govern all use of 101crypto.INFO and that site’s services (together the “Site” or “Services”). The owners and contributors to the Site will be referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our” in this Policy. By using the Site or its Services, and/or by clicking anywhere on this Site to agree to the Terms and this Policy, you are deemed to be a “user” for purposes of this Policy. You and every other user (“you” or “User” as applicable) are subject to this Policy. You and each user also agree to the Terms by using the Services. In these Terms, the word “Site” includes the site referenced above, its owner(s), contributors, suppliers, licensors, and other related parties.
We provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices so that you can decide whether and how to interact with the Site and the Services.
We may release your information when we deem it appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also review our Terms of Use section that governs the use and the users of the Site.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If we have your email address, we may also send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contact Data and Other Identifiable Information
This site collects certain user information, which may include a username and password, contact information, or any other data that you type in to the site. It may also identify your IP address to help identify you on future visits to the site. At our discretion, the Site may use this data to:
Personalize the user experience and/or customer service
Improve the site
To process transactions
Administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature or function
Send emails to users
The site will only share such user data with these third parties in the aggregate, using collected data reporting on user activity and data that the site collects, but not identifying individual users. Information limited to or identifying individual site users will not be shared.
The site may share user data with third parties that help the site owner operate and manage the site.
For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site — you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Mobile Device Privacy
The following applies to our site when viewed on a mobile device:
When accessed with a mobile device, our site may collect information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you have, device identifiers, and information about your use of the site. Regardless of the device you use to access the site, it will also collect information you provide, as well as information about your interaction with the site and its content.
If location services are activated on your mobile device, our site may collect information about the location of your device. Your mobile network service providers may collect device-specific information, such as a device identifier, when you use our website or one of our mobile applications. This information collected by your mobile network service will not be associated with your user account with us, or with your personally identifiable information.
Advertising Network
We use one or more third-party vendors to serve ads on the Site. To serve ads and determine how our users use the Site, these services use cookies, or small pieces of code to serve ads to Site users based on users’ visits to the Site and others. Users may adjust their browser settings to disallow the use of cookies. With cookies turned off, certain features of the Site may work less efficiently or not at all.
We might use Google as an advertising services provider for the Site. Users may opt out of Google’s use of the DART use-tracking cookie by visiting the Google advertising Policies & Principles page. If you opt out of ad tailoring, you will still see ads, but they will not be based on your browsing history, and they may appear in other languages.
Cookies
This site uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of code that the Site or a service provider will put on your computer if your Web browser allows it. The Site uses cookies to recognize and keep certain information. On the Site, that information may be used to recognize your computer and browser from current or past visits to the Site or related sites. We may use this cookie-captured information to improve our service to you, to aggregate information about visitors to the Site and their behavior, to remember and process items in your shopping cart, to understand and save user preferences, or to keep track of advertising. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
In most Internet browsers, you can change your settings so that you will be warned each time a cookie is being sent, or so that cookies will be turned off. With cookies blocked, some functions of the Site may not operate properly.
Usernames, Passwords, and Profiles
If prompted, Users must provide a valid email address to the Site, at which the User can receive messages. The user must also update the Site if that email address changes. The Site reserves the right to terminate any User account if a valid email is requested but is not provided by the User.
If the Site prompts or allows a User to create a username or profile, Users agree not to pick a username or provide any profile information that would impersonate someone or that is likely to cause confusion with any other person or entity. The Site reserves the right to cancel a User account or change a username or profile data at any time. Similarly, if the Site prompts or allows a User to create an avatar or upload a picture, User agrees not to use any image that impersonates some other person or entity, or that is otherwise likely to cause confusion.
You are responsible for protecting your username and password for the Site, and you agree not to disclose it to any third party. We recommend that you use a password that is more than eight characters long. You are responsible for all activity on your account, whether or not you authorized it. You agree to inform us of unauthorized use of your account, by email to alexafinnworld@gmail.com . You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your interactions with the Site, it is your responsibility to use a secure encrypted connection, virtual private network, or other appropriate measures.
BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:
– Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
– Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
– Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
For European residents
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access the personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information is corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
No Users Under the Age of 13
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use the Site at any time. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from anyone under the age of 13, we will erase that information from our servers. It is a violation of our Terms of Service for children under the age of 13 to use the Site.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at fibrodef@gmail.com
Tweet
Pin It
Search
Popular Posts