https://1timetracking.com/terms/
Home
FAQ
Pricing & Sign Up
News / Blog
Contact us
Resources
Log in
Home
FAQ
Pricing & Sign Up
News / Blog
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Resources
Log in
Be sent to your 1time login area
Your 1time ID:
.1time.net
To login area
Terms of Service
By using this service you are agreeing to the terms below.
Effective Date: 25th March 2018
Time Warden Ltd. (“Time Warden”) provides 1timetracking.com and its related services (“Service”) to you (“Customer”) subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”) set forth below. Please read the following carefully.
Time Warden reserves the right to update and modify the Terms of Service at any time without notice. New features that may be added to the Service shall be subject to the Terms of Service. Should you continue to use the Service after any such modifications have been made, this shall constitute your agreement to such modifications. You may always view the most recent copy of the Terms of Service http://www.1timetracking.com/terms/
Violation of any part of the Terms of Service will result in termination of your account.
Summary of Service
1time is a cloud-based software service operated by Time Warden for our Customers who are (in the main) corporate entities of all sizes.
Each Customer has one or more employees, some of whom have administrative privileges.
The primary purpose of the service is to keep track of employees’ time on their client or internal projects.
Time Warden disclaims all ownership and other rights to content that we store and process on behalf of our customers
Registering for an Account
Please read our Privacy Policy.
If you do not understand or accept it or these terms, do not register as a Customer
You must provide your company name (if applicable), and a valid email address and name for the “account-holder” (a person), and any other required information to complete the sign-up process.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of the credentials of your account, and for following accepted practices like a regular change of password. Time Warden will not be held liable for any damage or loss that may result from your failure to adequately protect these credentials.
One person or entity may not maintain more than one free account.
You will be allocated a unique domain for accessing your services in the form example.1time.net.
Although Time Warden retains ownership and control of this url, you will have the use of it for as long as you remain a fully paid-up user
You are responsible for the personal data that you enter into your 1time account, and you warrant that you have all the necessary permissions from data subjects and relevant authorities to record and maintain such data
Payment and Access
A valid credit card is required for paying accounts. A credit card is not required to create or use a free account.
If you initially sign up for a Plus, Premium, Gold, Platinum, Professional, or Enterprise account, and you do not cancel that account within 30 days, your credit card will be charged monthly starting on the 30th day after that account was initially created. If you cancel the Service prior to the processing of your first invoice on the 30th day, your credit card will not be charged.
Except for free single-user accounts, we will charge you a standard monthly fee based on your account type. The Service is billed in advance for each month, and is non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, or refunds made should you not use the Service during a period of time when your account is open. No exceptions will be made.
Should you upgrade or downgrade your account type, your credit card will be charged your new billing rate immediately. Your credit card will then be charged your new billing rate every 30 days thereafter unless you cancel your account.
All fees are exclusive of all taxes or duties imposed by governing authorities. You alone are responsible for payment of all such taxes or duties.
Modifications to the Service and Fees
Time Warden reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service at any time for any reason with or without notice.
Time Warden reserves the right to change our monthly fees upon 30 days notice from us. Fee change notices may be posted to the Service or on the 1time website: http://www.1timetracking.com/
Support, Enhancement Requests, and Release Policy
Time Warden supplies a support service to fully paid-up customers (other than those holding free accounts) by email, messaging, and chat and will make reasonable efforts to provide a practicable resolution to any problem that it believes is caused by the 1time service.
Time Warden makes no warranties regarding (i) your ability to use the Service, or (ii) that the Service will be available at all times, uninterrupted, and error-free.
Customers may request enhancements or additional features by making contact with support@1timetracking.com, detailing the request.
Time Warden will investigate by assessing and making/seeking clarifications if necessary. Based on the investigation, Time Warden may make a fee quotation for developing the enhancement.
We reserve the right to levy a charge for the investigation if the requirement is complex or the investigation is overly time-consuming.
From time to time, Time Warden will publish upgrades and enhancements to the service, which may incorporate new features aimed at increasing the benefit to existing users, changes to meet market requirements, enhancements originally commissioned by Customer(s) and other features.
Some such additional features may be reserved for Customers on higher subscription levels
Cancellation and Termination
You alone are responsible for the proper cancellation of your account. You may cancel your account at any time by clicking on the Account Settings link in the Settings section (press icon at top right of the main menu). The Account Settings screen provides a simple link to cancel your account.
Your account and all of its Content will be deleted immediately upon your cancellation of the Service.
You may cancel at any time, but you will remain liable for all charges accrued up to that time, including full monthly charges for the month in which you discontinued service. You will not be charged again.
Copyright and Ownership
Time Warden or its suppliers own the intellectual property rights to any and all protectable components of the Service, including but not limited to the name of the Service, artwork and end-user interface elements contained within the Service, many of the individual features, source code, and the related documentation. You may not copy, modify, adapt, reproduce, distribute, reverse engineer, decompile, or dissemble any aspect of the Service which Time Warden or its suppliers own.
Time Warden claims no intellectual property rights over the Content you upload or provide to the Service.
General Conditions
Your use of the Service, including any content, information or functionality contained within it, is provided “as is” and “as available” with no representations or warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. You assume total responsibility and risk for your use of this Service.
You agree not to resell, duplicate, reproduce or exploit any part of the Service without the express written permission of Time Warden.
You may not use the service to store, host, or send unsolicited email (spam) or SMS messages.
Web browser sessions are protected by SSL, a form of encryption which is generally believed to offer a very high level of security and privacy
The Service uses email to communicate with you and with your employees and/or users of the accounts.
Email is considered inherently insecure by many experts.
You may not use the service to transmit any viruses, worms, or malicious content.
Time Warden, its affiliates and its sponsors are neither responsible nor liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, punitive or other damages arising out of or relating in any way to your use of the Service. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the Service is to stop using the Service.
If any provision of the Terms of Service is held invalid or otherwise unenforceable, the enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be impaired thereby.
The failure of Time Warden to exercise any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any right hereunder. The Terms of Service sets forth the entire understanding between you and Time Warden as to the Service and supercedes any prior agreements between you and Time Warden (including, but not limited to, prior versions of the Terms of Service).
Any questions regarding the Terms of Service should be addressed to support@1timetracking.com
Copyright © 2015
Time Warden Ltd
Home
FAQ
Pricing & Sign Up
News / Blog
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Resources