https://3dgroup.net/privacy-policy/
510.463.0333
Partner Portal
Privacy Policy
Data Driven Decisions, Inc. (DBA 3D Group) takes the privacy of our clients very seriously. We champion ethical business practices and deeply respect the confidentiality of our clients and the individuals we work with.
3D Group helps grow leaders and drive organizational change using employee feedback, primarily through 360 Feedback, employee satisfaction surveys, and related consulting. We collect and store only the data needed to provide the highest quality products and services to our clients. We do not disclose to third parties (onward transfer) any identifying personal information of the individuals we work with, except as specifically requested by the clients providing the data or in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.  Even when providing data back to a client organization, the majority of information is provided in aggregate or as analysis, with additional measures in place to protect anonymity. 3D Group does not currently transfer personal data, received pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, to third party agents. However, if personal information of EU or Swiss individuals is transferred to third parties in the future, 3D Group is potentially liable. Please contact us at privacyofficer@3dgroup.net, at 510-463-0333 (USA), or via your regular 3D Group contact person if you have any questions or requests regarding privacy.
Data Integrity and Security are extremely important to us, and 3D Group takes all reasonable precautions to ensure accuracy and to protect personal information from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure. 3D Group complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EU and Switzerland to the United States. 3D Group has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over 3D Group’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
3D Group has self-certified that it that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. 3D Group collects information on behalf of our clients about their employees. We are upfront about the purpose and use for information we collect when we collect it and will not materially change these purposes or uses. In some cases organizations provide employee data to 3D Group directly, thereby communicating to 3D Group that those employees have opted in to a process involving their information. In order to solicit feedback and to provide accurate results and analysis, we collect contact information (primarily name and email address, occasionally a phone number). In order to aggregate and analyze feedback for groups of employees, we collect demographic information, primarily about employees’ roles and history in the organization (such as who their boss is, what department they work in, their work location, and their tenure at the organization), though also sometimes about the individual, such as their age or gender. Individuals who wish to view, verify, correct, opt out of certain uses of, or remove their information may contact 3D Group via email at privacyofficer@3dgroup.net or via phone at 510-463-0333 (USA). In compliance with the Privacy Shield framework, individuals have the right to access to personal information about them and be able to correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Principles, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
3D Group provides best-in-class customer service, and we expect that any client concerns about privacy can be addressed promptly and to our clients’ satisfaction. If you have questions or concerns about 3D Group privacy policies or compliance with the Privacy Shield Framework, please contact us at privacyofficer@3dgroup.net or via phone at 510-463-0333 (USA). In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, 3D Group commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of personal information. For individuals located in the EU or Switzerland, 3D Group has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an international dispute resolution provider. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, you may contact or visit JAMS (https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Also, an individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms; Additional information about binding arbitration can be found here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction. 3D Group commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
Thank you for working with 3D Group.