https://3dscanners.co.uk/privacy-policy/
In compliance with UK and European law, this privacy policy explains what personal information we collect from you when you visit our website.
3DScanners UK Ltd is committed to maintaining your privacy and consequently, all information collected from this site is kept strictly confidential and will not be disclosed or used in any manner to which you have not consented. By supplying data to this website, a visitor is agreeing to 3DScanners UK Ltd using the data supplied in accordance with this statement.
Data Collection
3DScanners UK Ltd may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
Information about your computer, your visits and use of this website. This may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type, length of visit, referral source, page views and entry / exit points;
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us for newsletters, marketing emails and, in the future, the delivery of online education. This information can include, name, company, job title, email address, telephone and mobile number;
Any other information that you choose to send to us.
Use of cookies
Our website uses cookies. We use cookies to gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website. Such information will not identify you personally – it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our website. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever. We may also gather information about your general Internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer, as cookies contains information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Using your Personal Information
Any personal information that is submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of this website.
3DScanners may use your personal information for the following:
To improve website content using page hits
To send you email notifications which you have previously opted to receive
To send you marketing communications that relate to our business and that we think may be of interest to you. You can inform us or unsubscribe at any time, should you wish not to receive this content
To enable you to use the services which are available on our website
If you have consented to receive marketing information, you may opt out at a later date by writing to us at 3DScanners UK Ltd, The TechnoCentre, Puma Way, Coventry CV1 2TT. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, you should note that we do not have any control over these other websites. Once you have used any of these links to leave our site, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting these sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Third Party Access
Access to your personal information is only allowed when required by law, we do not, and will never, sell or share your personal information.
Access to personal information
To make a request to 3DScanners UK Ltd for any personal information we may hold, we need you to contact us by writing to the address provided below:
3DScanners UK Ltd, The TechnoCentre, Puma Way, Coventry CV1 2TT
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Changes to our privacy policy:
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 3rd May 2018.
Click here to unsubscribe
How to contact us:
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or about information we hold about you:
By email: sales@3dscanners.co.uk
Or write to us at: 3DScanners UK Ltd, The TechnoCentre, Puma Way, Coventry CV1 2TT