https://4js.com/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home1 / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of any websites owned or operated by Four Js Development Tools Inc. (collectively, the “Sites”) that link to this Privacy Policy. Four Js Development Tools values the privacy of users, subscribers, publishers, members, and others who visit and use the Sites (collectively or individually, “you” or “users”) and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose personal information from and about you.
You may share personal information when using the Sites. One example is when you provide information about yourself as part of the account creation process. Another is when you take certain actions on the Sites that are public or intended to be public in nature, such as when you participate in a discussion forum or post profile information. Given the social nature of some of the services of the Sites, that information may be collected, used, or disclosed by others who are part of that social interaction. In addition, some features of the Sites are designed to provide others with information about user activity, such as identifying the user who downloaded a file or the subscription status of users. We encourage you to be mindful of this when considering your activity on the Sites.
In respect of the collection, use and disclosure of personal information described in this Privacy Policy, Four Js Development Tools Inc. is the data controller for the purposes of applicable data privacy legislation (the “Legislation”).
Our address is:
Four Js Development Tools Inc.
251 O’Connor Ridge Blvd.
Suite 125
Irving, Texas 75038
United States
You can contact us by emailing: privacy@4js.com.
Storage and access to cookies that are set in connection with the Sites are governed by the Cookie Policy.
Table of Contents
Information Four Js Development Tools Collects
How We Use Personal Information
When Four Js Development Tools Discloses Information
Your Choices
Account Closure & Deletion
Third-Party Websites and Services
Advertisers and Analytics Providers
Do Not Track
Data Security
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Contact Information
Personal Information Four Js Development Tools Collects
User-provided Information: You may provide a variety of information about yourself to us, such as your name, email address, postal mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and billing information when you create an account; download, purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the Sites; enter contests or sweepstakes; register for special events or otherwise use the features and functionality of the Sites.
Automatically Collected Information: When you access the Sites or open one of our emails, we may automatically record and store certain information about your system by using cookies and other types of technologies. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are sent to your browser. For information about what cookies are, how they work, how we use them, and how to remove them, please see our Cookie Policy. Examples of such information we automatically collect may include Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”), a unique user ID, device and browser types and identifiers, referring and exit page addresses, software and system type, and information about your usage of the Sites.
Where we need to process your Personal Information either to comply with law, or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of the Sites).
We set out more details about both categories of information in the table below:
Category of Personal Data collected
What this means
Identity Data
First name, surname, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender
Contact Data
Your home address, work address, billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
Your bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
Any details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions and services you have purchased from us. Data in respect of your transactions with third parties (including your credit history).
Marketing and Communications Data
Your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Behavioural Data
Inferred or assumed information relating to your behaviour and interests, based on your online activity.
Technical Data
Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Sites or use our services.
How We Use Personal Information
We use such information to operate, maintain, enhance, provide, create, and develop all of the features, functionality, and services (new or existing); improve your experience by delivering content that we hope you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; allow you to comment on content; and understand the usage trends of our users.
We use your email address to communicate with you, including to notify you of major services or products updates, for customer service purposes, or to contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from the Sites.
Four Js Development Tools may periodically send promotional materials or notifications to you. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can go to your account settings once you have logged in or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of any email from us.
We will only use your Personal Information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.  If we need to use your Personal Information for an unrelated purpose, we will update this Privacy Policy and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your Personal Information, the Legislation requires us to ensure that we have a “legal basis” for that use. Most commonly, we will rely on one of the following legal bases:
where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (“Contractual Necessity”).
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (“Legitimate Interests”). More detail about the specific legitimate interests pursued in respect of each purpose we use your Personal Information for is set out in the table below.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (“Compliance with Law”).
where we have your specific consent to carry out the processing for the purpose in question (“Consent”).
Generally we do not rely on your Consent as a legal basis for using your Personal Information other than in the context of direct marketing communications.
Purpose
Category(ies) of Personal Data involved
Why do we do this
Our legal basis for this use of data
Account Creation
Identity Data
Contact Data
To register you as a new customer.
Contractual Necessity.
Fraud Prevention
Identity Data
Contact Data
To keep our Sites, our services and associated systems operational and secure.
Legitimate Interests.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring the ongoing security and proper operation of our services, Sites and associated IT services and networks.
Troubleshooting
Technical Data
To track issues that might be occurring on our systems.
Legitimate Interests.
It is in our legitimate interests that we are able to monitor and ensure the proper operation of our Sites and associated systems and services.
Marketing
Identity Data
Contact Data
Marketing and Communications Data
To form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you.
Legitimate Interests.
We have a legitimate interest in providing you with updates on our Sites and related offers where you have purchased or shown interest in similar services from us.
.
When Four Js Development Tools Discloses Personal Information
Four Js Development Tools does not share information that can identify you personally with third parties for their marketing or promotional uses without your consent. We may, however, share such information for the following purposes:
We may disclose such information to service providers working on our behalf, to: provide website hosting, maintenance, and security services; fulfill orders; conduct data analysis and create reports; offer certain functionality; or assist us in improving the Sites and creating new services and features. We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy, we authorize them to use the information only for the purposes for which it is provided to them, and we require them to use reasonable confidentiality measures.
Four Js Development Tools may disclose user information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with U.S. state and federal laws or other applicable laws around the world (for example, in the country of your residence), or respond to a court order, judicial or other government request, subpoena, or warrant in the manner legally required.
Four Js Development Tools also reserves the right to disclose information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to protect Four Js Development Tools from potential liability or from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims, or allegations; protect the security or integrity of the Sites; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Four Js Development Tools, our users, or others.
Many of our external third parties are based outside Europe so their processing of your Personal Information will involve a transfer of data to countries based outside of Europe. We endeavour to ensure that people to whom we provide Personal Data hold it subject to appropriate safeguards and controls. Whenever we transfer your Personal Information out of the Europe, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We may transfer your Personal Information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Information by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of Personal Data in non-EU countries.
Where we use service providers outside Europe, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission, which give Personal Information the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
Where we use service providers based in the U.S., we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to Personal Information shared between Europe and the U.S. For further details, see European Commission: EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.
Your Choices
By law you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Information. This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the Personal Information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your Personal Information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your Personal Information. This right exists where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Information.  We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent. This right only exists where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Information (“Consent Withdrawal”). If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to the certain specific functionalities of our Site. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the contact details shown here: privacy@4js.com.
Typically, you will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, except in relation to Consent Withdrawal, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, or, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Account Closure & Deletion
If you would like to close your account and delete your profile information on the Sites, you may update or delete information tied to your account, or close an account, by accessing the “My Account” area of the service or by submitting a help ticket to that service. If you close your account, Four Js Development Tools may retain other information about you for the activities described in this Privacy Policy, or as permitted or required by applicable law.  We will only retain your Personal Information for so long as we reasonably need to use it for the purposes set out above, unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
Third-Party Services and Websites
The Sites may link to third-party websites or services. The privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and services to understand their practices.
If you connect to a third-party service (such as YouTube, Twitter, or another third-party application) through the Sites you are requesting and authorizing us to share or grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact that your connection originated from the Sites, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party. We may also send information about your activities on the Sites to such third parties.
Advertisers and Analytics Providers
We may use third-party Web analytics services in connection with the Sites, such as those of Google Analytics, its advertising features. These service providers use a variety of tracking technologies such as cookies to analyze how users use the Sites. The information collected (described above in “Automatically Collected Information”) will be collected directly by these service providers to evaluate your use of the Sites. For more information on how Google Analytics uses data from our Sites and how you can control the information sent to Google, click here To learn about opting out of Google Analytics, please go to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on the Sites for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out links above. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
Data Security
Four Js Development Tools uses a variety of managerial, technical, and physical measures to protect the integrity and security of your information. These measures may vary based on the sensitivity of your information. However, no security precautions or systems can be completely secure. Four Js Development Tools agrees to notify its clients in the event that customer data is accessed by any breach of security resulting in an unauthorized release of client data.  We limit access to your Personal Data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Four Js Development Tools reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time (for example to reflect updates to the Sites or to reflect changes in the law). If Four Js Development Tools changes this Privacy Policy, we will provide you notice of these changes, such as by sending an email, posting a notice on the Sites, or updating the “Last Updated” date above. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for those changes.
Contact Information
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy by email to privacy@4js.com. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt.
Lastest news
WWDC 20 (Online): Back to the Future
November 26, 2020
Le fournisseur de solutions de santé, MedAdept, atteint la conformité HIPAA via Genero Cloud
November 13, 2020
Genero Enterprise 3.20 Maintenance Release Client/Server (GST) 3.20.09
October 15, 2020
Genero Enterprise roadmap update
September 30, 2020
ITDC20 – VIRTUAL DEVELOPER CONFERENCE
September 11, 2020
Four Js Development Tools Inc.
251 O’Connor Ridge Blvd.
Suite 125
Irving, Texas 75038
United States
866 314 7300
Toll free number
(972) 893-7300
(972) 893-7304
Leave us a message
Four Js around the world:
Four Js Development Tools, Inc.
Four Js Development Tools Europe
Four Js Development Tools Latin America
Four Js Development Tools Asia
Four Js Development Tools UK
Four Js Development Tools France
Four Js Development Tools Iberica
Four Js Development Tools Italia
Four Js Development Tools Software Vertriebs GmbH
Four Js Development Tools R&D centre
Scroll to top