https://9to5mac.com/2020/09/26/privacy-focused-brave-web-browser-adds-support-for-ios-14-default-app-settings/
Cashback
Fix
Toggle dark mode
Search
Search
Toggle search
9to5Toys
9to5Google
Electrek
DroneDJ
Space Explored
About
September 26
Privacy-focused Brave web browser adds support for iOS 14 default app settings
Chance Miller
- Sep. 26th 2020 2:46 pm PT
@ChanceHMiller
Apps & Updates
0
FacebookTwitterPinterestLinkedInReddit
The privacy-focused Brave Browser is the latest iOS web browser to add support for iOS 14’s new default app setting. An update to Brave this week added support for the feature, allowing users to set Brave as their default iPhone or iPad web browser instead of Safari.
Support for changing the default browser and email applications is one of the many changes in iOS 14 and iPadOS 14. To set Brave as your default iOS 14 or iPadOS 14 browser, simply open the Settings app, scroll down and look for “Brave” in the list of applications, then choose “Default Browser App” and make the change.
Brave is a privacy-centric browser that claims to offer performance that is between three and six times faster than Safari. Some of the privacy features include:
Built-in 3rd party Ad-Block
Pop-up blocker
Saves battery and data
Tracking protection
HTTPS everywhere (for security)
Script blocking
History
Private and recent tabs
Private VPN
Notably, iOS 14.0.1 was released to the public this week with a fix for a bug related to the default app settings. There was a bug in the first public version of iOS 14 that caused your default browser or mail app setting to reset to Mail or Safari when your iPhone or iPad rebooted. iOS 14.0.1 resolves this issue and is available now.
Third-party browsers have been quick to take advantage of the new iOS 14 default app settings. So far we’ve seen apps such as Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, and DuckDuckGo add support for the new feature.
Brave Browser is available on the App Store with in-app purchases to unlock certain features such as VPN connections.
FTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
You’re reading 9to5Mac — experts who break news about Apple and its surrounding ecosystem, day after day. Be sure to check out our homepage for all the latest news, and follow 9to5Mac on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to stay in the loop. Don’t know where to start? Check out our exclusive stories, reviews, how-tos, and subscribe to our YouTube channel
Guides
iOS 14
iOS 14 was released on September 16th, 2020. New features include a new home screen design, widgets, picture in picture, and more.
About the Author
Chance Miller
@ChanceHMiller
Chance is an editor for the entire 9to5 network and covers the latest Apple news for 9to5Mac.
Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com
Chance Miller's favorite gear
Skillshare
Get a free trial of Skillshare Premium Membership
Logitech Powered
My go-to wireless charging stand.
Apple officially announces AirPods Max for $549
Apple Fitness+ launching on December 14
Deal Hub: Exclusive discounts on top Apple accessories
Apple developing industry-leading chips for iMac, more