https://aa1car.com/privacy_policy.htm
Home,
Automotive Repair Library, Car BLOG,
Automotive Links,
Advertising Info
AA1Car & CarleySoftware Privacy Policy
AA1Car does NOT collect any personalized data on people who visit our websites.
Consequently, we do not offer an OPT OUT option because there is nothing to opt out of.
We do NOT place tracking cookies on your computer.
We do NOT sell any personal data because we collect no data to sell.
We do NOT put your name on any mailing lists, and we do NOT spam you with junk emails.
We do NOT force you to register to view our content.
HOWEVER, the ad services that provide revenue for this website DO monitor, track and collect visitor data that helps them do a better job of targeting and serving ads.
So for further information about their privacy policies and OPT OUT policies, we refer to to the following links:
GOOGLE ADSENSE PRIVACY POLICY
Basically, Google tracks everything you do online whether you are visiting our website or any other website on the internet.
Google Analytics reports to us general web usage information such as the number of page views we receive, ads displayed, number of ad clicks,
page revenue generated and other management data (none of which is linked to any individual visitor on the Google Adsense reports we see). We have no control over the ads that Google chooses to display on our pages (other than to block certain categories of ads), and no control over the user data Google complies or what they do with it.
Google Privacy Policy
Opting Out
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. (CLick Here to Opt Out)"
INFOLINKS PRIVACY POLICY
Infolinks also tracks users who visit our websites and compiles data to help them serve ads on our pages.
We have almost no control over the ads that Infolinks displays on our website, or the information Infolinks compiles on our visitors.
Infolinks Privacy Policy
YAHOO SMALL BUSINESS PRIVACY POLICY
The company that hosts our websites (Yahoo Small Business) also collects and compiles generic information on web traffic and page views for general reporting.
Here is the link to their Privacy Policy:
Yahoo Small Business Web Hosting Privacy Policy
AA1CAR CONTACT INFORMATION
Email questions and comments regarding the AA1Car website to:
(NOTE: the blue button is not a "live" email button to reduce SPAM. You must enter the address manually to send us email.)
Click Here to Return To AA1Car Auto Diagnosis & Repair Help Home Page