http://abccomm.com/my-abc/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This document describes ABC’s commitment to the protection of our stakeholders’ personal information. The legal description of our privacy policy can be found here.
ABC’s privacy practices are based on the ten Fair Information Principles described in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
Principle 1 - Accountability
ABC has appointed an executive officer to be accountable for our compliance with these fair information principles.
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes
ABC collects personal information for the purpose of establishing and maintaining commercial relationships with customers, suppliers, and business partners. We also collect personal information for the purpose of fulfilling legal and regulatory requirements, and for the purpose of conducting internal market analyses in order to better serve our customer base. We also collect limited personal information for the purpose of advertising, as described here.
Principle 3 - Consent
ABC will not generally collect, use, or disclose your personal information without your consent, unless
The use or disclosure of personal information is clearly in your interest, and your timely consent cannot reasonably be obtained; or
The information is required by law; or
The information is used to collect a debt.
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection
ABC will limit the collection of personal information to that which is needed for business, regulatory, and legal purposes. Any information will be collected by fair and lawful means.
Principle 5 - Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
Unless you consent, or unless it is required by law, your personal information can only be used or disclosed for the purposes for which it was collected. We will keep your personal information only as long as required to serve those purposes.
Principle 6 - Accuracy
We will keep all personal information as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as possible in order to properly satisfy the purposes for which it is to be used.
Principle 7 - Safeguards
All personal information is protected by appropriate security relative to the sensitivity of the information. For example, all credit card information is stored on an encrypted, protected server. Customer information is only accessible to designated individuals within ABC.
Principle 8 - Openness
ABC makes our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information publicly and readily available through this policy.
Principle 9 - Individual Access
If you have any questions about your personal information and how it is collected, stored, disclosed, or used, please contact us at privacy@abccomm.com. You may challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Principle 10 - Challenging Compliance
If you would like to challenge ABC’s compliance with the above principles, please address your challenge to privacy@abccomm.com.