http://abitoblarney.com/store/index.php?main_page=privacy
Languages:
Irish smiles minus the Irish miles and thats no blarney!
Home |
Log In |
0 item(s) - $0.00 |
Checkout
FREE SHIPPINGon all orders over $50.00
Quick Links
Home
New Products
Featured Products
All Products
Specials
Search
Shop
Celtic Jewelry
Claddagh Rings
Coin Jewelry
Engagement Rings
Wedding Jewelry
Celtic Knot Wedding Bands
Celtic Warrior Wedding Bands
Claddagh Wedding Bands
Trinity Wedding Bands
Celtic Knot Wedding Bands
Celtic Rings
Celtic Warrior Wedding Bands
Celtic Wedding Bands
Claddagh Rings
Claddagh Wedding Bands
Coat of Arms Gifts
Connemara Marble
Engagement Rings
Gaelic Wedding Bands
Irish Baby Gifts
Irish Coin Jewelry
Irish Dancing
Irish Wedding Gifts
Irish Woolen Gifts
Mullingar Pewter
Porcelain Dolls
Tea Pots & Mugs
Heraldic Gifts
Brands
About Us
Welcome to our Store!
What started off as a one woman enterprise way back in October of 1999 has turned in to a robust and efficient family business. I have learned so much over the years about quality Irish goods and how hard it is to keep things fresh for my customers. We always stock the favorites such as Celtic Jewelry, china, woolens, etc and I love to find the special pieces that really show off Irish artisian craftsmanship at its finest.
Info
General Info
About Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Customers
Log In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Useful Links
Service
Shipping
Different items have different delivery times. Most items ship within 24-48 hours. Special order items are non-refundable and take 2-3 weeks for delivery.
Shop with Confidence
Payments accepted via secure Paypal connection. Please purchase with confidence.
Categories
Celtic Jewelry (131)Celtic Knot Wedding Bands (26)Celtic RingsCeltic Warrior Wedding Bands (12)Celtic Wedding Bands (14)Claddagh Rings (21)Claddagh Wedding Bands (17)Coat of Arms Gifts (16)Connemara Marble (6)Engagement Rings (18)Gaelic Wedding Bands (12)Irish Baby Gifts (13)Irish Coin Jewelry (9)Irish Dancing (2)Irish Wedding Gifts (9)Irish Woolen Gifts (7)Mullingar Pewter (13)Porcelain DollsTea Pots & Mugs (3)Heraldic Gifts (16)Specials ...New Products ...All Products ...
What's New  [more]
Heavy Claddagh Ring Gents$868.00
Extra Heavy Claddagh Ring Gents$1,442.00
Heavy Gents Claddagh Ring$912.00
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Privacy Notice
The privacy of our customers is of the utmost importance to A Bit O Blarney.com.
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for A Bit O Blarney.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
* See what data we have about you, if any.
* Change/correct any data we have about you.
* Have us delete any data we have about you.
* Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Important Links
Contact Us
Store Mission
Testimonials
View Coat of Arms Crests
Like Us on Facebook
A Note From Herself
Search
Advanced Search
Bestsellers
1.   Tiny Tea Pot
2.   Connemara Marble Standing Celtic...
3.   Connemara Marble Tea Light Candle...
4.   Tiny teapot
5.   Babog Baby Irish Bear
6.   Claddagh Cake Knife
7.   Claddagh Wedding Cup
8.   Coat-of-Arms Long Sleeve Tee -...
9.   Connemara Marble 3 inch Egg
10.   Irish 1/2 Penny
Harp Necklace
Specials  [more]
Cake Server$69.50  $59.75Save: 14% off
Claddagh Cake Knife$67.50  $57.95Save: 14% off
Who's Online
There currently are 4 guests online.
Contact Informationsheila@abitoblarney.com
InformationAbout UsSite MapGift Certificate FAQDiscount CouponsNewsletter Unsubscribe
Customer SupportShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMy AccountUseful Links Contact Us
Like Us on Facebook
A Note From Herself
Store Mission
Testimonials
Copyright © 2020 A Bit O Blarney.com Irish Gift Shop.
Powered by Zen Cart.
Zen cart templates by Picaflor Azul.