https://academy.europrivacy.com/
Europrivacy Academy
Europrivacy Academy is the online platform of training and capacity building for DPOs, implementers, auditors and other professionals to become certified Europrivacy experts.
View All Courses
Online Training
Learn about the Europrivacy Certification Scheme in a classroom-like setting.
Tests and Certificates
Earn a globally recognised certificate and extend your repertoire of expertise.
Network of Experts
Join a community of experts dedicated to personal data protection.
Europrivacy Courses
Europrivacy Academy provides comprehensive training courses to those interested in obtaining an official certification as Europrivacy experts in assessing and certifying compliance of data processing activities with the GDPR and national regulations.
Europrivacy enables the assessment and certification of compliance of personal data processing activities with the GDPR and complementary national or domain-specific regulations. It has been designed to encompass a wide range of data protection activities, including services and information management systems. Courses of Europrivacy offer a customised learning experience to a wide variety of interested professionals. Click here to learn more about the courses.
50€
Introductory Course
The course is ideal for those interested in learning more about what Europrivacy is without getting into the technical details of the certification process. It is ideal for those who wish to familiarise with the Europrivacy Certification before committing to learn how to use it. At the end of this course, you will have a broad overview and gained basic knowledge on the Certification Scheme.
See more...
1800€
Course for Implementers
This course is ideal for Implementers who wish to learn about the Europrivacy Certification Scheme. It provides comprehensive training that is necessary for professionals to ensure the compliance of their company or organisation with the Europrivacy Certification Scheme.
See more...
2400€
Course for Auditors
The course is ideal for experts who wish to be able to audit processes, products and services, as well as data protection management systems, assessing their compliance with the GDPR and other complementary data protection regulations. It includes 18 modules necessary to fully understand the Europrivacy Certification Scheme.
See more...
Register today
Why Europrivacy?
Europrivacy
Europrivacy is a comprehensive, reliable and cost-efficient certification scheme on data protection that is continuously updated by an international board of experts.
Global recognition
Europrivacy expert certifications are valid worldwide. Obtain a certificate and stand out with your skills among others in the field.
Networking
Europrivacy provides a networking opportunity for professionals interested to collaborate with consulting firms, certification bodies and other like-minded experts.
Resource centre
From courses to handbooks, Europrivacy provides a variety of online resources to build and extend your expertise in GDPR compliance assessment.
Contact us
If you have any question about Europrivacy, the courses or exams, please feel free to contact us by filling the form below. Our colleagues are happy to help and will reach out to you as soon as possible.
All fields are mandatory.
Name
Email Address
Message
error: Content is protected !!
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes