https://accessanalytic.com.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Confidentiality, Privacy & Security
Home/Confidentiality, Privacy & Security
Confidentiality, Privacy & SecurityJackie Meddows-Taylor2017-02-03T03:25:45+08:00
During the course of our consulting, we are often provided with highly confidential information.
We treat our client’s confidentiality and information security extremely carefully!
This privacy policy applies to information that Access Analytic Solutions Pty Ltd (091 625 697) (“Access Analytic”, “we” “us”) collects such as names, email addresses, contact details,  Excel test scores and web browser activity (“Information”)  of visitors to or users of our Website (www.accessanalytic.com.au), clients, potential clients and business contacts (“you”) only where this Information is supplied to us directly (or through our Website) by you or you make that Information available publicly. We do this by way of email, telephone, through written correspondence, in person, through our Website, at seminars and functions (if you fill out an assessment form, leave a business card, or complete a feedback form) or through online mediums such as LinkedIn. We are required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) in the Privacy Act 1988 which regulate the manner in which personal information is handled throughout its life cycle, from collection/receipt to use and disclosure and storage accessibility and disposal.
We hold and may use this Information for marketing purposes, administering and assessing our training events, and conducting surveys and market research for product and service improvement purposes from time-to-time. You are free to opt-out from receiving marketing information from us.  Information about how to do this is included with each communication.
Access Analytic does not collect or store any credit card information. All credit cards are processed by a third-party processor that is PCi Compliant, using military-grade encryption and security.   Access to any personal information we collect is restricted to only those within Access Analytic. We never publicise any client information without your express permission, unless required by law. We never sell or market your information, nor do we allow anyone else to access your information, unless required by law. We maintain virus and malware scanning software on our systems. This is updated daily.  Our systems run behind a stateful inspection firewall that operates at the hardware level. In addition, a software firewall is utilised to provide further levels of protection. We track usage of our Website in aggregate. Information that can specifically identify an individual’s usage of our Website is not collected. Information submitted as part of downloading products from our Website may be forwarded to the software producer or another authorised reseller (e.g. if we are not licensed to supply this product to you).  Access Analytic interfaces to other third-party sites such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. If you click links or buttons that interact with those websites, you should check the privacy policies of those sites.
Where required by applicable law, we may disclose your personal data to third parties:
when required by law, by court order, or in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry;
to an investigative body;
to enforce our agreements with you;
when requested by government or law enforcement authorities;
with your express consent, or,
pursuant to our good faith belief that disclosure is required by law or otherwise necessary to the establishment of legal claims or defences, to obtain legal advice, to exercise and defend our legal rights, to protect our rights or property, or to protect the life, body or property of an individual.
You have the option of not identifying yourself, or of using a pseudonym when dealing with us if it lawful and practicable to do so. For example you may access our Website and make general phone enquiries without having to identify yourself and to enable you to respond to our surveys anonymously. In some cases however, if you don’t provide us with your personal information when requested, we may not be able to respond to your request or provide you with the product or service you are seeking.
Access Analytic does, from time to time, disclose personal information to third parties located overseas in the following countries:
Finland
and in the following types of situations:
to allow follow-up on sales leads for software products
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you and to request its correction. You can do this by contacting the Privacy Office on the contact details below. We will respond to access and correction requests within a reasonable period after the request is made (7 working days).  There is no charge for this.
If you have an enquiry or complaint about how Access Analytic has collected or handled your personal information, please send a completed Privacy Complaint Form (Word | PDF) to our Privacy Officer as noted in the form.
Our Privacy Officer will endeavour in the first instance to respond to your complaint within a week. In most cases we expect that we will be able to investigate and respond to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the Privacy Complaint Form.
If the matter is more complex it may take longer and we will advise you in writing of this. Our response will set out whether in the Privacy Officer’s view there has been a breach of this Privacy Policy or any applicable privacy legislation and what action, if any Access Analytic will take to rectify the situation. If you are unhappy with this response you can refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Confidentiality, Privacy & Security