http://accelerateddata.com/http-accelerateddata-com-privacynotice
Privacy Statement
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted to the Accelerated Data Systems from many sources. We are authorized to collect and maintain this information through our client contracts, state licensure and certificates.
The Information We Collect
Name and/or other Responsible Party’s
Address
Phone number
Email address
The types of personal information collected may come from:
Information directly provided to us from a call ADS placed to you.
Information given willingly to ADS
Information provided during the course of our contracted business relationship with service companies with whom you have contractual obligations.
Information provided from you via our website and other communication methods (IE. Email, postal service, Inquiries for employment, ETC.)
The Way We Use Information
When possible clients contact ADS through this website we contact them back for the purpose of creating a mutual partnership.
We do not use, transfer, sell, or disclose your personal information to outside parties.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. This includes: strict data storage and retention policies, data destruction procedures, and principal of least privilege for access to data.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns please call 303-706-1101 or use the contact us form  on our website.
Updates To Our Privacy Notice
To ensure we comply with laws and regulations, at our discretion we will update this privacy notice when a change is needed. To stay informed of changes please check our website from time to time.