https://acondigital.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Applications
Acoustica
AudioLava
Plug-in Suites
Mastering Suite
Restoration Suite
Plug-Ins
DeVerberate
DeFilter
Extract:Dialogue
Equalize
Verberate
Verberate Immersive
Verberate Basic (free)
Multiply (free)
Downloads
Support
FAQ
User Forum (KVR Audio)
Submit Support Ticket
Store
Company
Contact
Press
Select PageHomeProducts        Acoustica        AudioLava        Mastering Suite        Restoration Suite        DeVerberate        DeFilter        Extract:Dialogue        Equalize        Verberate        Verberate Immersive        Verberate Basic (free)        Multiply (free)DownloadsSupport    FAQ    User Forum (KVR Audio)    Submit Support TicketStoreCompany    Contact    Press
Privacy Policy
You are here:Home Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Here we explain how we collect, store and process your personal data, and your rights concerning these data.
When is Data Collected
Data is collected when you sign up for our newsletter, submit a support ticket or order our products through this site.
What Data is Collected
We store your name, email address and information about ordered products such as product name, purchase date and the amount paid.
Why we Collect Data
We collect data to provide you the best possible purchase and support experience. The collected data helps us with:
Tax collection
Providing support
Retrieving lost license keys
Offering upgrade paths
Creating personalized offers
When we Share Your Data
Acon AS will not share your data with any third party. Orders from our web site are processed by our eCommerce provider Paddle Inc. and the data
collected is regulated by their Privacy Policy.
Anonymous Data
We use anonymous data for analytical or marketing reasons, such as the analysis of sales success and historical product sales.
Your Rights
You have the right to see, modify or delete the data we have collected based on your interaction with our web site. Please contact privacy@acondigital.com for any inquires.
By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. AcceptCookies Policy