http://acquia.com/about-us/legal
Skip to main navigation
X
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Cookie Settings." If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Cookie Settings
Accept Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
Acquia’s websites may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to enrich and personalize your user experience. Cookies help us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, and what content you view, so we can customize your experience with Acquia, including offering you more relevant content and advertising. You can also change your cookie preferences. Note, that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies:
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features (such as access to secure areas). Since these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the websites, you cannot refuse them without impacting your experience and how our websites function. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, as described under the heading "How can I control cookies?" in the Cookie Policy.
Non-Essential Website Cookies:
These cookies collect information that is used to help us understand how our websites are being used, how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our websites and applications to enhance your experience. You can click below to remove these cookies from your website experience. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable or unusable.
Cookie Policy
Analytics and Customization Cookies
Save settings
Acquia Legal & Compliance
Find legal information and resources for Acquia’s services.
Security
At Acquia, we have made the security investments required to provide our customers a robust and secure platform – with the required people, process and technology. This includes securing our platform by design, offering complementary security products and services, and a portfolio of independent third-party compliance audits to validate the robustness of our security program.
Learn More
Privacy and GDPR Compliance
Acquia welcomes this regulation as an important step forward in harmonizing the current disparate data protection requirements across the member states of the European Union. In addition, Acquia sees this as an opportunity to strengthen and deepen its commitment to data protection and to demonstrate how our offerings can help our customers on their own GDPR journey.
Learn More
Acquia and the CCPA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) was enacted into law on June 28, 2018. The CCPA seeks to ensure California consumers have a certain level of privacy rights.
Learn more about Acquia's compliance.
Policies
Find policies for acceptable use, privacy and DMCA.
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy Policy
DMCA Policy
CCPA Privacy Statement
Business Code of Conduct
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Terms
Find terms and conditions for Acquia’s products and services.
Subscription and Services Agreement
Terms of Services for Acquia Cloud Professional
Agreement for Acquia Cloud Free
Acquia Business Partner Agreement
Documentation
Contact Us
If you have questions about Acquia’s policies, terms, archives or other legal and data security topics, we’d like to hear from you.
General Inquiries
For privacy inquiries, email: [email protected]
For DMCA notices and all other legal inquiries, email: [email protected]
For security inquiries, email: [email protected]
Please contact the Acquia GDPR team at [email protected].