https://acrs.org.au/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyThe Australasian College of Road Safety (ACRS) complies with the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988. The ACRS collects personal and business information to advocate for its members, run events, operate its RSPP accreditation program, and provide member services and information, including through our associated state Chapter bodies.Availability of this policyThis policy is freely available from the ACRS website www.acrs.org.au.How and why we collect personal informationThe ACRS collects personal and business information to administer programs for our members, run events, operate our Registered Road Safety Professionals (RRSP) accreditation program, and provide member services and information, including through our associated Chapter bodies.The personal information we collect to run events and provide member services includes names, contact details, year of birth, information that individuals provide about their business operations, and views that individuals provide on policy issues. We may also collect bank and credit card details.Personal data is collected on this website through technical processes such as contact forms, cookies, analytics, and third party plugins. Data from these processes may be retained indefinitely.The ACRS only collects personal information that is necessary for, or directly related to, our functions. We collect information from individuals with their consent. If we collect information about an individual from someone else, we will take reasonable steps to contact the individual. We do not, however, consider that it is reasonable in the circumstances to notify individuals when we collect publicly available documents that include their personal information such as government reports or magazine articles.Embedded content from other websitesData on this site may include embedded content (eg videos, images, articles) from other websites. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional tracking, and monitor your interaction with the embedded content.Content sharingWe may share data collected through this website with payment processors and third party service providers who facilitate processing and management of member accounts.Anonymity and pseudonymityFor administration purposes, the ACRS generally aggregates or anonymises personal information before it is used, or uses a pseudonym. Unless required by law, the ACRS will not provide material that identifies any specific individual or business without their explicit or implicit consent. You have the option of subscribing anonymously to ACRS publications or using a pseudonym. We do, however, need your real details if you wish to sign up for an ACRS event, join as a member, or participate in the ACRS Executive Committee or Chapter Committees. We will also need your real details if we need to verify that you are a financial member of an ACRS member association.Photography and video at ACRS and affiliated eventsACRS engages photographers and video camera operators, at its discretion, to shoot images of ACRS and affiliated events for marketing and editorial purposes. With ACRS’s permission, news organisations may also shoot news images of ACRS events. By registering for an ACRS event, you agree to ACRS using your image for marketing and editorial purposes, and to outside news organisations using your image as part of reporting the news, without the need for payment or further approval.ACRS publications and direct marketingACRS invites people to subscribe to its publications, media releases and events and awards updates. You will also receive updates if you register for an ACRS event. You can unsubscribe from any of these publications at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the foot of each email, or by sending an email to faa@acrs.org.au.Cross border disclosure of personal informationACRS stores information about people registered for major events such as the Australasian Road Safety Conference, on servers operated by our Conference Managers. These servers may be based overseas. ACRS regularly reviews our Conference Managers’ security and acceptable use policies and is satisfied they meet the requirements of APP 8.1. ACRS also conducts surveys with the option for respondents to be anonymous using a web-based service located in the United States.Integrity and security of personal informationThe ACRS periodically checks the personal information we hold to make sure it is up to date; for example, by reviewing undeliverable correspondence and emails. We destroy personal information that we no longer require. The ACRS stores its holdings of personal information on a secure computer system in Australia and cloud servers in Australia and the United States of America.Sending information to us by email or through contact formsYou should be aware that unencrypted email messages and web site contact forms are not secure. You should never send confidential personal information such as your credit card numbers by email or through a web site contact form.Access to and correction of your personal informationUnder APP 12 and 13, you are entitled to access any personal information we hold about you. You can also ask us to correct that information if it is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading. You can exercise this entitlement by getting in touch with the contact officer listed below.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this privacy policy or have any concerns about the way we have handled your private information, contact:Ms Claire HoweChief Executive OfficerAustralasian College of Road SafetyTel: (02) 6290 2509ceo@acrs.org.auACRS is proudly supported by