https://acumendatasystems.com/timekeeping-scheduling-software/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
Privacy NoticeEd Squires2020-04-20T22:20:13-04:00
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for AcumenDataSystems.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to fulfill a service request.
Unless you ask us to, we will not contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We do not collect or store we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data) online. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 888-816-0933 or via email at info@acumendatasystems.com.
About Acumen Data SystemsAcumen Data Systems is a leading provider of timekeeping and employee scheduling software and time clock systems, with an emphasis on workforce management and business automation software.
Acumen develops robust and cost effective employee timekeeping solutions, including systems and software for employee time and attendance, scheduling,  facility door access control, job tracking, job costing, and shop floor data collection.
We Are Experts in Timekeeping Software
Ask An ExpertCopyright 2020 Acumen Data Systems
Timekeeping Software Core
Time Clock Software
Employee Scheduling Software
Time Clocks
ClockVIEW EZ
Our Company
About Acumen Data Systems
Partners & Resellers
Privacy Notice
FAQ
Product Reviews
Add On Functionality
Access Control
Field Service
Job Tracking
Data Collection & Progress Tracking
Value Added Services
Systems Integration Services
Timekeeping System Support
Timekeeping System Implementation
Workforce Management Software
Instructional Videos
Time Clock Software Demos
Contact InfoPhone: Toll-Free: 888-816-0933
Intl. Sales 00+1+(413) 737-4800
Fax: 413-737-5544
Email: info@acumendatasystems.com
GET A QUOTE