https://adcbarcode.com/cookies-policy/
Cookies policy
Cookies Policy
You can travel through most of the ADC Barcode website without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request. This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations.  Please read the complete ADC Barcode privacy statement. By using this site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collecting Information about You and Your Company
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you are asked to register before downloading demonstration or trial software, registering for events, subscribing to e-mail newsletters, or when requesting additional information. Personal information collected is normally limited to your name, the name of your organisation and your e-mail address, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you request.
Use of your Personal and Company Information
We use your personal information for these primary purposes:
To help you quickly learn how our solutions can address your specific business issues.
To ensure your requests for more information are acted on promptly and effectively in the manner you choose; and that you don’t need to repeat your specific needs and selection criteria to the person who contacts you.
To help us create and deliver content most relevant to you.
ADC Barcode will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on ADC Barcode or the site; or
Protect and defend the rights or property of ADC Barcode and its website.
Access to your Personal and Company Information
If you provide personal and company information on ADC Barcode via our website, you may obtain access and provide updates to that data by contacting us by e-mail or postal at the addresses listed at the bottom of this statement.
Security of your Personal and Company Information
ADC Barcode strictly protects the security of your personal and company information and honours your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Your personal and company information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained above. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.
Use of Cookies
To ensure we are publishing content you need and want, ADC Barcode uses cookies to distinguish between types of visitors. When you visit the site, a cookie is placed on your machine (if you accept cookies) or is read if you’ve visited the site previously. We do not track individuals’ use of the site.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the ADC Barcode website, you will be able to view the text on the screens; however you will not experience a personalised visit.
Links to Other Web Sites
In some areas, www.adcbarcode.com includes links to other web sites. Note that we do not review the privacy practices of those sites, or guarantee the privacy of information you enter outside of www.adcbarcode.com
Contact Information
ADC Barcode welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us by e-mail info@adcbarcode.com, or postal, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Interesting LinksAbout
Case Studies
Terms & Conditions
Cookies policy
© Copyright – ADC Barcode 2018
Sign up to our Newsletter
Name Email *
Business Address Unit B10/B11 Greenogue Square
Greenogue Business Park
Rathcoole, Co. Dublin
SOCIAL
Scroll to top