https://addaction.net/domain-privacy/
Domain Whois Privacy
In the online world security, privacy and reliability are definitely the most important factors. Most websites are owned by individuals or small businesses and it’s common for domain owners to use their personal information or home address when registering a domain. What most website owners don’t know is that this information is then listed in a public record called The Whois Database. If you registered your domain name using your home address, telephone number or email address you could be in for a surprise.
This lapse in judgment can result in website visitors identifying the owner of a website, obtaining your email address, telephone number, or even worse your actual address. Unfortunately there are a lot of crazy people in this world and publishing this information can lead one of your visitors straight to your front door!
How does this work?
In order to comply with the ICANN, which is the organization that manages domain registrations, you must keep valid information on file for your domain. This stops people from simply listing false information when they register a domain. If you lie about any of the information when registering a domain you can lose it immediately and without warning! This is where Domain Whois Privacy benefits most users. By adding Domain Whois Privacy for only $7.95/year to your domain your contact information is replaced with ours:
AddAction.net
Domains Whois Privacy
domains@itxdesign.com
4 Still Spring Court
Fredericksburg, Virginia 22406
(703)-652-4643
In the event a visitor or user decides to use the Whois Database to view your contact information they would receive the information above. If they use it to contact us we then serve as a barrier between you and them. We would take their information or email and it would be forwarded to you discreetly. You then have the option to contact them or you can simply ignore their request.
What is Domain Privacy Protection
To activate Domain Whois Privacy follow these simple steps:
Login to your client area
https://itxdesign.com/billing/clientarea.php
Click Order under Quick Navigation
Under Categories Select Product Addons
Then Click the Order Now Button under Domain Whois Privacy
Industry leaders in web hosting and domain name registration
AddAction.net is a Web Hosting and Domain Registration provider. We provide shared web hosting, reseller hosting and domain registration for small businesses.