https://adeptia.com/company/terms-service
Skip to main content
Fulltext search
Apply
Terms of Service
IntroductionWelcome to https://adeptia.com. This website is owned and operated by Adeptia, Inc. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide, you understand and agree to accept and adhere to the following terms and conditions as stated in this policy (hereafter referred to as 'User Agreement'), along with the terms and conditions as stated in our Privacy Policy (please refer to the Privacy Policy section below for more information). This agreement is in effect as of Dec 03, 2014. We reserve the right to change this User Agreement from time to time without notice. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this User Agreement periodically to familiarize yourself with any modifications. Your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE AND DO NOT USE ANY ADEPTIA SERVICES.Responsible Use and ConductIn order to use this website, you must be an individual at least 18 years of age, or, if between 13 and 18 years of age, have consent from your parent or guardian. Persons under 13 years of age may not use this website. You must not be barred from receiving products or services under United States law, including residents of countries facing sanctions from the U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control (‘OFAC’). Such countries currently include at least Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria and Sudan; Adeptia, Inc. may not provide services to residents of these countries. By visiting our website and accessing the information, resources, services, products, and tools we provide for you, either directly or indirectly (hereafter referred to as 'Resources'), you agree to use these Resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by (a) the terms of this User Agreement, and (b) applicable laws, regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines. You also agree to provide only information that is accurate, true, current and complete.Wherein, you understand that: a. In order to access our Resources, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself (such as identification, contact details, etc.) as part of the registration process, or as part of your ability to use the Resources. You agree that any information you provide will always be accurate, correct, and up to date. b. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our Resources. Accordingly, you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account/s. c. Accessing (or attempting to access) any of our Resources by any means other than through the means we provide, is strictly prohibited. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of our Resources through any automated, unethical or unconventional means, including but not limited to use of framing, metatags or other hidden text techniques or technologies. d. Engaging in any activity that disrupts or interferes with our Resources, including the servers and/or networks to which our Resources are located or connected, is strictly prohibited. Such activity includes but is not limited to testing, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mail bombing,” “crashing” or submitting viruses to the website or our Resources.e. Attempting to copy, duplicate, reproduce, sell, trade, or resell our Resources is strictly prohibited. This prohibition prevents you from using the website or our Resources to advertise, solicit or otherwise use the website for any commercial, political or religious purpose, or to attempt to compete with Adeptia, Inc., directly or indirectly. This also prevents you from attempting to collect the personal information, statements, data or content of any users of the website, and from hyperlinking to the website without our prior written consent.f. You are solely responsible any consequences, losses, or damages that we may directly or indirectly incur or suffer due to any unauthorized activities conducted by you, as explained above, and may incur criminal or civil liability.g. We may provide various open communication tools on our website, such as blog comments, blog posts, public chat, forums, message boards, newsgroups, product ratings and reviews, various social media services, etc. You understand that generally we do not pre-screen or monitor the content posted by users of these various communication tools, which means that if you choose to use these tools to submit any type of content to our website, then it is your personal responsibility to use these tools in a responsible and ethical manner. By posting information or otherwise using any open communication tools as mentioned, you agree that you will not upload, post, share, or otherwise distribute any content that:i. Is illegal, threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language;ii. Infringes on any trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary right of any party;iii. Contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising;iv. Impersonates any person or entity, including any https://adeptia.com employees or representatives.We have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that, we feel in our judgment does not comply with this User Agreement, along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive, harmful, objectionable, inaccurate, or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks. We are not responsible for any delay or failure in removing such content. If you post content that we choose to remove, you hereby consent to such removal, and consent to waive any claim against us. h. We do not assume any liability for any content posted by you or any other 3rd party users of our website. We do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas of any kind, including, without limitation, ideas or suggestions relating to new or improved products, enhancements, names or technologies, advertising and marketing campaigns, plans or other promotions. However, any content posted by you using any open communication tools on our website, provided that it doesn't violate or infringe on any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks, becomes the property of Adeptia, Inc., and as such, gives us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, publish, publicly display, distribute and otherwise use as we see fit. This only refers and applies to content posted via open communication tools as described, and does not refer to information that is provided as part of the registration process, necessary in order to use our Resources. All information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy.i. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Adeptia, Inc. and its parent company and affiliates, and their directors, officers, managers, employees, donors, agents, and licensors, from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of this User Agreement or the failure to fulfill any obligations relating to your account incurred by you or any other person using your account. We reserve the right to take over the exclusive defense of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this User Agreement. In such event, you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us.Fees and Refundsa.Fees: Some features of the website and Resources may only be accessed and used upon the payment of applicable fees (‘Fees’). Fees may vary depending on your usage in accordance with our current pricing policy, which is subject to change without notice to you. If you do not initially register for a version of the website and Resources that requires the payment of Fees, you will nonetheless be permitted to use all of the features of the website and Resources for up to the number of free connections on Adeptia (non-Hybrid Integration Option) as defined in our current pricing policy. Upon exceeding the allowed number of free connections, we will ask you to supply a credit card to continue adding connections to the product. If you wish to be billed for service, please contact Sales@Adeptia.com.b.Refunds: Our service will be billed in accordance with the usage model defined in our current pricing policy on a non-prorated basis. No refunds will be issued.Ownership and Intellectual Propertya.The content and information on the website and Resources as well as the infrastructure used to provide both is proprietary to Adeptia, Inc. Adeptia, Inc. grants you a limited, personal, nontransferable, nonexclusive, revocable license to access and use the website pursuant to this Agreement and any additional terms and policies Adeptia may in the future set forth. b.All content and materials available on https://adeptia.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, website name, code, images and logos are the intellectual property of Adeptia, Inc., and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works from, publicly display, publicly perform, license, sell or re-sell any data, content, information, software, products or services obtained from or through the website without the express permission of Adeptia, Inc. In addition, you may not make any use that exceeds or violates this Agreement. Any inappropriate use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of any content on this site is strictly prohibited, unless specifically authorized by Adeptia, Inc.PrivacyYour privacy is very important to us, which is why we've created a separate Privacy Policy in order to explain in detail how we collect, manage, process, secure, and store your private information, including the use of “cookies”. Our privacy policy is included under the scope of this User Agreement. To read our privacy policy in its entirety, click here. Limitation of WarrantiesBy using our website, you understand and agree that all Resources we provide are "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE". This means that WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU that:i) the use of our Resources will meet your needs or requirements;ii) the use of our Resources will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or free from errors;iii) the information obtained by using our Resources will be accurate or reliable; andiv) any defects in the operation or functionality of any Resources we provide will be repaired or corrected.Furthermore, you understand and agree that: v) any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of our Resources is done AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, and that YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE for any damage to your computer or other devices for any loss of data that may result from the download of such content;vi) NO INFORMATION OR ADVICE, whether expressed, implied, oral or written, obtained by you from Adeptia, Inc. or through any Resources we provide SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, as set forth in the Disclaimer of Warranty section, below; andvii) the website may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties, and that these links are provided solely as a convenience to you. Adeptia, Inc., expressly disclaims any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such websites or the privacy practices of those websites. We do not endorse or represent any products or services that may be marketed on such websites. If you decide to access websites maintained by third parties, you do so at your own risk.Limitation of Liability IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE LIMITATION OF WARRANTIES AS EXPLAINED IN ABOVE, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM AGAINST ADEPTIA, INC. SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID, IF ANY, FOR USE OF PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES CREATED AND SOLD BY ADEPTIA, INC. ADEPTIA, INC. WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY LOSS OR DAMAGES WHICH YOU MAY INCUR AS A RESULT USING OUR RESOURCES OR WEBSITE, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY CHANGES, DATA LOSS OR CORRUPTION, CANCELLATION, LOSS OF ACCESS OR DOWNTIME TO THE FULL EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY LAWS APPLY.Termination of UseYou agree that we may, at our sole discretion, suspend or terminate your access to all or part of our website and Resources with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of this User Agreement. Any suspected illegal, fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Upon suspension or termination, your right to use the Resources we provide will immediately cease, and we reserve the right to remove or delete any information that you may have on file with us, including any account or login information. Governing Law This website is controlled by Adeptia, Inc. from our offices located in the state of Illinois, USA. It can be accessed by most countries around the world. As each country has laws that may differ from those of Illinois, by accessing our website, you agree that the statutes and laws of Illinois, without regard to the conflict of laws and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website and the purchase of any products or services through this site. Furthermore, any action to enforce this User Agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in Illinois, USA. You hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. Disclaimer of WarrantyUNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSED, ADEPTIA, INC. EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about these our Terms of Service as outlined above, you can contact us at:Adeptia, Inc.343 W Erie Street, Suite 430Chicago, IL 60654website-inquiries@adeptia.comCalifornia ResidentsIf you are a California resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210. Please also refer to our Privacy Policy.MiscellaneousNo waiver by Adeptia, Inc. of any breach, default or failure to exercise any right allowed under this Agreement is a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default or a waiver or forfeiture of any similar or future rights under this Agreement. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall be of no legal force or effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of this Agreement invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions contained in this Agreement, and the remaining portions of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
Stay in Touch
Be the first to know about product updates, press releases and news.
LinkedIn
Vimeo
Facebook
Twitter
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Sitemap
Copyright © 2020 Adeptia, Inc. All rights reserved.