http://affiliatefairplay.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AffiliateFairPlay.com (AFP) takes the privacy of our visitors seriously and adheres to a strict privacy policy. Our privacy policy is outlined below. Our privacy policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality of services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our visitors. You should check this page for any changes or updates to our privacy policy.
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our visitor’s needs.
We employ several features on our site to provide improved interaction, support, information, and services to our visitors. Some of these features include, but are not limited to, our Email Page feature, Newsletter, and Feedback Submission. With all of our Site Features, we only collect the minimal amount of information required to provide the service or feature. The information you voluntarily provide is used only to provide the feature and/or service as described on our web site. AFP does not sell, lease or share any information connected with an email address provided by our visitors.
Similar to other web sites, AFP utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and web server logs to collect information about how our web site is used and performs and to provide some features of our site. Information gathered through our cookies and web server logs may include, but is not limited to, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our web site, and the web sites visited just before this web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis and does not contain personally identifiable information such as your name, address, phone number or email address. AFP uses such aggregate information only for internal purposes for the functioning of our web site and providing services to our visitors.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities and providing customer service.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a web site. Cookies are small text files that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages. Cookies make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use cookies and web server logs to gather information about our web site users’ browsing activities in order to constantly improve our web site and better serve our customers. Cookies are essential to some of our web site’s activities. In other instances, cookies allow for a more personalized and streamlined use of our site. We only use cookies for the sole purpose of carrying out the functions and services of our web site. We do not share or sell information related to cookies used on our web site to any third parties.
Sharing Information with Partners
From time to time you may notice offers from outside companies advertised on our Web site. We take measures to select product or service partners that are responsible and afford privacy protections to their customers. However, we cannot make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies. We encourage our visitors to carefully read and judge each individual web site’s privacy policies. Additionally we do not share any personally identifiable information provided to AFP by our visitors to our partners without your expressed permission.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
It is our strict policy not to sell, share or divulge the personal information of our visitors except to the extent is necessary to provide the necessary services they have requested.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We will divulge personal information as required by governing law or in instances where criminal action has occurred to the extent as required by law enforcement.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our web site.
It's only fair to share...
Comments are closed
Affiliate Marketing Resources
Adware Information
Affiliates
What Is Cookie Stuffing?
How Can Adware Impact Your Web Site and Revenue?
Impact of Contextual Advertising Adware in Affiliate Marketing: A Case Study
Merchant And Adware Partnerships
Prevalence of Forced Clicks on Coupon Sites
Understanding Loyaltyware
Merchants
What Is Cookie Stuffing?
How Can Adware Impact Your Web Site and Revenue?
Impact of Contextual Advertising Adware in Affiliate Marketing: A Case Study
Prevalence of Forced Clicks on Coupon Sites
Understanding Loyaltyware
Adware Reports
Tips For Using Our Adware Affiliate Reports
CouponMate.com
DealAlert By PocketDeal
Slick Savings
Companies
AffPlaybook By David Ford
Spigot Inc
Articles
What Is Cookie Stuffing?
How Can Adware Impact Your Web Site and Revenue?
Impact of Contextual Advertising Adware in Affiliate Marketing: A Case Study
Prevalence of Forced Clicks on Coupon Sites
Legal Cases In Affiliate Marketing
Shawn Hogan Pleads Guilty To Cookie Stuffing Charges
Video Tutorials
Understanding Loyaltyware
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
Submit
Awards
News
Adware
Affiliate Marketing
AFP Podcasts
AFP Testing Highlights
Compliance
Editorial
Just For Laughs
Legal Issues
Misc
Spyware
Uncategorized