https://agencysystems.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Why Us?
Why Us?
Why Switch?
Training and Transition
About Us
Newton Features
Web Portal
Newton in the Cloud
Release Notes
Blog
Support
Support
Newton Wiki
Contact Us
Policy Statement regarding Privacy
Matrix Software, Inc. (Matrix) is committed to maintaining the privacy of the non-public personal information of our clients.
This Privacy Statement describes the methods we employ to ensure that if any non-public data we have come into contact with is protected by our staff. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement as changes in the law may require.
Matrix Software, Inc. does not, in the normal course of business, have cause to access your data. Our role as your software provider is to help you with questions as they may arise. Of course, during the course of answering questions, it may be necessary to view client information on your behalf.
If required to do so, we will provide for you, a non-disclosure confidentiality agreement, executed for your protection and for you to keep on file.
Except in the case of an internal server move, there is not a reason to transfer your data from your server to another. If that ever was necessary, that data will be protected and never shared with a third party.
However, if a circumstance arises, and you require Matrix assist you, and if we utilize third parties to fulfill such request, you are thereby authorizing Matrix to release any information to such third parties Matrix believes is necessary to satisfy your request.
For your protection:
Matrix mandates persons or third parties who provide services on our behalf to keep your customer information confidential, and to use it only to provide the services we’ve asked them to perform.
Matrix will use all reasonable security measures in order to maintain the confidentiality of Customer Information.
Matrix will use reasonable security measures required by state and/or federal law (to the extent it is applicable to insure the security and confidentiality of your information, to protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of your information, and to protect against unauthorized access to or use of your information, that could result in substantial harm to any client.