https://aikosolutions.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Aiko Solutions
Privacy Policy
EULA
Terms and Conditions
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Aiko Solutions website and reviewing our privacy policy.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit except browsing through the website, reading pages, or downloading information or software, we will gather and store some information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and IP address from which you access our website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
The referring site – the site where you came from.
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors – to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about you or your visit.
Collection of Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an e-mail to our sales or support team, we use that information to respond to your message only. We do not collect personal information for any other purposes. The information you provide is not given to any third parties. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Customer Service Correspondence
If you send us correspondence, including e-mails and faxes, we retain such information in our customer database. We will also retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from Aiko Solutions to you. We keep these records in order to measure and improve our customer care service, and to investigate potential fraud and violations of our End User License Agreement, as well as to keep the registration keys for the software you have purchased from us. We may, over time, delete these records if permitted by law.
Questionnaires, Surveys and Profile Data
From time to time, we offer optional questionnaires and customer surveys for the purpose of providing better customer service, improving our products as well as define the best support practices. The use of the information collected will be explained in detail in the survey itself. If we collect personally identifiable information from our users in these questionnaires and surveys, the users will be given notice of how the information will be used prior to their participation in the survey or questionnaire.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell nor distribute your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to your personal records. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or your dealings with Aiko Solutions, please, contact us at info@aikosolutions.com.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Try for 30 daysDownload SecuBox
Download SecuWipe
Volume licensing
Get a quote
Technical questions
Ask a question
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy