https://aikosolutions.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
Aiko Solutions
Privacy Policy
EULA
Terms and Conditions
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Aiko Solutions website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms and Conditions, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Aiko Solutions’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term “Aiko Solutions” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
You acknowledge that the Site contains information, software, photographs, audio and video clips, graphics, links and other material (collectively, the “Content”) that are protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights of Aiko Solutions or third parties. All Content on the Site is copyrighted as a collective work of Aiko Solutions pursuant to applicable copyright law(s). You agree to comply with any additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content available on or accessed through the Site. Users of the Site may use the Content only for their personal, non-commercial use. You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part, except as expressly permitted in this Agreement. Content consisting of downloadable software may not be reverse engineered unless specifically authorized by the owner of the software’s patent and/or copyright. IN NO EVENT SHALL AIKO SOLUTIONS AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTS, PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THIS SERVER.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may create a link to this website from another website or document without Aiko Solutions’s prior written consent.
Try for 30 daysDownload SecuBox
Download SecuWipe
Volume licensing
Get a quote
Technical questions
Ask a question
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy