https://alliancesi.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of Data Cable Installation and Remote Hands Experts | Alliance SI
We build the most dependable
network infrastructure solutions
1300 139 975
Home
About
Team
Process
Solutions
Solutions
Services
SD-WAN
Network Rollouts
Project Management
24/7 Remote Hands
Structured Cabling
Electrical Infrastructure
Applications
Data Centre Cabling
ICT Migration
Wi-Fi
Electrical Service and Maintenance
Sectors
Partners
Vendor Partners
AFL
Cisco Systems
Codecom
CommScope
Corning
Huawei
Molex
Panduit
R&M Australia
Siemon
Warren & Brown Technologies
Insights
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Updated 4th February 2020
1. Introduction
Alliance SI provides resources and services to people interested in data cable installation. The privacy and security of our audience and clients are of paramount importance, so we’re committed to protecting the data you share with us. This privacy policy explains how Alliance SI processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (‘personal data’) collected through the use of our website and services.
For the purposes of this policy, the term ‘visitor’ will be used to encompass all types of people interacting with Alliance SI, including site visitors, clients and customers.
Any information stored by Alliance SI is treated as confidential. All information is secured and accessed only by authorised personnel, with appropriate security measures in place to protect against breach or loss.
2. Collection and use
2.1 Email and personal details
If you are a visitor to our website, you may be offered various downloads, offers or services. Should you choose to access a part of Alliance SI that is not freely available, e.g. a lead-gen offer or paid product, you will be asked to provide your email address and agree to receive ongoing (relevant) communications. If you do not grant the requested consent, accessing the special offers may not be possible.
Depending on which offer you are accessing, your data will be processed in one or more of the following ways:
Added to the Alliance SI email marketing list on MailChimp, who themselves adhere to privacy laws with strong security. When you open or click links in our emails, your action will be automatically noted so that Alliance SI can serve you better.
At no time are credit card details processed by Alliance SI itself, nor are they stored on the Alliance SI host server.
2.2 Cookies
Cookies are temporary, small pieces of information sent to a visitor’s hard disk. They can’t run programs or deliver viruses, nor can they track your behaviour in alarming ways. The Facebook Pixel and Google Analytics are both cookies used by Alliance SI, exclusively for the purpose of tracking which pages on the Alliance SI website you have visited and for how long. These types of cookies are used by Alliance SI to ensure we deliver content our visitors enjoy and find useful, as well as to create effective marketing campaigns.
If you are on Facebook or Instagram, they may result in you being shown our ads.
Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the ‘Help’ section of the toolbar.
2.3 Links to other sites
Please be aware that when we link to other sites outside Alliance SI, they are outside our sphere of influence. We cannot be held responsible for their content, nor their privacy policies.
2.4 Right to review and update
If you wish to inquire about your personal data held by Alliance SI, please contact us.
3. Retention and deletion
3.1 Automated unsubscribe
At the bottom of every email sent by Alliance SI, you will see an ‘unsubscribe’ link. This instantly stops all automated communications to you from Alliance SI, including support for paid products and services.
3.2 Manual unsubscribe
If you are a client of Alliance SI and we have a working relationship, hitting unsubscribe does not cease communications, particularly if we are mid-project. These are normal professional communications and will cease at the completion of the project.
3.3 Right to be forgotten
You have the right to request ALL your data is stripped of personal identifiers. As a general subscriber, this means you’d be deleted from the list.
4. Information from children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. Our offerings are generally not designed for or directed to children and are only for use by individuals who are 18 years and older. On our website, we do not collect personal data from any person we actually know is under the age of 18. In the online space particularly, parents or guardians are urged to participate in their children’s exploration of the Internet and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online.
5. Acceptance of these conditions
We have the right to assume all visitors have carefully read this policy, particularly when they are explicitly agreeing to its terms. If someone does not agree with this policy, they should refrain from using our website or offers. We have the right to update our privacy policy as necessary, and this will be reflected with versioning details as per the top of this policy.
6. Sharing of personal information
At no time other than disclosed above (for required processing) will we share your data. This includes selling or renting it to third parties.
7. Our legal obligation to disclose personal information
We will reveal a visitor’s personal information without their permission only when we are required to do so by law.
8. Further information or action
If you have questions regarding Alliance SI’s privacy policy, then please contact us.
Alliance SI Insights
Top six ways to recover from a data centre disaster
Life is full of ups and downs. There are many unpredictable factors that businesses must face with adaptability, resilience and focus. So when disaster strikes, having a reliable disaster recovery plan can mean the difference between preserving data and suffering system downtime.
LEARN MORE
Alliance SI’s guide to N, N+1, 2N and 2N+1 redundancy
One of the most important aspects of data centre infrastructure is evaluating the capabilities of your facility. This is especially true for data centre redundancy. Redundancy is a major point of emphasis for data centres because a component failure can have serious consequences. When systems fail, data and services are no longer available to the businesses and customers that rely upon them.
LEARN MORE
Top 5 things you need to know about data centre networking
Data centre networking can be an overwhelming topic for anyone who isn’t used to managing a data centre network. As the network infrastructure experts, we break down the top five things you need to know about data centre networking and how we can help you lay the foundation for a secure, resilient and dependable data centre.
LEARN MORE
Contact Alliance SI
for more information
About
Team
Process
Insights
Careers
Network Rollouts
24/7 Remote Hands
Data Centre Cabling
ICT Migration
Vendor Partners
Applications
Services
Sectors
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
1300 139 975
SYDNEY
+61 2 9907 9333
Suite 301/407 Pacific Highway
Artarmon NSW 2064
Electrical Licence No: EC18234
MELBOURNE
+61 3 9545 6677
Unit 8, 15 Howleys Road
Notting Hill VIC 3168
Electrical Licence No: REC 12356
BRISBANE
+61 7 3219 2388
Unit 11, 140 Wecker Road
Mansfield QLD 4122
Electrical Licence No: 52251
© Copyright
Alliance SI 2020. All rights reserved. Website by Brilliant Digital.