http://alocore.com/privacy-policy/
Schedule a Free Consultation
(314) 849-8990
Email Us
Toggle navigation
Site Menu
HomeProductsCase StudiesAbout AlocoreContact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for alocore.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Information We Collect
We may ask you to provide Personal Information when you
Use our websites;
Request quotes, services, support, downloads, trials, whitepapers or information;
Place orders for products or services or register for events or webinars;
Apply for a credit card or financing;
Participate in surveys, sweepstakes or other promotional activities online or in any other venue;
Subscribe to newsletters, Alocore programs, promotional emails or other materials;
Apply for a job, submit your resume/CV or create a candidate profile; or
Contact us.
Personal Information we request may include your email address, name, home address and telephone number. If you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information. We may also ask for your Social Security number and other data to process your credit or financing request. Job applicants may be asked to provide information such as educational background, employment experience and job interest, and such information can be recorded and processed in different countries. We may also collect demographic information, such as your business or company information, age, gender, interests, and preferences. Forms that you choose to complete will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.
We may collect information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and advertisements you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with Alocore websites and services. We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.
How We Use Personal Information
Alocore uses your Personal Information to:
Deliver the services and support or carry out the transactions you have requested;
Send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transaction status including order confirmations, information about particular Alocore programs in which you have chosen to participate, information about products and services available from Alocore and its subsidiaries, promotional offers and surveys;
Facilitate communications from Alocore Business Partners;
Customize, analyze and improve our products, services (including the content and advertisements on our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you;
Enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you;
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
Protect the security or integrity of our website(s), our business(es), or our products or services; or
Otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.
Personal Information collected may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Alocore or its subsidiaries or Business Partners maintain facilities.
Disclosing Personal Information
We may share your Personal Information with subsidiaries or Business Partners to carry out transactions you request, or to make our business or that of our subsidiaries more responsive to your needs, which includes our subsidiaries providing you with information about Alocore, and Alocore-branded products and services. These communications may include requests relating to Alocore and Alocore-branded products or services or offers. We will only share your Personal Information with Business Partners who agree to protect your Personal Information and use it solely for the purposes set forth by Alocore.
In addition, Alocore may share your Personal Information with participants in our sales and marketing chain, including but not limited to retailers, resellers, distributors, integrators, order fulfillers and some sales agents (“Channel Partners”), for the limited purposes of selling, marketing or providing support for Alocore products and services.
We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; if Alocore (or a part of Alocore) is sold or merges with another company; or if Alocore reasonably believes it is necessary to protect Alocore, its customers or the public.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent.
Targeted Email Marketing by Alocore
Some marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be personalized based on your visits to Alocore.com and your browsing and purchase history. In addition, when you click on some links in email marketing you receive, our email service provider may place a cookie on your browser. This type of cookie would be linked to your email address or IP address and used to gather information about the products and services you view and purchase on Alocore.com. Information gathered may be used to personalize and customize future email marketing messages you receive. You may opt out of this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every personalized email marketing message you receive.
Alocore Systems additionally uses Mailchimp for follow up email marketing whose legal terms and policies can be read at http://mailchimp.com/legal/ or http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 314-849-8990 or via email.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or:
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
And/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Google
Alocore Systems Inc. uses Google Analytics http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html Which is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of www.example.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA. Find Google’s privacy policy here.
Additionally, see Google’s Privacy policy at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Disclaimers
We and our Team aren’t responsible for the behavior of any advertisers, linked websites, or other Members.
Notice to U.S. Government End Users
The Software and Website, including all documentation, are “Commercial Items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, and consist of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation.” The Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are licensed to U.S. Government end users:
only as Commercial Items,
with the same rights as all other end users, and
according to the Terms
Published and Unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. Manufacturer is Alocore Systems, Inc. 5117 Suson Way Court, St. Louis, MO 63128.
Notice to U.S. Government End Users
This part will matter to you if you’re affiliated with the U.S. government.
U.S. Export Controls
The software that supports the Services (the “Software”) is subject to United States export controls. None of the Software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of United States export laws. You’re downloading and using the Software at your own risk.
Export Controls
Export laws are set up by the government to keep certain goods and services from reaching other countries, usually because of security concerns or trade agreements.
COMPLIANCE
Safe Harbor Certification
Alocore Systems, Inc. complies with the U.S.–E.U. and U.S.–Swiss Safe Harbor Framework, which is overseen by the U.S. Department of Commerce and covers the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We certify that we follow the principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. In light of a recent European Court of Justice ruling users may request an updated data processing agreement which incorporates the Standard Contractual Clauses here.
Registered Trademarks and Service Marks
Any trademarks, logos, and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the site are the property of Alocore Systems Inc. Users are prohibited from using any Marks without the written permission of Alocore Systems Inc. which may own the Marks.
Entire Agreement
These Terms, our Privacy Policy, Acceptable Use Policy, API Guidelines (all of which are incorporated into these Terms by reference), and any Additional Terms you’ve agreed to make up the entire agreement and supersede all prior agreements, representations, and understandings.
Congratulations! You’ve reached the end. Thanks for taking the time to learn about Alocore Systems policies.
FREE ROI SheetRequest a free ROI sheet to see how WebSTS can save you time and money.
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Phone
City
State
Country
Privacy Policy
Alocore © 2020.
All Rights Reserved.
Built in St. Louis by Clicked Studios Web Design Company
Alocore Systems, Inc.
5117 Suson Way Court
St. Louis, MO 63128
Phone: 314-849-8990
Fax: 314-849-8977
info@alocore.com