http://altercube.com/privacyandcookies.php
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
What Personal Information does AlterCube collect?
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. Hosting/Domain issues, service request, invoicing, payment etc.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email by MailChimp or an formal email from one of our staff members, in the future to tell you about news about company, specials, new products or services, service outages, maintenance windows or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct or Delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
What happens to my data or information when I cancel or no longer need your service?
Once your service or contract is up then all of your data is deleted from our computer/servers. We actually do not keep any payment information on file. We ask for payment info each time you renew your service. Once the payment is processed then
that information is deleted. Any passwords, logins, .etc that is given for use to build a website is also deleted when have completed the project. We only keep information ( social media accounts, hosting accounts info, advertising logins, etc) if we are managing or providing services that require us to login into any accounts on your behalf.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. AlterCube uses cookies to help AlterCube identify and track visitors, and their usage of AlterCube website. AlterCube visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using AlterCube’s website, with the drawback that certain features of AlterCube’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, however, you may delete, or disable cookies by following the instructions at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. Please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you disable cookies. Our website uses cookies to keep you logged in, so disabling cookies may impair your experience of the service.
Further information about cookies can be found on the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s website www.allaboutcookies.org.
What about privacy on sites that AlterCube links to?
AlterCube may provide links to its partners and other Internet sites. These sites have separate data and privacy practices independent of AlterCube, and AlterCube disclaims any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at www.altercube.com/#contact
Copyright © 1996-2020, All Rights Reserved, AlterCube
Privacy and Cookie Policy