https://altum.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Revised 6/6/2020
Revised 2/11/2020
Altum, Inc. (“Altum” “we,” “our,” or “us”) Privacy Statement – Highlights
Here at Altum we know how much you value privacy, and we realize that you care about what happens to the information you provide to us through our website and in other ways, such as email or telephone (our “Systems”). We have provided highlights below regarding how we collect, use, and share your information. Click here to see our full Privacy Statement.
Altum also complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EU to the United States. Read more about how Altum complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework here.
What Information Does Altum Collect?
We collect the following types of information:
Information you provide to us when you contact us or interact with our Systems, such as your contact information, product preferences, or other information you provide.
Information that you provide when purchasing our products or services, such as your payment card information.
Information you provide when registering on our Systems, creating a profile, or submitting, managing, or reviewing a grant application, such as: organization affiliations, contact information, research interests and expertise, along with sensitive personal data such as race, gender, ethnicity, social security number, and passport number. In most cases, you can choose not to provide these more sensitive information categories.
Information you provide to us when applying for a job at Altum, such as your name, contact information, employment history, and other information;
Technical information that is automatically collected when you visit our Systems, such as information about your computer, how you use our Systems, or cookie information;
Information about you that we receive from affiliates and other third party sources such as other users of our Systems and web analytics providers
Read more about the information we collect.
How Does Altum Use My Information?
We use your information for the following purposes:
Responding to your inquiries or comments, providing requested demonstrations of our products and services, or contacting you as necessary;
Providing the services and content you request, such as technical and other support;
Aggregating information about you, the grants you apply for or obtain, and your other activities;
Establishing and verifying the identity and eligibility of users;
Opening, maintaining, administering, managing, and servicing user profiles, accounts or memberships;
Processing, servicing or enforcing transactions (including credit or debit card transactions);
Providing users with updates about our services and company;
Analyzing and improving our products, services, or Systems (including providing customer service to our grant funding customers; developing new products and services; improving safety; managing our communications; performing market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Conforming to legal requirements or industry standards; complying with legal processes (such as national security or law enforcement requirements); detecting and preventing fraud or misuse; maintaining the security and integrity of our Systems (including maintaining internal records); defending our legal rights; or protecting others;
As part of a merger, acquisition, transfer, sale, corporate change, bankruptcy, or any other transaction involving all or a portion of Altum’s assets;
Conducting and communicating with you about special events, sweepstakes, surveys, programs, contests, and other offers;
Marketing and advertising products or services of Altum as well as third parties (such as affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners); and
Other purposes, with your consent.
Read more about how we use your information.
How Does Altum Share My Information?
We may share aggregated data, which does not identify you directly, with third parties for any purpose, including marketing. However, we will only share your personal data that specifically identifies you as follows:
If you use our products and services to apply for or receive a grant, review a grant, or administer a grant, we will share information about you with the customers of Altum’s grant management products, such as proposalCENTRAL, Easygrants, and PhilanTrack. When you interact with a grant funder, some or all of your profile data (in addition to any information that you provide in connection with the grant) is provided to the funder at that time and may also be provided later. Interactions with the funder can include, but are not limited to, starting an application, receiving an award, being included as a contact on an application or award, or being added as a contact, reviewer or administrator by the funder. We may also share your information with any co-applicants and applicant organizations in support of the grant application, review, approval, and grantee reporting process. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those customers, co-applicants, and applicant organizations;
With third party service providers or business partners to help us with our business functions;
If necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our users, or employees, or when required by law;
If the ownership or control of Altum or some or all of its assets changes (including through merger, acquisition, transfer, sale, corporate change, bankruptcy or any other transaction involving all or a portion of Altum’s assets), we may transfer your information to the new owner; and
With your consent.
We will not sell your personal data to third parties for the third parties’ own purposes, including for their own marketing purposes.
Read more about how we share your information.
Altum Privacy Statement—Full Statement
Altum, Inc. (“Altum,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we collect about and from individuals who visit our website or otherwise communicate with us (collectively, “you”). This Privacy Statement also describes how we use the information, with whom we share it, the choices available to you regarding our use of the information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
To What Information Does This Privacy Statement Apply?
What Information Does Altum Collect?
How Does Altum Use My Information?
How Does Altum Share My Information?
Is My Information Secure?
Does Altum Collect Information From Children?
What about International Transfers?
What Choices Do I Have?
How Can I Contact Altum?
1. To What Information Does This Privacy Statement Apply?
This Privacy Statement applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of information from and about you by Altum based on your interactions with us through our website (www.wordpress-306717-1277533.cloudwaysapps.com), in connection with our grant management products, such asproposalCENTRAL, Philantrack, and Easygrants, through telephone, email, events and other sources, and from third parties (collectively, our “Systems”).
This Privacy Statement does not apply to third party websites that may be accessible through hyperlinks on our Systems, which have their own privacy statements. Linking to a third party site does not mean that we endorse the site, any products or services described on the site, or any other material contained in that site. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the sites’ content, any use of the sites, or the privacy practices of the sites. Please review the privacy statement on those other websites to see how they handle your information.We may update or modify this Privacy Statement from time to time at our sole discretion, and we will note the date of last update on the top of this page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed, as your continued use of our Systems following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to such changes.
2. What Information Does Altum Collect?
We may obtain information about you from various sources. We may collect this information when you provide it directly through our website, telephone or email communications, or at one of our events. We may also collect information about you from third parties, such as grant funders. When you use our Systems, we may also collect certain information about your device or usage by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, and web beacons.
Information that You or Others Provide
You may choose to provide information to us in a number of ways, such as when you register on our Systems to apply for or administer a grant, when you contact us, or when you otherwise interact on or utilize our Systems. The types of information you may provide to us include:
Information you provide to us when you contact us or interact with our Website, such as your contact information, product preferences, or other information you provide.
Information that you provide when purchasing our products or services, such as your payment card information.
Information you provide when registering on our Website, creating a profile, or submitting, managing, or reviewing a grant application, such as: organization affiliations, contact information, research interests and expertise, along with sensitive personal data such as race, gender, ethnicity, social security number, and passport number. In most cases, you can choose not to provide these more sensitive information categories.
Information you provide to us when applying for a job at Altum, such as your name, contact information, employment history, and other information;
Technical information that is automatically collected when you visit our website, such as information about your computer, how you use our Systems, or cookie information;
Information about you that we receive from affiliates and other third party sources such as other users of our Systems and web analytics providers.
Please note that Altum’s grants management products accommodate a wide range of grant application, review and award management processes that enable grant makers to receive their applications online, conduct their review process electronically and manage awarded projects and communications with applicants, grantees and reviewers more efficiently. As part of these services, Altum permits the creation of “profiles” for grant applicants, grant reviewers, and others. Such profiles may be created by you directly or by third parties (such as grant funders). You can always change or enrich the content of any profile about you that is stored by Altum, but we do not control how third parties that you choose to provide profile information to (such as grant funders) use, disclose, or modify that information.
If you provide us with information regarding another individual, we will assume that you have that person’s consent to give us his or her information. In addition, we may collect information about you that is provided to us by other users of our Systems and other third parties, such as web analytics providers.
Information Collected Automatically
When you visit our Systems or our online advertisements, utilize our services, open an email that we send you, or interact with the communication features on our Systems, we may collect information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. Some of the technologies we use to collect information automatically include the following:
Cookies: Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. We may use cookies that are managed by Altum or by third parties for the purposes provided in this Privacy Statement, including for session management, authentication, user preference storage, Systems performance and personalization, Systems analytics, advertising (including affiliate marketing), content management, eCommerce, search, and social media integration.
Web server logs: In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log details regarding your device, operating system, IP address, or information about your usage of our Systems.
Web beacons & pixels: We may place tags on our Systems or in emails called “web beacons” or “pixels.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. Web beacons and pixels can be used to track the pages you view, links that you click, or other online behavior. These tools have a number of uses, such as measuring the effectiveness of our email campaigns and online advertisements (both on our Systems and on third party websites).
These technologies may permit collection of information such as demographic data, browser type, MAC address and other device information, operating system type and settings, domain, the address of the web page that linked you to our website, IP address, pages visited, whether you have visited us before or are new to the website, activities conducted on the page (such as search queries), and the day and time of your visit.
At this time, we do not honor “do not track” signals from website browsers. However, you may refuse or delete cookies. If you do so, some of the functionality of our website may be impaired. Additionally, you may still be identifiable and your usage may still be trackable by other means. Please refer to your browser “Help” instructions to learn more about how to manage cookies and the use of similar technologies.
3. How Does Altum Use My Information?
We use your information for the following purposes:
Responding to your inquiries or comments, providing requested demonstrations of our products and services, or contacting you as necessary;
Providing the services and content you request, including technical and other support;
Aggregating information about you, the grants you apply for or obtain, and your other activities;
Establishing and verifying the identity and eligibility of users;
Opening, maintaining, administering, managing, and servicing user profiles, accounts or memberships;
Processing, servicing or enforcing transactions (including credit or debit card transactions);
Providing users with updates about our services and company;
Analyzing and improving our products, services, or Systems (including providing customer service to our grant funding customers; developing new products and services; improving safety; managing our communications; performing market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
Conforming to legal requirements or industry standards; complying with legal process (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements); detecting and preventing fraud or misuse; maintaining the security and integrity of our Systems (including maintaining internal records); defending our legal rights, or protecting others;
As part of a merger, acquisition, transfer, sale, corporate change, bankruptcy, or any other transaction involving all or a portion of Altum’s assets;
Conducting special events, sweepstakes, surveys, programs, contests, and other offers (and communicating with you about such events);
Marketing and advertising our products or services as well as products and services of third parties (such as affiliates, subsidiaries, and business partners); and
Other purposes, with your consent.
4. How Does Altum Share My Information?
We may share aggregated data about you that does not identify you directly with third parties for any purpose, including marketing. However, we will only share your personal information that specifically identifies you as follows:
If you use our products and services to apply for or receive a grant, review a grant, or administer a grant, we will share information about you and any other information you provide to us with Altum’s funder customers that use our products (such as proposalCENTRAL, Easygrants, and PhilanTrack). We may also share your information with any co-applicants and applicant organizations in support of the application, review, approval, and grantee reporting process. Our grants management customers control all such information, including decisions to further transfer such information to other third parties, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those customers, co-applicants, and applicant organizations who receive your information;
We may disclose your information to affiliated and non-affiliated third parties who help us with our business functions, such as service providers, suppliers, and business partners. Such third parties are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of service providers include entities that process credit card and other types of payments, entities that provide web hosting or analytics services, and professional advisors;
We may contract with third-party advertising networks that collect technical information about you, such as IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs, and web beacons on our Systems and emails; on third-party websites and emails; and on our advertising placed on third-party websites. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests (including for companies not affiliated with us). You may see these advertisements on other websites.
We may share your information if necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of us, our customers, or employees, or when otherwise required by law;
We may share your information with your consent in certain circumstances; and
We reserve the right to transfer your information in the event we sell, transfer, or engage in another transaction involving all or a portion of our business or assets, or undertake another form of corporate change, including bankruptcy.
5. Is My Information Secure?
Altum will take reasonable precautions to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the Internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception.
6. Does Altum Collect Information From Children?
Altum does not intentionally collect information from children under 13 years of age, and children under age 13 should not submit any information to us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with information without parental consent, or a parent or guardian of a child contacts us through the contact information provided below, we will use reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our databases.
7. What about International Transfers?
By using the website or providing Personal Data to Altum, your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States where Altum is headquartered. If you are not a resident of the United States, your country’s laws governing data collection and use may differ from those in the United States. For example, the data protection laws of the United States have not been found by the European Commission to provide the same level of protection as EU data protection law. Some of the third parties with whom we share your Personal Data are also located in third countries that do not provide the same level of protection to your Personal Data. Please contact privacy@wordpress-306717-1277533.cloudwaysapps.com if you want to receive further information or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Altum complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data (as defined by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)) transferred from the European Union to the United States. Altum has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. Our Privacy Shield certification applies to all U.S. entities and subsidiaries covered in our Privacy Shield certification record, accessible here. Altum and its controlled U.S. subsidiaries subject to the Privacy Shield Principles hold, process or transfer all Personal Data received from the EU in reliance on the Privacy Shield. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. Altum is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
If you are in the EU, you have the right to access the Personal Data about you that we possess as a Controller within the meaning of the GDPR, and you may direct us to correct, amend or delete that information where it is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, as appropriate, in accordance with the Access Principle. Altum may limit or deny access consistent with the Privacy Shield Principles. In cases where we are acting as a Processor within the meaning of GDPR, we will assist our customers in responding o the Access Principle.
You also have the choice as to whether your EU Personal Data is to be disclosed to a third party (“opt-out”) other than to agents, who are acting under our instructions pursuant to contract. We also offer those individuals whose Personal Data is transferred to the US under the Privacy Shield Principles the opportunity to opt-out if we provide notice that we intend to use your EU Personal Data for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or authorized by you. You may opt-out by sending an email to: privacy@wordpress-306717-1277533.cloudwaysapps.com. If opting-out, please provide, at a minimum, your name and identify the uses or disclosures of EU Personal Data by Altum from which you are choosing to opt-out. With regard to Sensitive Data (i.e., personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual), when we act as a Controller, we will obtain affirmative express consent (opt-in) if Sensitive Data is to be disclosed to a third party or is to be used for a purpose other than that for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you through the exercise of opt-in choice, unless the EU Personal Data in question is subject to an exception contained in the Sensitive Data Supplemental Principle. In cases where we are acting as a Processor, we will assist our Customer in complying with the Choice Principle.
When we receive written complaints submitted as instructed above, we will follow up with the person who made the claim. If you have a complaint or concern, please contact us and we will attempt to resolve it. If we are unable to do so, we have committed to cooperate with the panel established by the European Union data protection authorities (“DPAs”) to address unresolved Privacy Shield disputes, and comply with the advice given by the panel with regard to data transferred from the EU. The website for submitting complaints which have not been resolved directly by Altum can be found here. In certain circumstances, individuals covered by the Privacy Shield may seek binding arbitration for limited types of claims. For additional information about the Privacy Shield arbitration process, please visit the Privacy Shield website at Privacy Shield Arbitration.
If a third-party service provider providing services to Altum processes Personal Data from the EU that is subject to the Privacy Shield in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, Altum will be liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damages.
8. What Choices Do I Have?
We want to communicate with you about our products and services and make content available to you, but only in the ways that you agree to hear from us. You may “opt-out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters, special offers or discounts, or other marketing communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email or other communication you receive from us. After doing so, you will not receive future promotional emails unless you open a new account, enter a contest, or sign up to receive newsletters or emails. You may also continue to receive non-marketing communications about your account or purchases that you have made. Please allow up to 2 weeks to process your request.
We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide the products and services described in this Privacy Statement, as required by law, and for our internal business purposes. If you would like for us to delete your data, you may contact us using the information below, and we will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.
9. How Can I Contact Altum?
Altum is committed to working with you to obtain a fair and rapid resolution of any queries, complaints, or disputes about privacy. If you have submitted information to Altum and you would like to have it deleted from our databases or corrected, or if you have any other questions or comments regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Global Data Protection Officer
ALTUM, Inc.1801 Robert Fulton Dr., Suite 450Reston, VA 20191+1-703-657-82991-877-GO-ALTUM
or by e-mail: privacy@wordpress-306717-1277533.cloudwaysapps.com
Effective Date: 2/11/2020