http://amphionweb.com/wp/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern AMPHION Communications’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.The term AMPHION communications or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 1534 SW 7th Ave. Pompano Beach FL 33060 USA. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:Purpose, changes: The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.Cookies: This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties.Guarantees: Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Liability: Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements. Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence which cannot be excluded or under the law of the United States of America.Licenses: This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.Trademarks: All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.Law and Jurisdiction: Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the State of Florida and the United States of America.Website Access: It is not necessary to register with us in order to use most parts of this Website. However, particular areas of this Website will only be accessible only if you have registered.Use of Website: This Website may be used for your own private purposes and in accordance with these terms of use. You may print and download material from this Website provided that you do not modify or reproduce any content without our prior written consent.Site Uptime: All reasonable measures are taken by us to ensure that this Website is operational all day, every day. However, occasionally technical issues may result in some downtime and accordingly we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time. Where possible we always try to give advance warning of maintenance issues that may result in Website down time but we shall not be obliged to provide such notice.Visitor Provided Material: Any material that a visitor to this Website sends or posts to this Website shall be considered non-proprietary and non confidential. We shall be entitled to copy, disclose, distribute or use for such other purpose as we deem appropriate all material provided to us, with the exception of personal information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy. When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this Website any material for which you have not obtained all necessary consents; that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to US laws; which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this website in breach of these Terms and Conditions.Links to and from other websites:Throughout this Website you may find links to third party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website. If you visit any website via a link on this Website you do so at your own risk.Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the following conditions below are observed: you do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing; you do not misrepresent your relationship with this website; and the website from which you link to this Website does not contain offensive or otherwise controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.By linking to this Website in breach of the previous clause you shall indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered to this Website as a result of such linking.Posting Comments:Our Rights:Comments are expected to be related to the matter of the posting.We retain the right and sole discretion (but not the obligation) to edit, delete, reject or remove any comment which you post or seek to post in the comments areas.You grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide licence to reproduce and deal with any material you submit to us by all means whatsoever (including, without limitation, in print and electronic format).We retain the right and discretion to terminate your access to the comments areas if we believe you are abusing the services in any way, or have breached these terms and conditions.You consent to our collecting and storing your IP address for security purposes.Your obligations: You will not post any material in the comments areas:Which is not original work in which you own the copyright, or which in any way violates or infringes (or could reasonably be expected to violate or infringe) the copyright, registered trademark or intellectual property rights of another person;Which is (or could reasonably be expected to be) obscene, offensive, pornographic, vulgar, profane, indecent or otherwise illegal;Which is (or could reasonably be expected to be) defamatory of any person;Which racially or religiously vilifies, incites violence or hatred, or is likely to offend, insult or humiliate others based on race, religion, ethnicity, gender, age, sexual orientation or any physical or mental disability; orWhich you know or suspect (or ought reasonably to have known or suspected) to be false, misleading or deceptive.You will not use the comments areas for the purpose of advertising, promoting or soliciting any goods or services, or otherwise engaging in trade or commerce; or for the sole purpose of cross-linking.Disclaimer: Whilst we do take all reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this website is up to date and accurate at all times we do not guarantee that all material is accurate and or up to date.
Write us a Review
Talk to us
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Phone (required)
Your Message
Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
AMPHION Communications
5.0
Randy Loren 19:53 11 Jul 17
Carlos and Anna's are the best!!! I have used their hosting and web design services for many years with absolutely stellar service. They provide the latest technology at an affordable price. Whenever I have a question Carlos or Anna have the answer.
Randy Loren
Paulette Halpern 15:15 11 Jul 17
Amphion Communications is a full service Digital Marketing firm.
Anna and Carlos do everything from website creation to managing your digital marketing campaign with SEO.
They deliver increased viewer ship to your company website and document their success for you.
They tailor a campaign to fit into YOUR budget.
Every budget can be accommodated to increase your companies visibility.
Marc Gannon 17:23 11 Jul 17
Very knowledgeable, pleasant staff. Extremely talented at creating unique marketing solutions for the net and providing ongoing support for their clients.
Brucel Landis 20:55 11 Jul 17
Never had a problem with any project they took on did every job well and on time ,very nice
people to deal with.always priced fairly.
See All Reviews
Digital Marketing Firm – Services at a glance Internet Marketing
Website Design and Development
eCommerce
Mobile Websites
Search Engine Optimization SEO
PPC Google Adwords management
Corporate & Industrial Photography
Electronic Signage
Video Production
Business focused Web Hosting
Newsletter setting and Blogging
Social Media Management
Custom Web Applications and Programming
Animation
Graphic Design
Call us at: 954-782-8668