https://andromeda.com/wordpress/privacy-policy
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Andromeda and your privacy
At Andromeda we respect your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to Andromeda.com, you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information and preferences when you visit certain areas of Andromeda.com, download free software, request information, or subscribe to Andromeda newsletters.
We will guard the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide on Andromeda.com are always tailored to your current, designated preferences.
When you provide Andromeda with your name (or alias), e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, and you do not ‘opt out,’ Andromeda and Andromeda representatives and affiliates may use the provided information to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, classes, new services, and other Andromeda information. Representatives and affiliates may include value-added resellers and authorized training partners. Beyond its representatives and affiliates, Andromeda does not offer or allow the selling of any user-provided information to third parties.
Andromeda respects the rights users give us when opting to receive e-mail communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users.
If you do not want Andromeda or Andromeda representatives to contact you, you may “opt out” of this preference at any time, whether you’re online or contacting Andromeda directly. As part of your preference flexibility, you’ll always have the option to opt back in and have Andromeda contact you based on your previous or new preferences. For instructions, please see the section “Contact Us,” below.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit most Andromeda websites; however, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification.
How Andromeda will protect your personal information
Your personal information that has been offered to Andromeda Software, Inc. has been done through an encrypted format, to prevent loss, misuse or alteration of the data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Andromeda Software, Inc. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Andromeda will always protect the personal information that you share with us. Andromeda stores information internally in a controlled, secure environment. If, for example, you make a purchase online, we route all transactions through SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and will process your credit card number only to secure your current payment. The SSL transaction does not retain your credit card number subsequent to the transaction at hand and will not use the number for marketing purposes.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
If Andromeda requests general demographic information, this information is limited to reporting purposes only; members remain anonymous. Phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and postal addresses are never shared for demographic reports with outside entities. Andromeda may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide an up-front statement to that effect. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Comments are closed
Collections
Products for Photoshop
Cutline
EtchTone
LensDoc
Perspective
ScatterLight
Screens
Shadow
StippleArt
Demos
Andromeda ForeEdge™ For Creating – Book Edge Art