http://angelichost.net/policies.html
30 day FREE trial!
Click the imageto sign up now.
Privacy:
At AngelicHost, we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all products, services and websites offered by AngelicHost, or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies, collectively AngelicHost's "Services".
Information we collect and how we use it:
When you visit the AngelicHost website, we may collect your IP address and
standard web log information, such as your browser type and the pages
you accessed on our website.
If you sign up for service, we collect the following types of information from you:
Contact information - your name, address, phone, email, and other similar information.
Billing information - the numbers and other billing information for the credit card that you use to pay for the Services.
How we use cookies:
When you access our website, we may place small data files called "cookies" on
your computer.
We send a "session cookie" to your
computer when you log in to your account, or when you place an order. This type of cookie helps us
to keep track of your progress through the Order Wizard. Once you log out or close your browser, this cookie expires
and no longer has any effect.
We encode our
cookies so that only we can interpret the information stored in them.
You are free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but doing
so may interfere with your use of our website. We may also collect
information about your computer or other access device to mitigate risk
and for fraud prevention purposes.
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout
this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe
information that can be associated with a specific person and can be
used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information
to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not
identify a specific user.
We store and process your
personal information on our computers in the US, and we protect it by
maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in
compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use
computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce
physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize
access to personal information only for those employees who require it
to fulfill their job responsibilities.
We do not store credit card numbers on our site, beyond the amount of time necessary to perform the initial credit card authorization.
How we use the personal information we collect:
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your personal information to:
provide the services and customer support you request;
process transactions and send notices about your transactions;
resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems;
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement;
compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
How we share personal information with other parties
We may share your personal information with:
Service providers under contract who help with parts of our business
operations; (payment processing, fraud prevention, bill collection). Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use
your information in connection with the services they perform for us
and not for their own benefit.
Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties when
we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure
we need to do so to comply with law
we
believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is
necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report
suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our User
Agreement
AngelicHost will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at:
AngelicHost
1657 E Stone Dr, Ste B224
Kingsport, TN
37660
USA
Back to top
Refunds:
AngelicHost is committed to the satisfaction of our customers. Please review our refund policy below:
Web Hosting Accounts - All new web hosting accounts are
covered by a 30 day money back guarantee. If you become dissatisfied
with our services at any point within the first 30 days of establishing your hosting account, we will refund the hosting fees, less any setup fees, domain registrations, and SSL certificates.
Web Hosting Renewals - Your web hosting account
will renew on a monthly basis.  Refunds for web hosting
account renewals will be granted to customers who request
a cancellation of their service, in writing, no later than
10 days after the renewal date. No exceptions will be made
to this policy.
Domain
Names - All domain names sales are considered final at the time of purchase.
You are the sole owner of any domain names registered through our
services upon payment in full. Should you decide to leave our service
for another provider, domain names are transferable and therefore not
subject to refunds.
Changes
to registered domain names (incorrect spelling, etc..) cannot be made
once the domain has been purchased with a domain registry.  It is very
important that you verify the spelling of your domain name and it is
recommended that you have someone else read it as well to ensure it is
exactly as expected.
Domain
Name Renewals - Domain Name renewals are billed automatically on the
schedule agreed to.  They will renew automatically
until you cancel the renewal of your domain name in writing at least 10 days prior to the renewal date.  Keep in
mind that domain names are on a minimum of an annual plan. Once a domain name has been renewed, it may not be refunded.
SSL Certificates - All SSL certificate sales are considered final at the time of purchase.
You are the sole owner of any SSL certificates registered through our
services upon payment in full. Should you decide to leave our service
for another provider, SSL Certificates are transferable and therefore not
subject to refunds.
SSL Certificate Renewals - SSL Certificate renewals are billed automatically on the
schedule agreed to.  They will renew automatically
until you cancel the renewal of your SSL Certificate, in writing at least 10 days prior to the renewal date.  Keep in
mind that SSL Certificates are on a minimum of an annual plan. Once an SSL Certificates has been renewed, it may not be refunded.
Back to top
Content:
All services may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission,
storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in
violation of any United States Federal, State or City law is
prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted
material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene, or
material protected by trade secret and other statute. The
subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold us harmless from any
claims resulting from the use of the service which damages the
subscriber or any other party.
Note: Adult Sites which include nudity, pornography
or sex-related merchandising are prohibited on all servers. This
includes sites that may infer sexual content, or link to adult
content elsewhere. This is also true for sites that promote any
illegal activity or content that may be damaging to our servers
or any other server on the internet. Links to such materials are
also prohibited.
In addition, any site selling or promoting Bulk email
services is not permitted.
Examples of unacceptable content or links:
Pirated software
Hackers programs or archives
Warez Sites
Irc Bots
Mp3
We will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a
violation of this provision.
Back to top
Traffic Guidelines
Due to the unique resource characteristics and traffic patterns
associated with certain types of sites, the following are
limited to 3 gigs of free traffic:
Sub hosting - any domain housing additional users
Shareware, sound, video, image and multimedia archives
Mirror sites
Distribution points
Any site whose primary purpose is file distribution
Back to top
CGI Scripts
Each account comes with its own cgi-bin. You are free to use any
CGI scripts you wish, however we reserve the right to disable
any CGI script that affects normal server operation.
Back to top
Chat Rooms
We do not allow clients to install their own chat rooms. These
tend to be large system hogs and we cannot allow it as an
account option. We do provide a choice of PHP chat rooms for a
small extra charge that will more than fill your needs and run
without hindering the performance of the machine for others. You
are limited to one chat room on your domain.
Back to top
Background Running
Programs
We may allow programs to run continually in the background.
These are considered on a one to one basis and an extra charge
will be incurred based on system resources used and operational
maintenance needed.
Back to top
IRC
We currently do not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated on our
servers.
Back to top
Commercial
Advertising - Email:
Our servers may not be the source, intermediary, or destination
address involved in the transmission of Unsolicited Commercial Email (UCE), also known as spam, flames, or mail
bombs. Your domain may not be referenced as originator,
intermediary, or reply-to address in any of the above.
Advertising sites on other servers which in turn contain links
to a domain on our servers is prohibited. We consider spam any
mass unsolicited message in the mediums of Newsgroups and Email, or any activity that causes one of our servers to be listed on a "blacklist" or lowers the email sending reputation of one of our servers. If you are found to have spammed, then we will immediately,
without warning, disable your domain. In addition, we will
impose a $100 penalty for each spam policy violation. We reserve
the right to refuse or cancel service to known spammers. As such, any violation will result in immediate deactivation
of services without refund.
Lastly,
we reserve the right to determine what violates this policy.
Back to top
Server Abuse:
Any attempts to undermine or cause harm to a server is strictly
prohibited.
Back to top
Refusal of Service:
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel service at our sole
discretion.
If any terms or conditions are failed to be followed it will
result in grounds for immediate account deactivation.
Back to top
Privacy
Refunds
Content
Traffic Guidelines
CGI Scripts
Chat Rooms
Background Running
Programs
IRC
Commercial Advertising
- Email
Server Abuse
Refusal of Service
Copyright © AngelicHost 2005. All Rights
Reserved.
Home |
Order Standard Service |
Order eCommerce Service |
Order Dedicated Servers |
Domain Registration
Account Features |
e-Commerce |
Dedicated Servers |
SiteBuilder |
Shopping Carts |
Merchant Accounts
Website Design |
Web Templates |
Help Desk |
Manual |
Training |
Contact |
Feedback |
Acceptable Use |
FAQs