http://ani-training.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Scope
This privacy notice applies to any Advanced Network Information, Inc. (ANI) website (“ANI’s Site”) where this privacy notice is referenced, regardless of how you access or use it, including through mobile devices.
It also applies to any other communication we may have with you.
We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive information from children.
Contact Us
If you have a question or a complaint about this privacy notice, our privacy standards, or our information handling practices, please contact us in writing at P.O. Box 2204, Spring Valley, CA 91979.
You can also email us at privacy@ani-psg.com.
Collection of Personal Information
If you are a training participant, your employer (or another third party paying for training) supplies us with your business contact information, including: name, email address, postal address and phone number. Some employers also provide additional identifying information such as an employee ID number. We do not ask for nor do we process or store sensitive personal data.
If you are purchasing training for yourself or interacting with ANI’s Site without being a training participant, we collect the contact information you provide.
When you interact with ANI’s Site, we collect your IP address and data associated with any previously-stored cookies from ANI’s Site. We will also generate and store information about your use of ANI’s Site.
We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific natural person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
Personal information provided when using ANI’s Site
Personal information is identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses provided when you register for training with us. It may also include:
Postage, billing and other information used to purchase or send course materials, invoices, and other information.
Additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected.
Personal information collected using cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take when using ANI’s Site, or within our advertising or email content.
Personal information collected from other sources
As described above, we collect contact information from employers and other third parties who make purchases on your behalf.
When information is collected
We collect information when you use ANI’s Site. We also collect personal information from you and any of your devices (including mobile devices) that interact with our Course Registration system, provide information on a web contact form, provide us information at a tradeshow or other event, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
When orders are placed, we also collect information from the party making the order. This information is typically provided by an employer, but may be provided directly by you or another third party using ANI’s Site on your behalf.
Choices about how personal information is used
We endeavor to provide you with choices about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, to send you marketing information, and how we provide you with individualized and relevant information.
There are some instances, however, where the processing of your information may be limited or determined by others. If your data was provided to us by your employer (or other party paying for your training), we will process the data based on the legitimate interests of your employer in having us provide training to you – in the context of that relationship. We may also process your personal information with regard to our legitimate interest in compliance and maintaining business records. You have a right to object to the processing of your personal information in these circumstances by contacting us at privacy@ani-psg.com.
How we use personal information
We use your personal information to provide and improve ANI’s Site, provide you with a personalized experience in using ANI’s Site, provide you with customer service, provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
If we received your personal information from an employer in connection with the provision of training, we will use that information to communicate with you and provide the training. We may also provide information about your training to your employer.
Information about training provided to a specified individual may appear in invoices and other financial records. We may also process and retain personal information for purposes of compliance with laws and regulations.
Ways to access, control, and correct personal information
We respect your right to access, correct, request deletion or request restriction of our usage of personal information as required by applicable law. We also take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date.
You have the right to know what personal information we maintain.
We will provide a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used format on request.
If personal information is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to update it.
You have the right to object to our processing of personal information.
You can also ask us to delete or restrict how we use personal information. This right is determined by applicable law.
How personal information might be shared
We may disclose personal information to third parties. This disclosure may be required to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our Terms & Conditions or other agreements, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our training and otherwise comply with the law. We attempt to minimize the amount of personal information we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose.
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes without your consent.
We may provide personal information to:
Comply with local laws, such as third-party screening for export compliance
Verify enrollment and/or attendance for students taking third-party authorized courses
Others as directed by you
Third-party postal carriers and couriers to deliver courseware and other pertinent communication
Employers or other parties providing funding for training
Third parties contracted by us for printing and distribution of course materials and other relevant information
Course instructor(s) and/or other personnel involved in the delivery of training in order to verify attendance, provide supplemental materials, or to communicate with or mentor students with regard to their enrolled courses
Third-party platform providers in association with virtual course delivery and remote labs
Third-party companies providing invoicing and/or marketing services
How long we keep personal information
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the training, or for other essential purposes such as maintaining financial and tax records, complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our policies.
How we protect personal information
We protect personal information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or alteration. Some of the safeguards we use include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and authorization or information access controls.
Cookies & Similar Technologies
When you visit or interact with ANI’s Site we or our authorized service providers may use cookies and other similar technologies to help provide you with a better, faster, safer experience, and for advertising and marketing purposes.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that may uniquely identify your browser or device.
What types of cookies does ANI use? First and third-party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to ANI; third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through ANI’s Site. Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing a service for ANI, such as access to remote labs or virtual classroom connectivity.
ANI uses cookies primarily to support its use of Google Analytics. They are used to:
Identify unique users
Identify unique sessions
Throttle the request rate
Store information about user sessions and campaigns
How long will cookies stay on a device?
ANI uses persistent cookies that stay on a computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
How to control and delete cookies
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies. If you do not want ANI’s Site to store cookies on your device, you can change your browser settings so that you receive a warning before certain cookies are stored. You can also adjust your settings so that your browser refuses most of our cookies or only certain cookies from third parties. You can also withdraw your consent to cookies by deleting the cookies that have already been stored.
If you disable the cookies that we use, this may impact your experience while using ANI’s Site. For example, you may not be able to access certain functionality of ANI’s Site or you may not receive accurate or personalized information.
If you use different devices to view and access ANI’s Site (e.g., your computer, smartphone, tablet) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
The procedures for changing your settings and cookies differ from browser to browser. If necessary, use the help function on your browser or click on one of the links below to go directly to the “Help” center for your browser.
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera
You can find a great deal of additional information about cookie settings at third-party sites, such as www.allaboutcookies.org.
Updated June 11, 2018
Business Solutions
Overview
GTM/Sales Acceleration
Managed Learning Services
Course Offerings
Overview
Partner Solutions
Cable and Service Provider
Technology
Upcoming Classes
Learning Solutions
Overview
Microlearning
Interactive eLearning
Performance Support
Certification and Compliance
Design
Development
Delivery
Knowledge Management Solutions
Overview
Microlearning Strategy
Curation as a Service
Taxonomy Services
Knowledge Asset Inventory
Knowledge Capture and Conversion
Content Deployment
Company
News
Our Team