https://annex.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Annex Technologies, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: Annex Technologies, Inc.Annex Technologies, Inc. respects the privacy of all visitors to our website. Our Web server does NOT automatically retrieve any information from your browser regarding your e-mail address, and we do NOT collect personal information on visitors who browse our website without their knowledge and permission. We do log connections to our site to provide us with data regarding which areas of our website visitors find most interesting.If you provide us with your postal address, telephone number, and/or email address while visiting one of our Web pages, we will never, under any circumstances, provide your information to any other third party except under order of a court. We do NOT make our customer or visitor list available to ANYONE outside of our own company, nor do we rent or sell our visitor information to anyone.Information Automatically LoggedWe use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your shopping cart should you be in our online commerce areas. We also log IPs so we may view the site’s usage statistics internally. We do NOT share any logged information with outside parties.CookiesOur Site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart(s) and/or authentication/private logons. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.AdvertisersIn some cases, we may display ads/links to outside companies on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.Registration and/or Order FormsSome of our site’s registration forms require users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), unique identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level).Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases or mail information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Under NO CIRCUMSTANCES do we make this information available to any other party or company. External LinksThis site contains links to other sites we don’t control. Annex Technologies, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Public ForumsThis site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us .You can send email to ggooden@annex.comYou can send mail to the following postal address:Annex Technologies, Inc., 520 E. Wilson Ave., Suite 245, Glendale, California 91206You can call the following telephone number: 818-761-2100Data Quality/AccessThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:You can send email to ggooden@annex.comYou can send mail to the following postal address:Annex Technologies, Inc., 520 E. Wilson Ave., Suite 245, Glendale, California 91206You can call the following telephone number: 818-761-2100Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: ggooden@annex.com
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Copyright Statement