https://antec.com/terms.php
PRODUCT
CASE
PERFORMANCE SERIES
GAMING SERIES
CUBE
VALUE SOLUTION
NX SERIES
ISK SERIES
NEW SOLUTION
OTHER
POWER SUPPLY
BY SERIES
80 PLUS
COOLING
CASE FAN
CPU LIQUID COOLER
CPU AIR COOLER
SOCIAL MEDIA
AWARDS
CASE
POWER SUPPLY
COOLING
ABOUT US
SQUAD
ANTEC Memory
ATOM
PRODUCT
CASE
PERFORMANCE SERIES
GAMING SERIES
CUBE
VALUE SOLUTION
NX SERIES
ISK SERIES
NEW SOLUTION
OTHER
POWER SUPPLY
BY SERIES
80 PLUS
COOLING
CASE FAN
CPU LIQUID COOLER
CPU AIR COOLER
SOCIAL MEDIA
AWARDS
CASE
POWER SUPPLY
COOLING
ABOUT US
SQUAD
ANTEC Memory
ATOM
SUPPORT
WHERE TO BUY
PRESS
TERMS OF USE
I. GENERAL USE AGREEMENT
II. PRIVACY POLICY
III. ONLINE ORDER -SHIPPING DISCLAIMER
IV. GENERAL POLICY
V. ONLINE ORDER - REFUND DISCLAIMER
I. GENERAL USE AGREEMENT
This Agreement (the "General Use Agreement") governs your access and use
of the Antec website (the “Website” or the "Service") accessed through
http://www.antec.com, and the contents ("Content" or "Contents" or "Content
Material") provided thereon or therethrough. If you do not agree to these
terms, do not access the website. In consideration for your right to accessand
use the Website, you and Antec, Inc. ("Antec") agree as follows: 1. ACCEPTANCE
OF TERMS By accessing the Service or the Website, you agree to be bound
by the terms of this Agreement and any modifications made to it in accordance
with Section 14 below. If you do not agree to these terms, do not access
the website.
1. THE WEBSITE The Antec Website enables businesses and individuals ("you"
or the “Public”) to view and download Antec corporateand product news,
information, images, and other Contents stored in electronic format. You
undersftand and agree that the Website and Contents are provided "AS-IS"
for your own personal, informational, educational, or other non-commercial
purpose,and that Antec assumes no responsibility for, among other things,
(1) errors or wrong information,
(2) any service outages or interruptions,
(3) the unavailability of particular sections, features or services,
(4) the inability to access the Website,
(5) the failure or inability to post Content to the Service,
(6) the deletion of Content posted to the Website,
(7) the failure to store Content posted to the Website or
(8) your inability to view updated Contents regardless of the reason therefor.
2. CONTENT OWNERSHIP You acknowledge and agree that the right to view
content on the Service does not transfer any ownership rights in that content
to you. All Contents on the Website are considered non-confidential and
are the property of Antec,and all rights in said Contents are reserved
unless otherwise agreed in advance in writing by Antec. You may not use
any of the Contents found on the Website, other than for viewing for your
own personal, informational, educational, or other non-commercial purpose,
without our express written permission. You may not modify any of the Contents
found on the Website. You agree you may not and will not reproduce, duplicate,
copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purpose any ofthe Content
accessible on the Website, nor attempt to pass off any of the Contents
as your own, nor in any way violate Antec'sownership rights of the Content
materials on the Website. You agree that you will not use the Content material
on the Websitein any way that could hurt others.
3. LIMITATIONS, CONDITIONS AND RULES REGARDING WEBSITE You agree that
Antec may establish, in its sole discretion, any limitations, conditions
or rules concerning use of the Website. You acknowledge that Antec has
the right to change these general practicesand limits at any time, in its
sole discretion, with or without notice.
4. MODIFICATION AND TERMINATION OF SERVICE Antec reserves the right at
any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Website (or any part of it) or access to the Website,
or its Contents or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree
that Antec shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification,
suspensionor discontinuance of any part of the Website or its Contents
or of the Website Service as a whole. You agree that Antec, in its sole
discretion, may terminate your ability to access the Website, or to remove
and discard any Content within the Website, for any reason or for no reason.
You agree that any termination of your access to the Website may be immediate
and without prior notice. You further agree that Antec shall not be liable
to you or any third-party for any termination of your use or ability to
access the Website. Antec reserves the right to take any action it deems
necessary with respect to your access to the Website if we have reason
to believe it may cause us to lose the services of our ISP or suppliers.
5. OTHER WEB SITES AND RESOURCES Third parties linking to the Website
may provide links or access to or from other web sites and resources. Because
Antec has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and
agree that Antec is not responsible for the availability of such sites
or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for
any content, advertising, products, or other Contents on or available from
such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Antec shallnot
be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance
on any such Content or goods or services available on or through any such
site or resource.
6. NO RESALE, REDISTRIBUTION OR REPURPOSING OF WEBSITE OR CONTENT You
agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resellor exploit for any
commercial purposes, use of the Website, access to the Website, or any
of the Content accessible through the Website.
7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES You expressly understand and agree that: (a)
your use of the Website is at your sole risk. The Website is provided on
an "as is" and "as available" basis. Antec expressly disclaims all warranties
of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to
the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose
and non-infringement. (b) Antec makes no warranty that (i) the Website
will meet your requirements, (ii) the Website Service will be uninterrupted,
timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the information that may be obtained
from the use of the Website will be accurate or reliable. (c) any material
downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Website is obtained
and used at your sole risk and discretion and you will be solely responsible
for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from
the download of any such material. (d) no advice or information, whether
oral or written, obtained by you through or from the Website shall create
any warranty by Antec.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY You expressly understand and agree that Antec
shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential,
or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of
profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Antec
has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i)
the use of or the inability to use the Website; (ii) the cost of procurement
of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information
or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions
entered into through or from the Website; (iii) statements or conduct of
any third party with regard to the Website; or (v) any other matter relating
to the Website.
9. EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion
of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental
or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations of
sections 8 and 9 may not apply to you.
10. INDEMNITY You agree to indemnify and hold Antec and its subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and contractors harmless from
any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from
your use of the Website, your connectionto the Website, or your viewing
or accessing the posts or messages of any other user of the Website in
connection with the Website.
11. NOTICES Notices to you may be made via email or regular mail, or Antec
may also provide notices of changes to this Agreement or the Website by
displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Website.
12. LEGAL DISPUTES This Agreement and your relationship with Antec shall
be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its
conflict of law provisions. You and Antec agree to submit to the personal
and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Alameda,
California, USA. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the
contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use
of the Website or the Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after
such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
13. MODIFICATION We may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the
amended terms on our site at http://www.antec.com/pdf/TandCs.pdf.All amendments
shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted
on our site. Your use of the Website following the effective date of any
modifications shall constitute your binding acceptance of those modifications.
This Agreement may not be otherwise amended except in a writing signed
by an officer of Antec. This Agreement was last modified on August 3, 2004.
14. GENERAL Antec's failure to enforce any provision of this agreement
will not be construed as a waiver of any provisionor right. In the event
that a portion of this agreement is held unenforceable, the unenforceable
portion will be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as
possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder
of the provisions will remain in full force and effect. Paragraphs 3, 7,
8, 9, 11, 13, and 14 of this Agreement shall surviveany termination of
the Agreement.
15. TRANSLATIONS This agreement and the Antec Website site is developed
in English and MAY be translated into other languages. To the extent a
translation of the agreement or the site is provided, it is afforded as
a convenience only. For all purposes, only the English version of this
agreement, and the English versions of the Antec Website site shall be
official and bindingon the parties. Antec, Inc. is not responsible for
the accuracy and correctness of any translation. You are solely responsible
to carefully read and understand the English text and you agree that you
may not rely on translations provided to be official documents or representations.
16. SHIPPING We are unable to ship to P.O. boxes or military addresses.
Once the payment goes through, we cannot change the shipping address per
the customer's request.
II. PRIVACY POLICY
Antec, Inc. (Antec) takes your privacy seriously. The following describes
our privacy policy. What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Antec treats personal information that Antec collects
and receives when you interact with our website and associated online store.
Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable
like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not
otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Antec does
not own or control, or to people that Antec does not employ or manage.
NOTICE: Click here for important information about safe Internet surfing
from the Federal Trade Commission. Information Collection and Use Online
Antec Store
Antec collects personal information when you order product from our online
store site or “shopping cart” services. This information is used by us
to fulfill your order; without it we cannot ship you the product you have
purchased. · When you order we ask for information such as your name, shipping
address, billing address, email address, zip code, and phone number. This
information is archived with our accounting records for at least as long
as the IRS requires. · When you order we also ask for your credit card
number and credit card expiration date so that we can process payment for
your order. This information is not availableto Antec employees outside
of our secure online payment system, and is discarded once the payments
are processed.
Your email address and, if appropriate, information concerning Antec products
purchased from our online store, are entered into our emailing list database.
Antec uses this information from time to time to send you information by
email concerning our products and services. Antec Website
Antec collects information from you if you volunteer it to us through
signing up to be on our email list, through participationin any Contest
we may hold from time to time, or through signing up to be listed on our
Where To Buy pages. · When you signup to be on our email list, or to be
listed on our Where To Buy pages, your email address will be added to our
email list.Your other provided personal information will be stored and
used for legitimate business purposes only, as described below.· When you
sign up for an Antec Contest, you will be given the choice to be added
to our email address list or not. If you choose to be added, we will add
your email address to our email list. If you choose not to be added, your
email address will not be added to our email list. In either case your
other provided personal information will be stored and used for legitimate
business purposes only, as described below. Children
Antec does not knowingly do business with or accept orders from individuals
under the age of 18. Therefore, we do not collect information from children
under age 13, nor use it for any reason. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Antec does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with
other people or nonaffiliated companies except under the following circumstances:
· We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish
or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; · We believe
it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent,
or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations
involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations
of Antec's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. · We transfer
information about you if Antec is acquired by or merged with another company.
In this event, Antec will notify you before information about you is transferred
and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Cookies
Antec sets and accesses cookies on your computer in only two circumstances:
1) Antec Store. If you add product to a 'shopping cart' while in our online
store, a cookie is created on your computer that lists the added product.
This allows you to shop and return later to complete the transaction. Personal
information is not stored in the cookie. 2) My Antec. If you access the
My Antec functionality (available through the main Website header) and
set a default zone to govern your browsing of the Antec Website, that default
zone is recorded in a cookie generated on your computer. Personal information
is not stored in the cookie. Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account
Information and Preferences General
Your order information must be retained by us as a matter of law for a
period of time set by law.
If you receive an email from our mailing list system and would like to
be removed from the database, you may ask to be deleted from our database
by sending email to response@antec.com. Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees whom we
believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide
products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
In certain areas of our online store Antec uses industry-standard SSL
encryption to protect data transmissions. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Antec may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes
in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary
email address specified in your Antec account or by placing a prominent
notice on our site. Minor changes, updates or clarifications to this policy
will be posted as described in Paragraph 14 of our General Use Agreement
(see above). Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at: Antec Inc.
Privacy Policy Issues 2782 Bayview Dr. Fremont, CA 94538
III. ONLINE ORDER -SHIPPING DISCLAIMER
1. All orders placed with Antec, Inc. constitute the acknowledgment and
acceptance of all terms and conditions listed on the Website. We strive
to provide the most accurate shipping rates for your orders. However, in
the event of technical difficulties or any factors that may result in miscalculation
of shipping rates, we will correct discrepancies at the time of processing,
and may contact and inform you via phone or e-mail. Customers have the
option to cancel their order(s). Antec, Inc. will not be held responsible
for miscalculated totals due to errors.
2. All orders placed before 11pm PST will be processed and shipped the
same business day.
IV. GENERAL POLICY
These are Antec’s Standard Return Policies applicable only to products
purchased by you directly from the Antec.com website.
https://www.antec.com/support.php
Shipping label can be requested if item purchased within 30 days is defective.
Credit can be offered within 30 days, but shipping cost is non refundable.
Any return for a refund may be subject to a 5-10% restocking fee.
Products that are not eligible for return and will be sent back to you
at your cost and expense if received by us:
Any product not purchased from Antec.com
Any product without a valid, readable serial number, including but not
limited to products with missing, damaged, altered, or otherwise unreadable
serial number
Any product that is returned without all original packaging and accessories,
including the retail box, manuals, cables, and all other items originally
included with the product
Any product that exhibits physical damage
Any product that are considered as B-Stock or refurbished. Return policy
on these items are 30 days prior to purchase. After the 30 days, returns
are not accepted.
V. ONLINE ORDER - REFUND DISCLAIMER
*** DISCLAIMER: THE BELOW ONLY APPLIES TO PRODUCTS PURCHASED DIRECTLY
FROM ANTEC. FOR PRODUCTS PURCHASED THROUGH A THIRD PARTY PLEASE WORK WITH
YOUR RETAILER/DISTRIBUTOR FOR RETURNS AND EXCHANGES.
FOR INFORMATION ON OUR WARRANTY REPLACEMENT POLICY, PLEASE GO TO <<
ANTEC WARRANTY POLICY
>> ******
RETURNS
Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase,
unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
A return shipping label can be offered within the 30 days of the purchase
date. Please contact support@antec.com and on the subject line put the
order number.
Modified products are not eligible for returns; the warranty is also void
if the item was modified.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same
condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging.
To complete your return, we require proof of purchase.
GET STARTED
If you are exchanging or returning a product please go to our support
page and create a ticket at support.antec.com for further instructions
or call us at 222-6832.
SHIPPING
To return your product, we will provide you with a return shipping label
upon approval.
The time it takes for the exchanged product to reach you, will vary depending
on your location.
REFUNDS
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send an email to notifying
you that we have received your returned item.
We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit
will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of
payment, within.
Open items will have a 10-20% restocking fee depending on the condition
of the item.
EXCHANGES
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. If you need to
exchange it for the same item, please email us at support@antec.com for
further instructions.
LATE OR MISSING REFUNDS
If you have not received a refund, first check your bank account or your
paypal account.
Then contact your credit card company / Paypal; it may take some time
before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund
is posted.
If you have done all of this and you still have not received your refund,
please email us at support@antec.com, or call us at 222-6832.