https://appligent.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Appligent Document Solutions web site permits users to obtain access to information about Appligent and its products. In providing this access, Appligent recognizes the principles of privacy of personal information.
Information Gathered through the Appligent Web Site
There are three ways in which information about you can be gathered when you use the Appligent web site:
When you visit the Appligent web site, our web server identifies the IP address of your computer and resolves it into a domain name (a domain name is a computer address by which one computer communicates with the other).
By using programming scripts, we collect information about the type of browser, operating system and system configuration that you use.
In order to obtain access to portions of our web site (to download free software, to license our products online or to enter a contest) we may ask you to complete a registration form that identifies personal information about you or solicits your comments.
We refer to all of this information as “Personal Information”.
Use of Personal Information
We use personal information to obtain information regarding web site usage so that we can tailor our web site content to meet your needs.
We do not sell personal information to other companies. We may, in certain cases, share this information with our Partners to insure that we provide better service to our customers.
Deletion and Correction of Personal Information
By contacting us at webmaster@appligent.com, you can find out the details of any personal Information we hold about you, correct or update that personal information or request that we delete that personal information.
Safeguards
We value the information you share with us, and consequently, your personal information is password-protected and its availability is limited to persons who have a need to know.
Links with other sites
When you access other sites by way of hyperlinks at this site, please remember that Appligent has no control over the content posted on those sites.
Recourse
If you are dissatisfied with the Appligent site, by all means contact contact us but otherwise your only recourse is to disconnect from this site.
Advertising
Third party vendors, including Google, show Appligent Document Solutions ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to the Appligent Document Solutions website.
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
This Privacy Statement is made in contemplation of the requirements of Canadian, United States and the European Union laws.
Appligent Document Solutions reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Use of the Appligent Web Site is subject to the Terms of Use.
We welcome your comments with respect to the Appligent Document Solutions Privacy Statement. Any comments or questions should be sent by e-mail to webmaster@appligent.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond to your inquiry.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE. Copyright © 2017 Appligent, Inc., All rights reserved.