http://appliedperception.com/privacy-policy/
Applied Perception has a stringent privacy policy to protect all our readers and users and make sure all interactions on our site are secure. Through the implementation of various security measures, we aim to protect all personal information submitted on this site.
We will refrain from trading or selling any personal data collected. This does not include third parties assisting in the operation of this website who have agreed to keep all information confidential.
Any information that we release that is gathered by this site will only be done so when deemed appropriate in compliance with the law, enforcing our site policies or protecting the rights and safety of other users.
Applied Perception, products and services are targeted at users who are at least 21 years old or older. As such, we do not collect any information from anyone under 21 years of age.
While we seek to protect the integrity of Applied Perception, and welcome any feedback, we may, at our discretion, offer third party products or services on this website. These third parties will be issued with independent privacy policies.
As an addendum to our online privacy policy, this disclaimer also applies. All opinions posted on this website are that of Applied Perception. This website operates as a private entity and is in no way linked to any casino.
Information that we access through this site is provided “as is” and without warranty, express or implied. Crapsrookie.com and all affiliated organizations make no warranty as to the reliability, accuracy, timelines, usefulness or completeness of the information.
Applied Perception does not make any express or implied warranties, representations or endorsements with regards to this service, or information and merchandise provided through the service. Unless otherwise specified, this site does not warrant the accuracy, timeline or usefulness of any opinions, advice, services or other information provided on this website. Under no circumstances will this website be liable to you or anyone else for any decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon the information provided by this service.