https://appraisalmark.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
I. Payment Data
AppraisalMark retains credit card information from our clients through a secure online ordering system (identified as “ValuTrac”). AppraisalMark has signed contracts with ValuTrac available upon request which define the security and privacy standards of the systems. Any credit card information we retain is encrypted and secure within these systems. No credit card information or check copies are retained in our systems. Any copies of check payments received are stored off-site in secured locked facilities.
II. Appraisal Order Work Files
AppraisalMark does not store paper work order files. AppraisalMark retains work file information from our clients through ValuTrac. Each electronic file stores PDF files containing the following customer information: Borrower Name(s), phone numbers, address and any relevant information needed to facilitate an appraisal order. All relevant email logs and or emails will be maintained in these electronic files. The emails may contain confidential identifying information. AppraisalMark has signed contracts with ValuTrac available upon request which define the security and privacy standards of the systems.
III. Gramm Leach Bliley Title V (GLB)
AppraisalMark makes significant efforts to keep all appraisal-related data confidential in compliance with the Gramm Leach Bliley act, Title V. We will not disclose confidential appraisal and/or mortgage data to any third party without the written permission of the rightful owner of that data. We do not disclose personal financial information to any appraiser vendor. Furthermore, our staff, contractors and member appraisers have all entered into written contracts with AppraisalMark to keep this data confidential.
IV. Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP)
AppraisalMark makes significant efforts to keep all appraisal-related data confidential in compliance with the current version of the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice (USPAP) as published by The Appraisal Foundation. We will not disclose confidential appraisal data to any third party without the written permission of the rightful owner of that data. Furthermore, our staff, contractors and vendor appraisers have all entered into written contracts with AppraisalMark to keep this data confidential. Appraisals ordered through AppraisalMark are treated as a contract between the ordering party and the appraiser completing the work. AppraisalMark is an agent for the ordering party and the appraiser. The lender/client may disclose or distribute this appraisal report to: the borrower; another lender at the request of the borrower; the mortgagee or its successors and assigns; mortgage insurers; government sponsored enterprises; other secondary market participants; data collection or reporting services; professional appraisal organizations; any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States; and any state, the District of Columbia, or other jurisdictions; without having to obtain the appraiser’s or supervisory appraiser’s (if applicable) consent. Such consent must be obtained before this appraisal report may be disclosed or distributed to any other party (including, but not limited to, the public through advertising, public relations, news, sales, or other media).
V. Our Use of Your Information
The majority of the information we collect is held in strictest confidence and is not shared outside of AppraisalMark except as specifically described in this statement. If necessary, we will use your information to contact you.
VI. Information Distribution
AppraisalMark will never willfully disclose personally identifiable information to a third party for marketing or other use.
VII. Third Party Collectors of Information
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
VIII. General
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, please email or contact Todd Buzas: tbuzas@appraisalmark.com.
Where to find us 2701 E Osborn Rd, Suite 103
Phoenix, AZ 85016
USA
info@appraisalmark.com
844-334-0333
Our Office Hours Mon-Fri: 8:00-5:00
Sat & Sun: Closed
Scroll to top