https://appsafari.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
iPhone apps, iPod touch apps, iPad apps, iPhone app Reviews - AppSafari.com
Reviews of the Best iPhone apps
iPhone App Reviews AppSafari
Top 25 iPhone Apps
iPhone App Review Categories
App Giveaway
Submit
Help
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Tweet
Introduction
The site editor takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as “data” below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor’s control.
1. Collection of data
Registration for an account or posting comments on this site requires only a valid e-mail address, a user name that has not been chosen already and your name. You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please be aware that your name, the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor’s policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
2. Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor’s legal rights and/or property. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
3. Cookies
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience — to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site’s cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
* You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
4. Minors
The site editor might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site.
5. Changes to this privacy policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
6. NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor’s control that may result in disclosure of data. Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
7. Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact us .
Advertise Here
About AppSafari
Looking for the best iPhone, iPad & iPod touch apps? Reviews of the best new iPhone apps daily since 2007. The App Store is a jungle. Go on a safari of over 7263 iPhone, iPod touch & iPad apps & discover new iOS apps.
Advertise Here
Popular App Review Categories
Games
Featured apps
iPad apps
Free apps
Cydia apps
App Lists
Music
Utilities
Reference
Social
Chat
Video
Productivity
Notes
Fun
GPS
Files
Augmented reality
Shopping
Education
Finance
Travel
Food
Sports
News
Weather
Health
Movies
Photos
VOIP
Email
Calendar
Contacts
Auto
Dating
Books
Web apps
All categories >>
Enter your email address:
New Apps Sent to your Mailbox
Recent iPhone App Reviews
Elevate – Brain Training May 28th, 14UpTo Calendar – Syncs with Google Calendar, iCloud, Outlook and more May 28th, 14Quip May 23rd, 14Marco Polo: Find Your Phone by Shouting MARCO! May 22nd, 14Ku – creative social network May 13th, 14Personal Zen May 9th, 14Fiasco! Free May 9th, 14Forza Football (formerly Live Score Addicts) Apr 29th, 14
Advertise Here
Discover AppSafari
Welcome to AppSafari. Our team loves apps and is dedicated to writing iPhone app reviews to help you find the best new & free iPhone apps in the App Store. For the latest App Store buzz check out the Trending iPhone apps updated daily with free games worth downloading. Enter our giveaway contest to win free apps every day. You can browse the site in either gallery or list layout.
Where to go from here
About Us
Help and FAQ
Advertise with us
Join our team
Link to us
Contact Us
Sitemap
More from AppSafari
Got mail? Subscribe to AppSafari by Email. Watch funny and interesting iPhone Videos gathered from around the web.
App Reviews by Users
Steampunk PhotoTada!1 Laura
Sudoku2 Anna, Oliver W.
IMPOSSIBLE ROAD59 Oftalmologista em Taubate, João Martinho
GV Mobile7 textra SMS, Bonk.io
WinterBoard80 Genesis, Fernando
UpTo Calendar - Syncs with Google Calendar, iCloud, Outlook and more271 Oliveira, Silva
Elevate - Brain Training63 fernando, Edileuza
Chocohero10 Patricia, Supere a Ansiedade
Fancy Pants Adventures7 Aiden, Julio
Simply Recipes2 Jennifer, Anthony delio
Tips & Tricks
iPhone 5 News & Rumors
The New iPad (HD/3)
The New iPad vs. iPad 2
Delete Pics from Photo Stream
Activating Emoji in iOS5
iPhone 4S Battery Life Tips
New iOS 5 features and iCloud
Original iPad Information
Verizon iPhone Info
iPhone 4 Specs
iPhone 3G S Specs
iPhone 3G Specs
Original iPhone Specs
iPod touch Specs
iPhone 3G AT&T Plans
iPod touch vs. iPhone
How to Gift iPhone Apps
iPad Shelf Wallpapers
Mobile Safari Tips and Tricks
More Tips & Tricks
Connect & Socialize
Subscribe to RSS Feed
Follow on Twitter & Win Promocodes
Fan us on Facebook
Follow us on Pinterest
Subscribe on YouTube
Submit to StumbleUpon
Post on Reddit
Bookmark on Delicious
© 2007-2019 appsafari.com All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy.This site is not associated with Apple Inc. or its partners. iPod, iPhone, and Safari are trademarks of Apple Inc.
AppStore
Read Review
X