http://aqaa.org/privacy.php
Members Log in here
Username:
Password:
Sign up for our Newsletter
Home
About
Board
Board Code of Ethics
Current AQAA Charter
2018 AQAA Charter
Charter Change Vote
Confidentiality Policy
In the Community
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Membership
Education
CAST Certification
CSTE Certification
CMST Certification
Recertification
Continuing Education
Presentations
Presentations 2019
Presentations 2018
Presentations 2017
Presentations 2016
Presentations 2015
Presentations 2014
Presentations 2013
Presentations 2012
Presentations 2011
Presentations 2010
Video
Newsletters
Job Postings
Submit a Job
Sponsors
AQAA Affliates
Contact
Atlanta Quality Assurance Association Privacy Policy
The Atlanta Quality Assurance Association (AQAA) places a high priority
on protecting your privacy. This privacy policy was created in order to
demonstrate AQAA’s commitment to the privacy of our members and website
users. This policy explains what types of information is collected by the
Atlanta Quality Assurance Association's' website, www.aqaa.org,
and how this information is used.
What Personally Identifiable Information is Collected
Atlanta Quality Assurance Association members that register for membership at
www.aqaa.org and individuals that sign up to
receive e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information
(such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific,
limited purposes. You may always "opt out," either now or at any time in the
future, if you do not wish to receive our messages.
IP addresses
The Atlanta Quality Assurance Association uses your IP address to help diagnose
problems with our server, to administer www.aqaa.org
and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic.
Cookies
www.aqaa.org uses "cookie" messages to automatically
help provide better services. They remind us who you are and your preferences for
our website based on what you've done and told us before. The "cookie" is placed
in your computer and is read when you come back to our website. Cookies let us take
you to the information and features you're particularly interested in. They also
let us track your usage of www.aqaa.org, so we know
which parts of our sites are most popular. You can reject cookies or cancel them
by instructing your Web browser accordingly.
How Your Information May Be Used
We use your personal information to provide you with personalized service;
to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your
membership application; etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which
will cease all communications from us. We may also use your information
to track visitor of our website. This lets us see which of our features
are the most popular so we can better serve our users' needs. It also lets
us provide aggregate data about our traffic (not identifying you personally,
but showing how many visitors used which features, for example) to outside parties.
Email Privacy
The Atlanta Quality Assurance Association does not provide, sell, or rent email
addresses to anyone outside the organization. We may however send e-communications
to members and newsletter recipients on behalf of sponsors (for example upcoming
workshops, seminars and conferences).
External Links
www.aqaa.org includes links to external websites.
These links do not fall under the www.aqaa.org domain,
and the Atlanta Quality Assurance Association is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of external websites. Your use of any linked website is
solely at your own risk.
Modifications
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time; please review it periodically.
We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted
on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices
are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms.
AQAA Sponsors
Become a Sponsor
AQAA Affiliates
Become an Affiliate
|
info@aqaa.org
|
P.O. Box 889154 | Atlanta, Georgia 30356
|
Copyright © AQAA
All rights reserved.