http://arstech.com/install/cms-display/ste_privacy.html
HomeShopping CartCheckoutYour AccountContact
Login to enhance your online experience. Login or Create an Account
Categories
USB 2.0
XPRS
Power Supplies
Enclosures
Cables
Software
Main Menu
About Us
Knowledge-Base
FAQS
Blog
Installation Software
Technical-Support
News
Mail-List
Store-Policies
License-Agreement
Terms-Of -Use
Privacy-Statement
Online Store Menu
Store Home
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Advanced Search
Shopping Cart
There are no items in your shopping cart.
Privacy-Statement
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe.
Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity and for use in our record system.
This site may contain links to other sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information and unique identifiers.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.
The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive mail list messages.
You can send email to us by visiting the Contact Page
You can visit the Mail List Page to un-subscribe
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
You can send email to us by visiting Contact Page
Quick Store Search
Search Term
Advanced Search
Currencies
Select Currency
US Dollars
Swiss Francs
Japanese Yen
Great Britain Pounds
Euros
Canadian Dollars
Australian Dollars
Account Menu
Account Login
Create New Account
Delivery Address Book
Email Subscriptions
Send Contact Message
Popular Pages
ARS Technologies Inc.
USB 2.0
XPRS
Power Supplies
Enclosures
. ., United States .
Telephone: .    Fax: .
Email: info@arstech.com
© 2020 ARS Technologies Inc.. All rights reserved worldwide.
Software:
ClickCartPro, Copyright 1999-2020 Kryptronic, Inc.
Exec Time:
0.205359 Seconds
Memory Usage: 3.620888 Megabytes