https://asirobots.com/legal#privacy
iconiconiconiconiconiconiconiconiconiconlegacy_arrow-link-previouslegacy_arrow-linklegacy_closesocial_facebooksocial_googleplussocial_linkedinsocial_redditsocial_twittersocial_youtubeiconiconiconiconASI-LogoCompaniesPlatformsInvest or PartnerResearchsplitAboutNewsCareersTech SupportContactSend us a messageGive Us A Call866.881.2171ContactCompaniesAgricultureOrchard / VineyardAutomotiveConstructionConstruction HomeAutonomous ADTRobotic DozerRobotic ExcavatorFacility RoboticsMiningODOATele-OpDrilling / BlastingOperator AssistFMSHaulagePlatformsMobiusNavVantageInvest or PartnerResearchsplitAboutOverviewJobsTour ASIInfoNewsCareersTech SupportTerms & ConditionsIn using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions: The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to Autonomous Solutions, Inc. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and Autonomous Solutions, Inc., or either the Client or Autonomous Solutions, Inc. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, etc. are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.License to use website Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.Copyright Policy All website content is the property of Company or its licensors, and is protected by United States copyright and other intellectual property laws. Reproduction of content from this website, unless obtaining express written consent from the Company, is prohibited.Links from this website We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, however caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.Acceptable use You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including, without limitation, scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent. [You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.]Limited warranties We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).Limitations and exclusions of liability Nothing in these terms of use will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or (d) exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in these terms of use: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under these terms of use or in relation to the subject matter of these terms of use, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.[To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.][We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.][We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.][We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.][We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.]Indemnity You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms of use[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use].Breaches of these terms of use Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms of use, if you breach these terms of use in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.Variation We may revise these terms of use from time to time. Revised terms of use will apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms of use on our website.Entire agreement Subject to the first paragraph of Section [8], these terms of use[, together with our privacy policy,] constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of our website.PrivacyOur Policy for Protecting Your Online Privacy Autonomous Solutions, Inc. (ASI) respects the privacy of its customers, business partners and website visitors. The ASI Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the information we collect, how we obtain the information, and how we may use or disclose that information. This Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how individuals can contact us about our privacy practices.Scope This Policy covers our privacy practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information obtained through:1.	Interaction with ASIrobots.com and other websites managed by Autonomous Solutions, Inc. (“ASI website properties”), including official ASI social media websites. 2.	Third party resources including marketing automation systems, email tools and customer relationship management solutions. Please review this Policy carefully. By visiting and using ASI website properties, you accept and agree to our privacy practices.Information We Collect You may visit any ASI website properties without providing any Personal Identifiable Information (PII) about yourself. When you submit a form to contact us or seek additional information we request that you provide personal information including, but not limited to, personal name, company name and address, mailing address, email address, telephone number, how you first heard about ASI and project details. Personal information also includes navigational information, which can directly or indirectly identify an individual. Navigational information refers to details about your website visits, including, but not limited to, your IP address, usage patterns, traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access, as well as information about your computer or connected device, including your operating system and browser type.How We Collect Information As further described below, we collect information from visitors to ASI website properties from several sources:fill out forms on an ASI website;submit data and content through an ASI website or ASI social media channel;enter a contest or promotion we sponsor;report a problem with an ASI website;contact us;request product or partnering information;complete our surveys; orsubscribe to our emails. We collect information from third parties as follows: ASI automatically collects reporting and analytics information from third parties, such as Google Analytics, in connection with your navigation through ASI websites. We will never use, nor will we allow third parties to use, these statistical analytics tools to track or collect any Personally Identifiable Information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information through a web form on our website. We use cookies to collect information. A cookie is a small text file that is used to store or log small amounts of information. This information is collected for traffic analysis only. Cookies do not collect personal information nor can they introduce viruses to your computer. The information provided by cookies is used to evaluate visitor usage of ASI websites and to compile statistical reports on website activity for ASI. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting to refuse cookies, our system will continue to issue cookies when you visit ASI website properties. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. You may also set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. See more detailed information about what cookies are and how we use them under “Session Cookies and Other Forms of Automated Collection” below.How We Use Information Collected We use information we collect about visitors to ASI website properties for the following purposes:To present ASI website properties and their contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device.To diagnose and resolve technical problems with an ASI website.To improve the performance ASI website properties.To provide you with information, products or services you request from us.To provide usage reports to internal and external stakeholders.To provide reporting to Customers who provide information, applications and other services.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and ASI, including without limitation, ASI Terms and Conditions.To notify you about changes to an ASI website or obtain any required consent.To allow you to participate in interactive features of an ASI website, when you choose to do so.For industry analysis, benchmarking, analytics, marketing, and other business purposes.To track your browsing behavior, such as the pages you visited over time.To improve your content experience as an email subscriber.To improve your experience as a visitor to ASI websites. For example, ASI uses a third party for reporting and analytics to measure the effectiveness of our ASI website properties, marketing efforts for ASI websites (for example, the effectiveness of email promotions) and to identify areas for improvement.Session Cookies and Other Forms of Automated Collection We use “session cookies” to help us improve ASI website properties and your experiences with them. These cookies help us obtain information about your general Internet usage and to:Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our ASI websites.Speed up your searches.Recognize when you return to an ASI website.Notice when you visit select webpages.Identify what content offers you have viewed or downloaded. We use third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within and after you visit our website. These companies can also send their own cookies. Please note that if an advertiser asks us to show an advertisement to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. We only authorize our third-party ad servers to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. These third-party ad servers do not collect, nor do we give them access, to any Personally Identifiable Information about you. If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently you must visit each ad network's Web site individually and opt-out (if they offer this capability). Currently, we have relationships with Google AdWords. If you would like to be opted-out of these, audience management and behavioral targeting cookies, please visit the individual ad network at the link provided: Google AdWords: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads For more information about how cookies work and how they can be managed, visit the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB). The IAB is an industry body that develops standards and guidelines to support online business processes.Sharing of Information We Collect We do not share, sell, rent or trade your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. We may disclose personal information that you provide to us to the following third parties:Our subsidiaries and affiliates.Contractors, business partners and service providers we use to support our business or who provide services on our behalf. Personal information is shared only to the extent necessary for the third party to provide specific services or functions. These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing requirements and are restricted from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal information for any other purpose.In the event of merger, acquisition, or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation), in which case personal information held by us about our website visitors will be among the assets transferred to the buyer or acquirer.If you ask us to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you, we may use your personal information or permit selected third parties to use your personal information to provide you with such services. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties to:Comply with any court order or other legal obligation.Government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests).Enforce or apply our ASI Terms and Conditions or terms of any other agreement.Protect the rights, property, or safety of ASI, our business partners or our customers.Prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of a legal process. Users may withdraw consent at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located in the emails sent by ASI or through your user preference settings. For more information, see the section; Communication Preferences and Choices below.Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation ASI limits collection of personal information to that which is relevant for the purposes of processing. We will not process such personal information in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current.Security Statement ASI maintains reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the personal information obtained from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information You may send us an email at privacy@asirobots.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information you have provided to us in connection with the ASI website. We will make reasonable efforts to respond to such requests, but reserve the right to enforce reasonable limits in cases where the legitimate rights of persons other than the individual would be violated or where the burden or cost of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual's privacy.Communication Preferences and Choices We provide certain choices regarding the information website visitors provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information when using ASI websites. If you do not wish to have your email address used for promotional purposes by ASI, you may withdraw consent at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located in the emails sent by ASI or by contacting us at: privacy@asirobots.com.Third Party Websites and Applications ASI websites may link to other websites that are not owned or controlled by ASI. As such, this Policy does not apply to information collected on any third-party site or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from ASI websites.Changes to Our Privacy Statement ASI reserves the right to update or change this Policy from time to time. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you through an appropriate online notice (and obtain your consent where required by applicable law). Your continued use of ASI websites or services is deemed to be acceptance of any updates or changes we make to this Policy and as such, we ask that you review the Policy periodically for any updates or changes we may have made.Contact Information To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices, or if you need to update, change or remove your information, contact us at privacy@asirobots.com, or
Attn. Privacy Autonomous Solutions, Inc. 990 N 8000 W Mendon, UT 84325