https://atos.net/en/terms-of-use
Terms and conditionsYou are now connected to the Atos public Internet Site. This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the conditions of on which you may make use of our Atos website (https://atos.net) referred herein after as “the Website”. Please read these Conditions of use carefully before you start to use the Website.AcceptanceThe information and content contained in the Website are provided subject to the following Terms and Conditions Your access to this Website and continued usage constitutes complete acceptance of these terms and conditions.Purpose of the WebsiteThe present site is intended to provide information about Atos and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Atos”), its organization, the products and services offered by its divisions, and its share performance. However, this information represents only a presentation of Atos’s products and services and is not contractually binding. To enter into any form of contractual agreement, please contact the parent company or one of its subsidiaries directly.Warranties and liabilityThe information provided on this site is free of charge and for informational purposes only and does not create a business or professional services relationship between you and Atos. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk. Although Atos uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in this Website, this Website may include inaccuracies, outdated information or typographical errors. Therefore, Atos makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information contained herein. Further, Atos assumes no liability, obligation or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this site. The use of the elements of this Website, any information included therein as well as the access to this site are of the sole responsibility of the user. Atos disclaims any liability for any damage whatsoever, including without limitation the indirect, consequential or incidental damages, including but not limited to lost profits or revenues, business interruption, loss of data arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or reliance on any material contained in this site or any linked site that may result from access to this site and the use in whole or in part of the elements or information contained therein. Atos does not guarantee in any way uninterrupted access to this Website as well as the security of the site and the absence of any viruses or other undesirable hosts (including in the elements of the Website and in the information which is incorporated there).ModificationAtos can modify and update at any moment, and without any kind of notice, the content published on this Website or any other contained information.Third party websitesThis Website provides links to third-party websites, which are not under the control of and are not maintained by Atos. Such links are provided for your convenience and do not imply approval or endorsement by Atos of the linked sites. Atos has not reviewed any or all of the sites linked to this site and is thus not responsible for the content of those sites or any of the off-site pages or any other sites linked to those sites.Uploading material to the WebsiteAny information or request for information that you may send to Atos via the site or via e-mail to which the site may give access, is considered non-confidential. Atos does not assume any obligation to monitor the information that you may post on its Website. By submitting any information or material, you give the Company an unlimited and irrevocable license to use, execute, show, modify and transmit such information, Material or comments, including any underlying idea, concept or know-how (the term “Material” is intended to cover all projects, files or other attachments sent to us). The Company reserves the right to use such information in any way it chooses. Atos reserves the right at all times, in its sole discretion, to screen content submitted by you and to edit, move, delete, and/or refuse to accept any content that in Atos’s judgment violates these Terms of Use or is otherwise unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. You warrant that any information, materials, projects, files, attachments or comments sent to us, other than personal data, that you may transmit to Atos through the Website does not infringe intellectual property rights or any other applicable law. Such information provided will be treated as non-confidential. By submitting material on this Website, you grant Atos, and anyone authorized by Atos, a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, transmit, sell, exploit, create derivative works from, distribute, and/or publicly perform or display such material, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium (whether now known or hereafter developed), for any purpose that Atos may choose.Applicable LawIn the event that any portion of these Terms and Conditions is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties and the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Atos’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between any party referred to herein nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these Terms and Conditions.These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with French law. Any cause of action against Atos must be commenced in France.Press ReleasesAtos press releases are presented on this Website for historical purposes only. The information provided by Atos was accurate at the time of release, subject to the disclaimer about forward-looking statements, which was printed concurrently with the announcement. Investors should not assume that statements made in these documents remain in effect at a later time. Atos does not review past postings to determine whether they remain accurate, and information contained in such postings may be superseded. Atos disclaims any obligation to update the statements or press releases. The financial information that may be accessed through this page speaks only as of the particular date or dates of its origination. Such information may have become out of date. Atos does not undertake any obligation, and disclaims any duty, to update any of the information available through this page. Atos’s future financial performance is subject to various trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. The trends, risks and uncertainties that could affect Atos’s future financial results are discussed more fully in Atos’s reports filed with the AMF, including Atos’s Annual Report for the most recent fiscal year.Notice of intellectual property rightsThis website is protected by intellectual property rights and is the exclusive property of Atos. Any material that it contains, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, information, motifs, logos, designs and databases, pictures, sounds, videos, logos, icons or html code is protected under intellectual property law and remains Atos’ or third party’s property. You may use this material for personal and non-commercial purposes in accordance with the principles governing intellectual property law. Any other use or modification of the content of the Company’s website without the Company’s prior written authorization is prohibited. Except where expressly stated to the contrary, all intellectual property rights in the contained in this site including the domain names, organization and layout of the site and the software used in relation to the site are owned by the Atos. Atos owns a portfolio of registered and unregistered trademarks including but not limited to Atos, the Atos logo and the Atos globe are registered trademarks of the Atos group.All other trade marks referred to on the site are the trademarks of their respective owners and you will require their specific authorization should you wish to use any of the trade marks. You may not reproduce or store any part of this site in any other web site, document management system or electronic retrieval system (via screen-scraping or otherwise) without Atos’ prior written permission. You must not use any part of the materials on this site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from Atos. If you print off, copy or download any part of this site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use this site will cease immediately and you must, at Atos’ option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. Any rights not expressly granted in this notice are reserved.Data Protection and PrivacyPlease check our Privacy PolicyModification of these terms of useAtos can modify at any time and without notice these terms of use and therefore encourages you to regularly read the terms of use.Legal noticesAtos.net is registered and owned by Atos SE, a European public limited-liability company (“Societas Europaea”), duly organised and validly existing under the laws of France having its registered office at River Ouest 80, Quai Voltaire, 95870 Bezons, France whose company number at the Commercial registry of Pontoise is 323 623 603. Tel: +33 1 73 26 00 00