https://atril.com/legal-notice/
Legal Notice
Home/Legal Notice
Legal Notice
Atril
2018-06-25T16:58:49+00:00
This website is the property of ATRIL Solutions, company organized under French law. ATRIL Solutions (SARL with registered capital of 12,000 €)
250 RUE MADELEINE REBERIOUX 59000 LILLE, France
Read more here.
Trade and Companies Register (RCS) of Boulogne sur Mer: B500 107 925 SIRET No.: 500 107 925 00017 VAT: FR52500107925
Data Protection Act
In accordance with the law, we inform you that this site has filed a declaration regarding the automated processing of personal data with the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) under the number 1346455
French Law No. 78-17 of 6th January 1978 on data processing, files and personal rights: each user has the right to access and edit their own personal data held by ATRIL. Therefore, the user may request the ATRIL company, by mail or email, that the information be edited, completed or deleted.
Why an ambassador program
Atril would not be successful without its exceptional community of early adopters, passionate users, beta testers and partners. They give us feedback and hold us to high standards. This allows us to continue to develop the best solutions for users worldwide.
Intellectual Property Rights
Rights ownership
All the elements (texts, logos, images, sound effects, software, icons, page layouts, databases…) contained on the Site and associated sites are protected by national and international law on intellectual property. These elements remain the exclusive property of ATRIL S.A.R.L. and/or its partners.
Violation of these rights may constitute an act of forgery and will open the perpetrator to civil and criminal proceedings.
Brands
The brands and logos reproduced on this site are registered by the companies owning them. Any reproduction, reprinting or redistribution of names or logos, by whatever means, without the prior written consent of their respective owners is forbidden by law.
Hypertext links to the Site
With the exception of sites posting information and/or content of an illegal nature and/or of a political, religious, pornographic, xenophobic nature, you may create a hypertext link towards the Site from your site, subject to the link being directed towards the welcome Page of the Site and that the link opens the Site in a new navigation window with the http://www.atril.com address.
The creation of hypertext links does not in any way authorize the reproduction of materials featured in the Site or their presentation inside frames or related systems.
Lastly, the creation of hypertext links does not in any way authorize the proposition to send pre-designed messages to addresses related to this Site, or the creation of a system allowing the mass distribution of any kind of message.
However, in regard to the present authorization, ATRIL S.A.R.L. has the right to object any authorization previously given.
Privacy Policy
Atril Solutions respects your right to privacy. We created this privacy statement to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. Atril Solutions is committed to respecting and protecting your right to privacy and takes your privacy seriously. We have privacy policies and we strive to keep your personal and financial information secure. To that end, we have prepared this privacy policy to disclose and describe our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
Personal Data
Atril Solutions will not collect any personal data about you unless you voluntarily choose to provide us with it (e.g. by registration, surveys, etc.). Atril Solutions is the sole owner of the information collected on our web sites. Under no circumstances will we share your customer information with anyone other than those directly involved with the purchase and shipment of your order, unless you explicitly give us permission to do so. We may use your e-mail address to notify you of special offers and promotions that you are eligible to participate in as a registered customer. You may decline this service at any time.
Purpose of Use
When you do provide us with personal data, we usually use it to respond to your inquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific information or offers. Also, to support our customer relationship with you: • We may store and process personal data and share it with our partners to better understand your business needs and how we can improve the products we sell and the services we provide. • We (or a third party on our behalf) may use personal data to contact you about an Atril Solutions offer in support of your business needs or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers’ needs. • If you choose not to have your personal data used to support our customer relationship (e.g. email marketing, telemarketing, direct marketing or market research), we will respect your choice. We do not sell or otherwise market your personal data to third parties, except to Atril Solutions partners.
Non-Personal Data Collected Automatically
When you access our web site, we may automatically (i.e., not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of Internet browser and operating system used, IP address, domain name of the Web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). We use this data to monitor web interaction, analyze trends, improve performance and content and study the needs of customers more closely. This will be performed in accordance with the applicable data privacy protection legal framework.
Use of Cookies
When you view one of our Web sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a “cookie” to automatically recognize your PC next time you visit. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a Web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. If you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Registration Forms
Atril Solutions offers promotions or access to some services that require registration. We may use your business contact information to send notification to you of Atril Solutions products and services by e-mail and/or postal mail. We do not share this information with anyone other than the partner that manufacturers the product, unless you explicitly give us permission to do so.
Information Collected When Making a Purchase
If you are purchasing something from Atril Solutions, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fill your order and to notify you of your order status. This business contact information may also be used by us to notify you of related products and services. Credit card and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for any purpose except as provided in this Privacy Policy without your express permission.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Atril Solutions will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required or permitted by law including: 1. Protect and defend the rights or property of the Atril Solutions network of sites and related properties, or visitors to the Atril Solutions network of sites and related properties, 2. Identify persons who may be violating the law, the Atril Solutions legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the Atril Solutions Network or its related properties, 3. Filling a user’s order or request.
Security
To protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration and against unauthorized disclosure or access, Atril Solutions uses reasonable commercial efforts to secure its computer and networks systems. Atril Solutions will not be responsible for unauthorized access to its computer and network systems nor for the disclosure or destruction of personal information. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Children
Atril Solutions does not sell products or services for purchase by children under the age of eighteen (“Minors”).Atril Solutions does not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from Minors, and Atril Solutions will not knowingly link to any third party web site that solicits or collects personal information from Minors. If you believe that a Minor has disclosed personal information to Atril Solutions or that Atril Solutions has linked to such a third party web site, please contact us at contact@atril.com so that the information and/or link can be removed.
Links to Other Websites
Atril Solutions’ web site contains links to third party web sites. Atril Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers.
Questions and Comments
Atril Solutions will respond to reasonable requests to review your personal data and to correct, amend or delete any inaccuracies. If you have any questions or comments about Atril Solutions’ Web Security and Privacy Policy (e.g. to review and update your personal data), please email us at contact@atril.com or call us direct at +33 149  709 560.
Consent
By using the Atril Solutions web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by Atril Solutions as specified above. We reserve the right to modify this policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please send any questions about Atril Solutions’ Privacy Policy to: contact@atril.com.
Our Partners
modalDVX4