http://audiblethinking.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Our Team
Services
How it works
Testimonials
Portfolio
Contact
Free Website Diagnosis
Does your Website convert?
Does your Website rank on the 1st page of search results?
Does your Website increase your sales?
Free Website Review OR Get Custom Proposal
Privacy Policy
At AudibleThinking, we respect the privacy of our web site visitors. We do
use information you provide to better serve your business needs. We also
recognize that this information belongs to you and that we must respect that
fact. The following statement spells out our privacy policy in more detail. The
policy applies to www.AudibleThinking.com and other sites on the World Wide Web owned and operated by AudibleThinking. If
there are changes to this policy in the future, information concerning the
change will be posted on this webpage.
Our Use of Personal and Non-Personal Information
We collect two kinds of information about our on-line visitors, personal and
non-personal information. Visitors are not required to register to access the
public pages of AudibleThinking’s site. Non-personal information is collected
to track the total number of guests visiting AudibleThinking.com and to guide our
efforts to improve our site. The non-personal information we monitor includes
the browser type and operating system being used by our visitors; areas of the
sites visited; date and time of access; host or service-provider information,
and identification of the referring site. This information is used exclusively
for our internal purposes and is not disclosed to any third parties.
Personal information that can identify a visitor, such as name, address or
policy information is collected only when voluntarily offered and solely for
purposes that are clearly identified on our site. Access to pages with content
specific to agents, or customers is password-protected and requires
pre-registration. Personal information acquired through registration is kept
confidential and will not be disclosed to third parties except as may be
required by law. AudibleThinking does not seek personal information from children.
Our Use of “Cookies”
AudibleThinking may place an electronic "cookie" in the browser
files of a visitor’s computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site
transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes.
Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about
our visitors; however, they do allow AudibleThinking to analyze visitors’ use
of our sites. This analysis helps us better understand which areas of our sites
are most useful and popular so we can plan improvements and updates
accordingly. AudibleThinking does not use cookies to retrieve information from
a visitor’s computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
Internet Communication
The privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, because
the Internet is not a secure medium. AudibleThinking does not assume any
responsibility for any harm, loss, or damage you may experience or incur by the
sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet by or to AudibleThinking.
Consent
By using this site, you signify your consent to AudibleThinking’s on-line
privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this
site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to update, change, modify, add,
or remove portions of this policy from time to time.
Do You Have Questions?
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact:
AudibleThinking, LLC
5322 Royal Parkway
Friendswood, TX.
77546
281-648-7771
See some of our client TESTIMONIALS
Jon, I dont know if I have told you this or not but we have killed the print Yellow Pages this year! We arent going to renew our ad because our money is much better spent with you and what you are doing.
Thank you,
Lanny Herrod
More Info
- PaintingProfessionals.com
Free Website DIAGNOSTIC REVIEW
Questions or Comments:
Come Join
Our SOCIAL NETWORK
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Newsletter
Featured Client PORTFOLIO
View Portfolio
Our Services
Brand Development
Local Business Advertising
Pay Per Click Management
Sales Funnel Development
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media Optimization
Website Development
SEO Content Writing
How It Works
Planning & Development
Search Engine Marketing & Promotion
Tracking & Measurement
Our Work
Portfolio
Testimonials
About Us
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2011 AudibleThinking, LLC. All Rights Reserved.