https://auto-it.com/privacy/
Privacy | Disclaimer | Copyright
This work is copyright. You may reproduce this material for your personal, non-commercial use or use within your organisation. You may distribute copies of downloaded material in unaltered, complete form only (retaining any logos, graphical elements, sounds, images, headers and footers). You must not incorporate names on this website into any mailing list.
No sound, logo, image or other graphical or audible element appearing on this website may be reproduced in whole or in part except as part of downloaded material used in accordance with the previous paragraph.
The design or layout of the Auto-IT website must not be copied or imitated in whole or in part except as part of downloaded material used in accordance with the previous paragraphs.
Apart from any use as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968, all other rights are reserved.
Auto-IT Pty Ltd has taken every care to ensure that the material on this website is accurate and up to date. However, Auto-IT Pty Ltd does not guarantee or give any warranty in relation to the material contained on this website. As appropriate, users should take action to independently confirm the currency, accuracy and completeness of any material on this website before relying on that material in any matter. The material on this website is made available on the understanding that Auto-IT Pty Ltd is not engaged in rendering professional advice. It may not be exhaustive of all the information available on a particular issue.
In some cases, material on this website may incorporate or summarise views, standards or recommendations of third parties. Auto-IT Pty Ltd does not in all cases independently verify the results of research.
In some cases the material on this website deals with technology that is highly complex and continually developing. Caution should be applied when using the material to ensure that it is adequate and appropriate for a particular purpose. Users should check that they can access the necessary technical skills and experience to accurately interpret and correctly use the material.
Links to other websites are inserted for convenience and do not constitute endorsement of material at those sites or any associated organisation, product or service. Although every care is taken where links to other websites are provided, Auto-IT Pty Ltd cannot guarantee the suitability or accuracy of any of the material that this website links to. Consequently, Auto-IT Pty Ltd accepts no responsibility for unsuitable or inaccurate material that may be encountered.
Auto-IT Pty Ltd makes no representations about the content and suitability of this information for any purpose. It is provided “as is” without express or implied warranty.
Auto-IT Pty Ltd disclaims all warranties with regard to this information, including all implied warranties or merchantability and fitness. In no event shall Auto-IT Pty Ltd be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, rising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this information.
Privacy Statement
Auto-I.T. has a unique and valued relationship with its clients. Part of that relationship is founded upon a genuine respect for your privacy and that of your personal and business information. From December 21st 2001, new sections of the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988 set out a range of additional issues affecting the use, protection of and access to your personal information. The purpose of this document is to articulate Auto-I.T.’s position on these issues with respect to:
how we collect information
why we collect it
who we make it available to and why
how you can access it
accuracy of your information
secure storage of your information
In the course of doing business with Auto-I.T., we may at times be required to gather information about you or your business. The reasons for collecting this information can vary and may include the following:
to identify you as an authorized person to act on behalf of the business you represent or own
to make an accurate assessment on how best to resolve a technical issue with respect to the use of one of our products
to provide accurate and relevant guidance to you with respect to procedures and practices within your business relevant to or connected with the use of our products or consulting services
to ensure we are able to contact you efficiently for accounts-related issues
to better understand your business requirements and translate those into more advanced products and services
to provide you with tailored information and marketing material relevant to an enquiry
There are a number of ways in which we collect information, including:
directly from you – at the time of enquiry about or purchase of a solution
from an employee or representative of your company (e.g. external accountant)
from public domain sources like industry bodies and directories
from our web sites
through telephone support calls made by you or a representative
Occasionally, this information is made available to organizations or individuals outside Auto-I.T. and may include the following:
installation, maintenance and repair servicesI.T. consulting services
your representatives – internal or externalcredit providers, where such providers are instrumental in the execution of a purchase
our own advisers in such issues as law, accounting and auditing
debt collection agencies
government or regulatory bodies where required or authorized by law
your Managers/Directors in Help Desk call-reports when required
In certain circumstances, we may refuse access to your information. Such situations may include:
providing access would have an unreasonable impact upon the privacy of other individuals; or
the request for access is frivolous or vexatious; or
the information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between the organisation and the individual, and the information would not be accessible by the process of discovery in those proceedings; or
providing access would reveal the intentions of the organisation in relation to negotiations with the individual in such a way as to prejudice those negotiations; or
providing access would be unlawful; ordenying access is required or authorised by or under law; or
providing access would be likely to prejudice an investigation of possible unlawful activity; or
an enforcement body performing a lawful security function asks the organisation not to provide access to the information on the basis that providing access would be likely to cause damage to the security of Australia.
Further information about access rights to your information can be obtained from the Office of the Federal Privacy Commissioner:
Privacy Hotline on 1300-363-992their web site at www.privacy.gov.auThe Federal Privacy Commissioner: GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW 1042
The information we hold about you is only as accurate as the information supplied by you or your representative/s.
For this reason, it’s very important that you contact us when changes to your details are imminent or you suspect that information we’re holding about you is inaccurate. You can either contact us in writing at the address above or via email.
Security and protection of your personal information is a priority.
Protection of your information from unauthorized or unlawful use has always been an important issue for us. Access to your information is given only to authorized personnel and is protected through multiple layers of network and program security.
Data collected through our web site is stored on a server that is protected through multiple hard and soft security layers. These include firewalls, virus protection agents and physical access protection via security codes and security personnel. These protection layers are provided by a third party who specializes in the hosting and protection of web sites and the data they contain. Financial data submitted on our web site through our Online Order Facility (like credit card information) is protected through a 128-bit security key and is for all intents and purposes, secure from unauthorized access. Any information you elect to submit online however, particularly outside of this area (like Feedback or Support forms) or via email cannot be guaranteed 100% to be secure and you should proceed accordingly.
Any information we hold about you is always available for you to review and amend.
It is important that information held about you is relevant, accurate and beneficial to both parties. As such, you are welcome to request a copy of all the information we hold about you. You can make this request by any of the following methods:
Privacy OfficerAuto-I.T. Pty LtdLevel 7, Building 4, World Trade Centre18-38 Siddeley Street , Docklands, VIC 3008Send an email to our Privacy Officer
Please note that we will need to take reasonable steps to identify you before providing you with the information you require. We may also levy a fee for the costs incurred in the search and recovery of your information.
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Email
More Networks
Share via
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Mix
Email
Print
Copy Link
Powered by Social Snap
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap