http://avlux.net/about/policies/privacy
Performance and Flexibility
Get the Most from your Host
Premium Hosting
Custom Hosting Plans
Wordpress Hosting
Redmine Hosting
Rails Hosting
Domain Names
Source Control
Servers & VPSs
Standard Servers
Custom Servers
Rails & Redmine
Redmine Hosting
Rails Hosting
Rails Podcasts
Rails Documentation
Source Control
Subversion Hosting
Redmine Integration
Subversion Book
Subversion FAQ
Help & Support
Go to Help Desk
Contact Info
About AVLUX
What Customers Say
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use
About Us
Sitemap
Privacy
AVLUX Enterprises is committed to the privacy of our clients. We have developed the following policy to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices.
We collect certain information from clients for administrative functions. None of the information collected for these functions is provided to any outside party for any reason.
AVLUX is certified to be PCI Compliant.
From time to time we receive inquiries for examples of sites that we host. If you would like to have your site available for such use, please advise us at sales@avlux.net. No information other than your site name will be provided to the individual making the inquiry. Personal information that may be displayed on the client site is the responsibility of the client.
Security measures are in place to protect against loss, alteration, or misuse of data collected. Clients are responsible for ensuring that only they or their authorized designees utilize their accounts. Suspected incidents of unauthorized use of a client account should be reported immediately to us at abuse@avlux.net.
AVLUX warrants that the privacy and security of customer data will be guarded and respected at all times. Private files, the contents of data repositories, email, and any other forms of proprietary customer information will not be disclosed to any person or party without the express written authorization of the customer.
In the case of Subversion repositories, the initial recipient of the customer setup email becomes the super-administrator for their repositories, and as such is responsible for setting administrator access on each repository, and adding and managing users. AVLUX provides a Subversion User Management Control Panel to facilitate adding, deleting and changing passwords. There is no other access to repository data, except to those who are explicitly authorized by the administrators.
This site contains links to resources outside the AVLUX Enterprises, LLC web site. AVLUX is not responsible for the content of those sites.
Home
|  Redmine Hosting
|  Radiant Hosting
|  Rails Hosting
|  SCM Hosting
|  About
|  Sitemap
|  Contact Us
Copyright © MMI–MMXX, AVLUX Enterprises, LLC.
All rights reserved.
Powered by Ruby, Rails,
and Radiant CMS.