https://avnitech.com/privacy.aspx
AvnTech, privacy policy
AvniTech Privacy Policy
First and foremost, we do not directly collect any personal information from you for visiting and browsing any of our web sites, namely, avnitech.com, whizfolders.com and showsize.com. The kind of information we collect is described below.
Software Purchase
We only sell our software through selected software stores, namely, Microsoft Store and FastSpring Store. Hence, when you buy software by using an order form on one of the above Store's web site, you should consult the Privacy Policy on that web site in order to find out how they collect your information and keep it safe.
Contact Forms
When you use a contact form on our web site to ask a question, you voluntarily provide your email address and name to us so that we can reply you. We only use this information to reply to your query. We do not store it on our web site.
Links to other web sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site to go another web site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. You should consult the Privacy Policy on that other web site in order to find out how they collect your information and keep it safe.
Collecting information on web site pages visited by storing Cookies in your Web Browser
Cookies are small files that web browsers may store on your computer when you visit a web site. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the information pages you visit on the web site.
Copyright (C) 2003-2020, AvniTech Solutions
Privacy Policy