http://avpsoft.com/privacy/
Home |
Buy Now |
Support |
Contact Us
Tweet
Home
Products
APBackup
APFill Ink Coverage Meter
Universal Desktop Ruler
TimeToPhoto
Save2FTP
Reviews
Our Customers
Products' Awards
Reviews & User Testimonials
Press room
Order Now
Buy Online
Get a Discount
Find a Local Reseller
Renew License (One year upgrades)
Upgrade and Renewal Policy
Support
General Information
User Manuals ...
APBackup User's Manual
APFill User's Manual
TimeToPhoto User's Manual
Universal Desktop Ruler User's Manual
FAQ ...
APBackup
APFill Ink Coverage Meter
Support Forum
Contact Us
Forum
Blog
Related Links
ProductsSupportContact UsForum
Latest news
The new version of APFill 6.1 is available for download.
The new version of APFill 6.0 is available for download.
The new version of TimeToPhoto 3.0
has been released.
News archive...
Blog recent posts
New version of APFill 6.1 Example of configuring an Excel template in APFill software to display the page size in inches or millimeters New version of APFill 6.0 New version of TimeToPhoto 3.0 APFill Coverage Calculator: automatic mode with parallel processing of PDF files Read more...
Support Forum recent topics
Blocked by anti-virus programs lounching APFill from VBA Resume Backup if drive is disconnected Again a Can`t copy Error Area (auto) function Magnifier Window Download Previous Versions Registration Code Q: Error code: -100 two dates Read more...
Newsletter Signup
Keep up-to-date with our free newsletters
E-mail:
Reviews & Testimonials
"We found Time to Photo from a google search - time/date stamp on photos- you were the first one we found and we liked the free
trial period but we went ahead and registed right away.
It is so easy to use!..."
Pam
More reviews...
Home »
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is processed and
used. We promise to only use your personal information in ways that are compatible
with this Privacy Policy. The Terms of Use agreement governs your use of this
Web site and other digital content available through it.
Secured Credit Card Orders
Ordering our products on-line with a Credit Card is 100% safe. Our billing is
provided by world leading software reseller - PayPro Global, Inc.
All credit cards verifications are made using secured channels. In addition,
credit card numbers are not archived on server. The purchaser's
name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and other information
are encrypted using SSL (Secure Socket Layers) when passed to the credit card
processing company. This is necessary for processing and fulfilling orders and
for providing notification of the order status. If you don't wish to disclose your
credit card number, feel free to use other ordering methods such as phone, fax,
bank/wire transfer, or the regular post, using a mail order with a bank check.
Personal Information
We collect basic contact information when you order any of our products. This information is
used for administrative and identification purposes only, and will NOT be shared
with our partners or third parties. This information may also be used by us to notify
you of related products, updates, etc.
Our Software
The software distributed on our Web site does not collect any personal
information or send such information to our servers. We encourage you to
only download the software directly from our Web site, or from authorized software
archives and mirrors to avoid potential security risks.
Server Log Files
We use anonymized IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's
movement patterns, and gather broad information for aggregate use.
Anonymized IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to Third Party Web sites
This site may contain links to Web sites owned by third parties. These
links appear as resources associated with individual articles. These links are
provided solely as a convenience to you and are not an endorsement by
AVPSoft of the contents of those other sites. AVPSoft is not responsible for
the content of any linked sites and makes no representation regarding the
content or accuracy of materials on such sites. If you decide to visit any
third-party sites using links from this site, you do so at your own risk.
Links to Us
You may refer to our Web site's materials, recommend our software products,
etc.
Contact Us
E-mail is the primary means of communication with us for our clients and Web
site visitors. Use the contact information provided on the Contacts page to
send us your questions, comments, or suggestions. Web site visitors may also
use our forum to send us their questions, comments, or suggestions in regard
to our products or Web site content. You may submit notifications of broken
links, communicate privacy terms, and submit praise or complaints.
For More Information
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy or terms
of use of this site, feel free to contact us via e-mail
at support@avpsoft.com
[back to top]
Last updated
10/12/2020 08:53
Home | Products | Order Now | User Testimonials | Support | Contact Us | Press room | Forum |
©Copyright AVPSoft.com 2002-2020Privacy Policy and Terms of Use