https://awebstore.com/terms-of-service.html
OFFICIAL TERMS OF SERVICE
HAVE A QUESTION FOR KEN FREEMAN?LegalTerms of UseThanks for using Ken Freeman Sales.Please read these Terms carefully. By using Ken Freeman Sales or signing up for an account, you’re agreeing to these Terms, which will result in a legal agreement between you and Ken Freeman Sales (“Agreement”). We’ll start with the basics, including a few definitions that should help you understand these Terms. Ken Freeman Sales (“Ken Freeman Sales,” “we,” or “us”) is an online marketing platform (the “Service”) offered through and for the benefit of Visitors of the URL www.awebstore.com (we’ll refer to it as the “Website”) that allows you to, among other things, create a pregnancy calculation. Ken Freeman Sales is a Texas Proprietorship whose legal name is Ken Freeman d/b/a Ken Freeman Sales. Ken Freeman Sales has no employees, but uses independent contractors, and representatives (“our Team”). As a customer of the Service or a representative of an entity that’s a customer of one the training services or published programs, you’re a “Visitor” according to this Agreement (or “you”).These Terms of Use (“Terms,” including our Acceptable Use Policy, Copyright and Trademark Policy, and Brand Guidelines define the terms and conditions under which you’re allowed to use the Service in accordance with the Agreement, and how we’ll treat your account while you’re a Member. If you don’t agree to these Terms, you must immediately discontinue your use of the Service.Some features of the Service are offered as add-on services or resources to your Ken Freeman Sales, “ThePregnancyTest.com” account (“Add-ons”). Unless expressly stated otherwise, these Terms apply to the use of Add-ons. Some Add-ons are intended for particular use cases and may also have additional terms or restrictions (“Additional Terms”). Additional Terms for Add-ons can be found on the Website at lastharvest.org/terms-of-service, and Members agree to the applicable Additional Terms at the time they choose to add the corresponding Add-on.Ken Freeman Sales “Network of sites” does not use Google Maps to provide certain features of the Service, and, as a result, we are not contractually obligated to make our Members aware of certain terms related to the use of such features. Therefore, you acknowledge and agree that by using the pregnancy test or calculator, you may also be bound by the terms and conditions of the variety of tools needed to run awebstore.com website. Thus, you should access our privacy policy to better understand how this site uses your data.
The only site using Google maps are indicated below with ** after the name. Thus we are obligated to tell you how we use maps and how use of the map places you under the privacy policies and Terms of Service of Google.OUR TERMS OF SERVICE APPLY TO ALL OF OUR WEBSITES* LastHarvest.org
Aquestforhope.com
AfterAbortionSurvey.com
* AfterAbortionTraining.com
* AfterAbortionTraining.com/basics/
* AfterAbortionTraining.com/men/
AdvanceCenterTraining.com
* AdvanceCenterTraining.com/board/
* AdvanceCenterTraining.com/directors/
* AdvanceCenterTraining.com/client-advocates/
* AdvanceCenterTraining.com/churchadvocate/
* AdvanceCenterTraining.com/volunteers/
* AdvocatesofLife.org
Considering-Abortion.com **
Contributelife.com **
DoesAbortionHurt.com
* FreeMeToLive.com
FreeMeToLive.com/course/
Freemetolive.com/men2/
FindPregnancyHelp.com **
MyMemorial.org
SomeoneCaresRadio.com
ThePregnancyTest.com
Unplanned-Pregnancy.com
* Awebstore.com
* Hosting-Master.com
*Sites that require a payment for services rendered; LastHarvest.org asks visitors to contribute to the work of the ministry via PAYPAL.
Thus, any contributions to the ministry, fall under the Privacy Policy and TERMS OF SERVICE of PAYPAL.If you have any questions about our Terms, feel free to contact us.ACCOUNT1. EligibilityIn order to use the Service, you must:be at least eighteen (18) years old and able to enter into contracts;
complete the registration process;
agree to these Terms;
provide true, complete, and up-to-date contact and billing information; and
not be based in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any other country that is subject to a U.S. government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist-supporting” country.
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you meet all the requirements listed above, and that you won’t use the Service in a way that violates any laws or regulations. Note that by representing and warranting, you are making a legally enforceable promise.Ken Freeman Sales may refuse service, close access of any users, and change eligibility requirements at any time.In order to use the Service, you must:2. TermWhen you sign up for any Ken Freeman Sales Service (Email List, training courses and center support services or any site that collects a registration to use our pregnancy test or After Abortion Survey) and agree to these Terms, the Agreement between you and Ken Freeman Sales is formed, and the term of the Agreement (the “Term”) will begin.
The Term will continue for as long as you have a Ken Freeman Sales training account or program agreement or until you or we terminate the Agreement in accordance with these Terms, whichever happens first. Entering your username and clicking the “Get Started” button and means that you’ve officially “signed” and accepted the Terms. If you sign up for the Service on behalf of a company or other entity, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to accept these Terms and enter into the Agreement on its behalf.3. Closing Your AccountYou or Ken Freeman Sales may terminate the Agreement at any time and for any reason by terminating your Ken Freeman Sales account or giving notice to the other party. We may suspend the Service to you at any time, with or without cause. If we terminate your account without cause, and your account is a paid account, we’ll refund a prorated portion of your monthly prepayment or reimburse you for unused email credits . We won’t refund or reimburse you in any other situation, including if your account is suspended or terminated for cause, like a breach or any violation of the Agreement. If your account is inactive for 24 or more months, we may terminate the account. Once your account is terminated, you acknowledge and agree that we may permanently delete your account and all the data associated with it, including your Campaigns. Usernames are unique and can only be used once. If your account has been terminated, the username will no longer be available for use on any future accounts and cannot be reclaimed.4. ChangesWe may change any of the Terms by posting revised Terms of Use on our Website and/or by notifying you of the new Terms by sending an email to the last email address you gave us or displaying prominent notice within the Service. Unless you terminate your account within 10 days, the new Terms will be effective immediately and apply to any continued or new use of the Service. We may change the Website, the Service, Add-ons, or any features of the Service at any time, and we may discontinue the Website, the Service, Add-ons, or any features of the Service at any time.5. Account and PasswordYou are responsible for keeping your account name and password confidential. You are also responsible for any account that you have access to and any activity occurring in such account (other than activity that Ken Freeman Sales is directly responsible for that isn’t performed in accordance with your instructions), whether or not you authorized that activity. You’ll immediately notify us of any unauthorized access or use of your accounts. We’re not responsible for any losses due to stolen or hacked passwords that are caused by or result from your negligence. We don’t have access to your current password, and for security reasons, we may only provide you with instructions on how to reset your password. We have the right to update any of your contact information in your account for billing purposes. In addition, you represent and warrant that all information you provide to us when you establish an account, and when you access and use the Service, is and will remain complete and accurate.6. Account DisputesWe do not know the inner workings of your organization or the nature of your personal relationships.
You won’t request access to or information about an account that’s not yours, and you’ll resolve any account-related disputes directly with the other party. We decide who owns an account based on the content in that account, and if multiple people or entities are identified in the content, then we’ll rely on the contact and profile information listed for that account. In cases where differing contact and profile information is present, we’ll require you to resolve the matter through proper channels outside of Ken Freeman Sales.When a dispute is identified, we may suspend any account associated with the dispute, including disabling login and sending capabilities, to protect the security and privacy of the data held within the account.PAYMENT7. Monthly PlansWhen you sign up for any Monthly Support Plan for the benefit of Ken Freeman Sales, or register for a hosting account on hosting-master.com or request a website to be built from awebstore.com you agree to either a one-time purchase fee or recurring billing.
Billing occurs on the same day each month, based on the date that you started the Monthly Plan. Billing for Monthly Support Plans may be paused, and you may choose to close your account permanently at any time. Support payments by credit card are for the express benefit of the Ken Freeman Sales’s published services and programs or for hosting services or web services.
Such fees are non-refundable and are paid to begin the service or program.Our options for Monthly Support Plans are posted on our Website, “LastHarvest.org” and may be changed from time to time. If any part of a month is included in the Term, then payment is due for the full month. Payments are due for any month on the same or closest date to the day you made your first monthly payment (the “Pay Date”).8. Credit CardsAs long as you’re a Member with a paid account or otherwise have an outstanding balance with us, you’ll provide us with valid credit card information and authorize us to deduct the monthly charges against that credit card. You’ll replace the information for any credit card that expires with information for a valid one. If your credit card is automatically replaced with a new card by a payment processor, you acknowledge and agree that we’re authorized to deduct any charges on your account against the new credit card. Anyone using a credit card represents and warrants that they are authorized to use that credit card, and that any and all charges may be billed to that credit card and won’t be rejected. If we’re unable to process your credit card order, we’ll try to contact you by email and suspend your account until your payment can be processed. We do not retain your credit card information on file. All credit cards are used via PAYPAL. Therefore, refer to the Terms and Conditions of PAYPAL.10. RefundsWe will give you a refund for a service or program if we stop providing the Service and terminate your account without cause. You won’t be entitled to a refund from us under any other circumstances. We may, at our sole discretion, offer a refund if a Member requests one.11. Charges for Add-OnsIf you use an Add-on that has a charge (taking a different training course found on “afterabortiontraining.com” or “advancecentertraining.com”, or making a payment for one support service and then adding another), then you’ll be billed that additional amount with each billing cycle for as long as the Add-on is active. If you utilize one of our program services for six months consecutively, then we may charge you at the comparable Ken Freeman Sales pricing tier or terminate your account.12. Billing ChangesWe may change our fees at any time by posting a new pricing structure to our Website and/or sending you a notification by email. Quoted fees don’t include sales or other transaction-based taxes of any kind.RIGHTS13. Proprietary Rights Owned by UsYou will respect our proprietary rights in the Website and the software used to provide the Service (proprietary rights include, but aren’t limited to, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property). You may only use our brand assets according to our Brand Guidelines.14. Proprietary Rights Owned by YouYou represent and warrant that you either own or have permission to use all of the material, content, data, and information (including your personal information and the personal information of others) you submit to Ken Freeman Sales in the course of using the Service (“Content”). You retain ownership of the Content that you upload to the Service. We may use or disclose your Content (including any personal information therein) only as described in these Terms, our Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement, and, if applicable, our Data Processing Addendum.15. Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us. Please read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement for information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your Content and personal information and protect your privacy when you use the Service.16. Right to Review ContentWe may view, copy, and internally distribute Content from your registrations and account to create algorithms and programs (“Tools”) that help us spot problem accounts and improve the Service. We use these Tools to find Members who violate these Terms or laws and to study data internally to make the Service smarter and create better experiences for Members and their contacts.RULES AND ABUSE17. General RulesBy agreeing to these Terms, you promise to follow these rules:You won’t send spam! We mean “spam” as it is defined on the Spamhaus website.
You won’t use purchased, rented, or third-party lists of email addresses.
You’ll comply with our Acceptable Use Policy, which forms part of these Terms.
If you use our API, you’ll comply with our API Use Policy, which forms part of these Terms.
Ken Freeman Sales doesn’t allow accounts with the primary purpose of promoting or inciting harm toward others or the promotion of discriminatory, hateful, or harassing Content. To this end, we may suspend or terminate your account if you demand any Content that we determine, in our sole discretion, contains either of the following:A Threat of Physical Harm. This means any statement, photograph, advertisement, or other Content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to threaten, advocate, or incite physical harm to or violence against others.
Hateful Content. This means any statement, image, photograph, advertisement, or other Content that in our sole judgment could be reasonably perceived to harm, threaten, promote the harassment of, promote the intimidation of, promote the abuse of, or promote discrimination against others based solely on race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, disease, or immigration status.
We also may suspend or terminate your account if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you are either:An organization that has publicly stated or acknowledged that its goals, objectives, positions, or founding tenets include statements or principles that could be reasonably perceived to advocate, encourage, or sponsor Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm;
a person that has publicly made a comment or statement, or otherwise publicly made known a position, including by membership in an organization as discussed above, that could be reasonably perceived as Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm; or
a person or organization that has acted in such a way as could be reasonably perceived to support, condone, encourage, or represent Hateful Content or A Threat of Physical Harm.
If you violate any of these rules, then we may suspend or terminate your account.18. Reporting AbuseIf you think anyone is violating any of these Terms, please notify us immediately. If you received spam you think came from a Ken Freeman Sales, “ThePregnancyTest.com” Visitor, please report it to our abuse team. (Every email Campaign sent through the Service has an embedded campaign tracking ID in the email header, making it easy to report suspected spam.) If you think anyone has posted material that violates any protected marks or copyrights, then you can notify us at the address provided in our Copyright Policy.19. Compliance with LawsYou represent and warrant that your use of the Service will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. You’re responsible for determining whether the Service is suitable for you to use in light of your obligations under any regulations like HIPAA, GLB, EU data privacy laws (including the General Data Protection Regulation) (collectively, “EU Data Privacy Laws”), United States export control laws and regulations and economic sanctions laws and regulations (“U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations”), or other applicable laws. If you’re subject to regulations (like HIPAA) and you use the Service, then we won’t be liable if the Service doesn’t meet those requirements. You may not use the Service for any unlawful or discriminatory activities, including acts prohibited by the Federal Trade Commission Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, or other laws that apply to commerce.If you’re located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland (collectively, the “EEA”) and/or distribute Campaigns or other Content through the Service to anyone located in the EEA (each such Member an “EEA Member”) in creating your Campaign distribution list, sending Campaigns via the Service, and/or otherwise collecting information as a result of creating or sending Campaigns, you represent and warrant to Ken Freeman Sales that:You will clearly post, maintain, and abide by a publicly accessible privacy notice on the digital properties from which the underlying data is collected that satisfies the requirements of applicable data protection laws, describes your use of the Service, and includes a link to Ken Freeman Sales’s Privacy Policy.
You will get and maintain all necessary permissions and valid consents required to lawfully transfer data to Ken Freeman Sales and to enable such data to be lawfully collected, processed, and shared by Ken Freeman Sales for the purposes of providing the Service or as otherwise directed by you.
You will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the Campaigns sent through the Service, including those relating to (a) acquiring consents (where required) to lawfully send Campaigns, (b) the Content of Campaigns, and (c) your Campaign deployment practices.
You will provide and obtain all notices and obtain all necessary consents required by applicable data protection laws to enable Ken Freeman Sales to deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons or pixels) lawfully on and collect data from the devices of contacts and end users of the Service in accordance with and as described in the Cookie Statement.
You will sign and return Ken Freeman Sales’s Data Processing Addendum, which sets out your and Ken Freeman Sales’s obligations with respect to data protections and security when processing personal information. Once signed, the Data Processing Addendum will form part of and be incorporated into the Agreement.
In addition, if you are an EEA Member, you acknowledge and agree that we have your prior written authorization to respond, at our discretion, to any data subject access requests we receive from your contacts made under EU Data Privacy Laws, or, alternatively, we may direct any such contacts to you so that you can respond to the request accordingly.You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any losses, including all legal fees and expenses, that result from your breach of this Section 20.20. U.S. Export ControlsThe software that supports the Service (the “Software”) is subject to U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations. Export laws are set up by the government to keep certain goods and services from reaching other countries, usually because of security concerns or trade agreements. None of the Software may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations and any other applicable export laws and regulations (collectively, “Export Control Laws”). Therefore, you agree that you won’t, directly or indirectly through a third party, allow the Software or your Campaigns to be accessed or generated from within, or distributed or sent to, any prohibited or embargoed country as mentioned in any Export Control Laws. In addition, you certify that neither you nor any principals, officers, directors, or any person or entity you know to be directly involved with the use of the Service is designated on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted persons.It’s important to note that this Section 21 isn’t meant to provide a comprehensive summary of the Export Control Laws that govern Ken Freeman Sales, the Service, or the Software. You’re downloading and using the Software at your own risk, and it’s your responsibility to consult with a legal advisor to make sure your use of the Service and the Software complies with applicable laws.LIABILITY21. Limitation of LiabilityTo the maximum extent permitted by law, you assume full responsibility for any loss that results from your use of the Website and the Service, including any downloads from the Website. We and our Team won’t be liable for any indirect, punitive, special, or consequential damages under any circumstances, even if they’re based on negligence or we’ve been advised of the possibility of those damages. In any calendar month, our total liability to you arising under or in connection with the Agreement—whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise—will be no more than what you paid us for the Service the preceding month.In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, in no instance will we or our Team be liable for any losses or damages you suffer if you use the Service in violation of our Acceptable Use Policy, regardless of whether we terminate or suspend your account due to such violation.22. No WarrantiesTo the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide the Website and the Service as-is. This means that, except as expressly stated in these Terms, we don’t provide warranties, conditions, or undertakings of any kind in relation to the Website and/or Service, either express or implied. This includes, but isn’t limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, which are to the fullest extent permitted by law, excluded from the Agreement. Since Members use the Service for a variety of reasons, we can’t guarantee that it’ll meet your specific needs.23. IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold us and our Team harmless from any losses, including legal fees and expenses that directly or indirectly result from any claims you make that aren’t allowed under these Terms due to a “Limitation of Liability” or other provision. (Indemnity is an agreement to compensate someone for a loss.) You also agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any losses, including legal fees and expenses, that directly or indirectly result from (a) your Content, (b) your use of the Service, (c) your violation of any laws or regulations, (d) third-party claims that you or someone using your password did something that, if true, would violate any of these Terms, (e) any misrepresentations made by you, or (f) a breach of any representations or warranties you’ve made to us.24. Legal Fees and ExpensesIf we file an action against you claiming you breached these Terms and we prevail, we’re entitled to recover all reasonable legal fees, expenses, and any damages or other relief we may be awarded.25. Equitable ReliefIf you violate these Terms, then we may seek injunctive relief (meaning we may request a court order to stop you) or other equitable relief.26. Subpoena FeesIf we have to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal, governmental, or regulatory inquiry related to your account, then we may charge you for our costs. These fees may include attorney and employee time spent retrieving the records, preparing documents, and participating in a deposition.27. DisclaimersWe and our Team aren’t responsible for the behavior of any third parties, linked websites, or other Members.FINE PRINT28. Notice to U.S. Government End UsersThe Software and Website, including all documentation, are “Commercial Items,” as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, and consist of “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation.” The Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are licensed to U.S. government end users:only as Commercial Items,
with the same rights as all other end users, and
according to the Terms.
Published and unpublished rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States. The manufacturer is Ken Freeman dba “Ken Freeman Sales” and this site “awebstore.com”.29. AssignmentsYou may not assign any of your rights under this agreement to anyone else. We may assign our rights to any other individual or entity at our discretion.30. Choice of LawThe State of Texas’s laws, except for conflict of laws rules, will apply to any dispute related to the Agreement or the Service. Any dispute related to the Agreement or the Service itself will be decided by the state and federal courts in Dallas County, Texas, and each party will be subject to the jurisdiction of those courts.31. Force MajeureWe won’t be held liable for any delays or failure in performance of any part of the Service, from any cause beyond our control. This includes, but is not limited to, acts of god, changes to law or regulations, embargoes, war, terrorist acts, riots, fires, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, zombie apocalypse, floods, strikes, power blackouts, volcanic action, unusually severe weather conditions, and acts of hackers, or third-party internet service providers.32. SurvivabilityEven if this Agreement is terminated, the following sections will continue to apply: Proprietary Rights Owned by Us, Proprietary Rights Owned by You, Compliance with Laws, Limitation of Liability, No Warranties, Indemnity, Choice of Law, Severability, and Entire Agreement.33. SeverabilityIf it turns out that a section of these Terms isn’t enforceable, then that section will be removed or edited as little as required, and the rest of the Agreement will still be valid.34. InterpretationThe headers and sidebar text are provided only to make these Terms easier to read and understand. The fact that we wrote these Terms won’t affect the way the Agreement is interpreted.35. Amendments and WaiverAmendments or changes to the Agreement won’t be effective until we post revised Terms on the Website. If we don’t immediately take action on a violation of these Terms, we’re not giving up any rights under the Terms, and we may still take action at some point.36. No Changes in Terms at Request of MemberBecause we have so many Members, we can’t change these Terms for any one Member or group.37. Further ActionsYou’ll provide all documents and take any actions necessary to meet your obligations under these Terms.38. Notification of Security BreachIn the event of a security breach that may affect you or anyone on your Campaign distribution lists (each a “List”), we’ll notify you of the breach once we have determined, in our discretion, that it occurred and will provide a description of what happened. If we determine, and notify you, that you need to forward all or part of that information to anyone on your Lists, you’ll promptly do so.39. NoticesAny notice to you will be effective when we send it to the last email or physical address you gave us or when posted on our Website. Any notice to us will be effective when delivered to us along with a copy to our legal counsel: Attn. Legal Department, Ken Freeman Sales, 1813 Eldorado Dr. Garland, Texas 75042, or any addresses as we may later post on the Website.40. Entire AgreementThe Agreement and any Additional Terms you’ve agreed to by enabling any Add-ons make up the entire agreement between us in relation to its subject matter and supersede all prior agreements, representations, and understandings. Any Additional Terms will be considered incorporated into the Agreement when you activate the corresponding Add-on.Where there’s a conflict between these Terms and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control to the extent of the conflict.Congratulations! You’ve reached the end.Thanks for taking the time to learn about Ken Freeman Sales’s policies.Updated May 23, 2018.