http://aztechsoft.com/terms-of-use/
Toggle navigation
Home
Categories
Special Offers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Shopping Basket
Aztechsoft.com
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions (Terms of Use)
General
We may change or withdraw any part of the website, or may refuse you access to the website at any time if we consider it necessary. Use of We and these terms are subject to the laws of England and the jurisdiction of the English Courts.Neither you nor We will be held liable for any failure to perform any obligation to the other due to causes beyond your or We respective reasonable control.
Disclaimer
Orders are placed through Amazon and as such We do not dispatch, fulfill or refund any orders. Returns, disputes and any order queries remain the responsibility of Amazon. We does not accept any responsibility for orders placed with Amazon.
Availability of our website
We will try to make our website available but cannot guarantee that our website will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free and can accept no liability for its unavailability. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our website and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website, router or any other Internet connected device.
We will do our best to ensure that all materials and information published on our website are accurate, but please note that all content, materials and information on our website are provided on an as is basis and you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of our website and use of all information contained within it.
We will do our best to correct errors and omissions as quickly as practicable after being notified of them.
Prices
Prices of products and postage costs are subject to change at any time. You will always be confirmed of the exact price you will pay before confirming your order. We will not honour any previous prices of products or shipping under any circumstances.
Liability
We does not accept liability (except as set out in these terms and conditions) for any errors or omissions.You will be responsible for any breach of these terms by you and if you use We in breach of these terms you will be liable to and will reimburse We for any loss or damage caused as a result.We shall have no liability (including liability for negligence) for the acts or omissions of telecommunications service providers or for failures of, or faults in, their networks and equipment.
Privacy
We do not hold any personal information unless you choose to sign up to our We newsletter. Please review our Privacy Policy for full details.
Confirmation of Terms
By using this website you agree to these conditions of use. By agreeing to these conditions of use, you warrant and undertake that you will not use our website for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by these conditions of use, including without limitation the posting or transmitting of any libellous, defamatory, inflammatory or obscene material. If you breach these terms and conditions then your permission to use this website terminates immediately without the necessity of any notice being given to you. We retain the right to deny access to any person who fails to comply with these terms of use.
Shop Design References
Hydrology, Floodplains and Hydraulics (0)
Roadway, Paving Design (6)
All Products
Shop CAD equipment
Scales and Rulers (3)
All Products
Shop GPS Equipment
Handheld GPS (4)
All Products
Shop Old Time Drafting
Compass and Dividers (4)
All Products
Newsletter