https://banxia.com/miscellaneous/privacy-policy/
Home
Products
Downloads
Where to buy
Support & Training
Contact us
Privacy policy Banxia Software Limited – Privacy Statement
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Banxia Software Ltd web site at www.banxia.com. When you visit any web site you can expect to be notified of what information is being gathered or tracked, how the information is used and who the information is shared with. Banxia Software Limited has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Banxia Software Ltd site coordinator at info@banxia.com.
At Banxia we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit the Banxia web site without disclosing personal information. There are times, however, when we need information, such as your name and postal or email address, when processing orders or answering queries, for example.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you download free upgrades, download free/ demonstration software, register your software, enter a contest, sign-up for an email newsletter or join a discussion list.
The information that we gather is used for the following purposes:
When you order a product or service from us, we need to know some or all of the following: your name, e-mail address, delivery address, payment details. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders, to notify you of your order status and, in the future, to keep you informed about training events, special offers and product upgrades. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Financial information that is collected is used only to bill the user for products and services purchased from us.
When you submit any enquiry form, if you choose to provide any personal information (such as your mailing or email address), it is used to help us send you appropriate information to address your enquiry and to keep you informed about training events, special offers and product developments. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
We monitor customer traffic patterns and web site usage to help us develop the design of our site and the layout of our on-line store. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new Banxia Software services and special offers we think you may find valuable.
Please note that the information you enter may be transferred outside the European Economic Area for the purposes of processing by Banxia Software and its affiliates.
If you would rather not receive further information from us, then please an e-mail to info@banxia.com. Make sure to change your preferences for each account or e-mail address you have left with us.
This site contains links to other sites. Banxia Software Limited not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Email discussion lists.
Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
How does Banxia Software protect customer information?
When you place orders we use a secure encryption that protects your data from your computer right through to our office computer. The data in transit is stored encrypted on our web server, so it cannot be intercepted at all. Furthermore, as required by the UK Data Protection Act 1984, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
What about “cookies”?
Our site uses “cookies” to keep track of your shopping cart. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as storing items in your shopping basket between visits. Your cookies are uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to accept cookies or prevent cookies from being accepted. Cookies are not executable as code.
Choice/Opt-Out and updating
We provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. Users have the following options for removing their mailing information from our database, so as not to receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to info@banxia.com.
You can call the following telephone number: +44 (0) 1539 815660
You can fax your request to: +44 (0) 1539 815661
Or you can write to us at: Banxia Software Ltd, PO Box 134, Kendal, Cumbria, LA9 4XF, UK.
In Summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Banxia Software possible and to enhance your overall experience of dealing with Banxia. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. If you want to update the information that we hold about you, or you never want to hear from us again(!) please e-mail us as info@banxia.com to change your preferences. (Please remember to change your preferences for each of the e-mail accounts you may have given us details of).
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Banxia Software Limited. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances (if any) we disclose it.
Please note that the information you enter may be transferred outside the European Economic Area for the purposes of processing by Banxia Software and its affiliates. By submitting your enquiry or order, you consent to this transfer. Your personal information may also be used by us and our affiliates to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our Web site, new Banxia Software products and services and special offers we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please e-mail to info@banxia.com stating the nature of your request.
Feedback welcome!
Banxia Software welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please send e-mail to info@banxia.com.
Privacy statement first posted January 2000. Last updated January 2000. Edits for changed contact details 2010.
Decision Support
Frontier Analyst
Decision Explorer
Decision Explorer Connect
Ovalmap pads
Pages
Contact us
Enquiry form
Decision support and Analysis tools from Banxia®
Decision Support products
Downloads
Identify your pen
Interactive teaching and meetings
Products available from Banxia
Search results
Software Development
Support & Training
Decision Explorer
Frontier Analyst
Terms and conditions
Copyright and Disclaimer
Instant downloads
Job vacancies
Legacy products
Licence details
Privacy policy
Shipping and handling
WEEE recycling
Where to buy
Where to buy Banxia products
Where to buy eInstruction products in UK