https://bcrm.co.uk/legal-about-this-site/
Legal – About this Site
This section contains the legal information about this site and covers:
Links with other web sites;
How BCRM will use your information;
Security;
Copyright;
Legal Disclaimer.
The purpose of this statement is to set out the principles governing the use of personal information that Business Compliance and Recovery Management Ltd. (BCRM) may obtain about you from your use of this Website.
By registering as a user of the services provided by us and by using this website generally, you are indicating that you have read this Privacy Policy and you understand and agree that your personal information may be used as described below.
Links with other Websites
This Privacy Policy only covers this Web site (www.bcrm.co.uk) and BCRM are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or content of any linked websites. BCRM recommends that you check the privacy and security policies of each Website you visit.
How BCRM will use your information
When you provide information to BCRM via this site we shall store this data and hold it on computer or in hard copy form. BCRM will use this data to provide you with the services for which you have registered (e.g. to receive a download, to advise that a new one is available, make a purchase, etc). Otherwise BCRM will only disclose information as previously notified to you except as follows:
as required by any to a court of competent jurisdiction;
to comply with applicable laws and lawful government and/or regulatory requests;
to operate and protect BCRM systems properly;
to protect BCRM users;
marketing information
In order that BCRM can monitor and improve the site, BCRM may gather certain information about you when you use it, including details of your domain name and IP address, operating system, browser, version, and the Web site that you visited prior to our site.
Security
BCRM endeavours to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information but cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line. Please note that email is not a secure medium, and should not be used to send confidential or sensitive information. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold BCRM responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to BCRM’s negligence or wilful default.
Copyright
The contents of this Website including, but not limited to, all of the text, photographs, illustrations, is copyrighted unless expressly stated to the contrary.
You may copy, download, print or publish any part of the contents of this site on the strict provision that you do not:
modify or alter the content in any way;
delete or modify the copyright notices;
publish or post any part of the content on any other internet Web site;
exhibit, distribute or circulate any part of the content on any other medium;
retail or charge others for the use of any materials you download form this Website
Legal Disclaimer
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of this site is for general information only and is provided on the strict basis that it does not constitute professional advice and as such it should not be used as a substitute for consultation with BCRM or any other professional security consultant.
The internet is not secure and therefore BCRM cannot guarantee the accuracy or integrity of this Web site. In no event will BCRM be liable to you, or anyone else, for any loss or damage (direct or indirect) suffered from a decision made, or action taken, in reliance on the information on this site