https://bedoper.com/could-debtors-anonymous-help-you/
Health
Could Debtors Anonymous Help You?
By Nancy
September 23, 2020
3 Mins read
163
0
Share
Debtors Anonymous is a group created for people who are essentially addicted to debt. Much like the more well-known Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), Debtors Anonymous is designed to help you overcome compulsive spending that’s ruining your financial life. There’s even a 12-Step Program to follow in DA, just like AA. Here are some things to think about if you’re wondering if Debtors Anonymous could help you.
Is Spending Too Much Really like Drinking?
Addiction and compulsion are complex phenomena. The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) defines addiction as a “chronic, relapsing brain disorder characterized by compulsive drug seeking and use despite adverse consequences.” The key pieces—chronic, relapsing, and disorder—spell out exactly what makes an addiction so powerful. It’s something too powerful to control by will power alone, and it always comes back to take more.
What you’ll notice about the NIDA definition of addiction is it specifically calls out drug use as a target. Many people are hesitant to accept that spending too much can be an addiction just the same as doing drugs. However, if you’re someone who has experienced this, you know it’s chronic, relapsing, coming internally, and leading to adverse consequences.
Debtors Anonymous is a place where people struggling with their addiction to debt, can seek help and support from people who understand. Like with AA, DA is much more than showing up for a few meetings and declaring yourself cured. When you have a true addiction, it never really goes away, you just learn how to live with it.
Showing up at DA should be an admission that something is unhealthy about your relationship with spending, and you’re ready to seek help and humility in order to get it under control. One of the first things you’ll do at DA is track your spending. Having to record every single thing you buy can bring both perspective and a higher-level awareness to what’s really going on. You’ll then start working through your spending compulsion with others in a group setting.
Who Benefits from Joining Debtors Anonymous?
One group of people need DA more than any other; those whose debt is damaging their lives because of compulsive spending. Debt doesn’t discriminate against any type of person. Everyone is vulnerable to it. Debtors Anonymous is one step you should take to regain control of your life if you’re overwhelmed by debt. These are a few other things worth considering:
Speak to a credit counselor. There are non-profit organizations out there that exist specifically to help people struggling with debt. Credit counselors can help you with budgeting, getting your credit report, or putting together a debt management plan.Consider ways to restructure your debt. While Debtors Anonymous is a great resource for getting your spending under control, it might not necessarily help you with your current level of debt. Depending on your circumstances, a debt relief program might get you back on your feet. Organizations such as Freedom Debt Relief have lots of experience helping consumers get rid of their debts. Think about a credit card balance transfer. This is something you’ll only want to undertake if you’ve gotten to a place where you think you can seriously control your spending. A balance transfer lets you move existing credit balances onto a new account with a low introductory rate. Doing this can give you time to pay down debts without accumulating interest. It’s important to note, however, fees and the lingering risk of running out of time make this approach only worthwhile if you’re ready to tackle your debt head-on.
How Do You Join Debtors Anonymous?
According to the Debtors Anonymous webpage, the only requirement to join is “a desire to stop incurring unsecured debt.” If this is you, it might be time to reach out to DA. This could be a turning point, where you can finally regain control of your financial life.
Share
163
0
Share
Previous
Top 5 Reasons Why SMB’s Need to Worry About Cyber security Issues
Next
The Most Efficient Ways To Save Money To Start Travelling
Related postsHealthHow Does The Process of Breast Milk Production Work?
By Breanna Patrick
October 30, 2020
3 Mins read
Contents1 Overview:2 Within the adult breast:3 Milk for the breast:4 From the beginning:5 During pregnancy:6 Production of milk: Human breast milk is…
HealthLifestyleTop 10 Tips For The Perfect Gender Reveal
By Breanna Patrick
June 4, 2020
2 Mins read
Gender reveal is one of the most exciting things for many parents. While you can wait for a few weeks, or even…
HealthTips to Stay Healthy During a Stressful Move
By Breanna Patrick
May 30, 2020
2 Mins read
Contents1 Allocate Enough Time2 Plan for a Healthy Diet3 Keep Time to Exercise4 Drink Water5 Prevent Injuries6 Conclusion Planning and executing a…
Power your team with Bedoper News
Leave this field empty if you're human:
We never spam, only news will be delivered.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Name*
Email*
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Sign in
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Lost your password? Please enter your email address. You will receive mail with link to set new password.
Reset password
Back to login
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Optimized with PageSpeed Ninja