https://beyondsoft.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Home/Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementSander Murray2020-07-07T15:17:18-07:00
Updated: July 1, 2020
At Beyondsoft, respecting and protecting individuals’ personal information or personal data are part of our core values. Here is a brief summary of our Privacy Policy – how we collect and use personal information of individuals who interact with us through our website and on the telephone. A more detailed explanation follows this summary.
Beyondsoft’s primary business activities can be best be described as “B2B.” We support the initiatives and operations of other businesses. In operating our business, we collect personal information from individuals who visit our website and who provide their information to us as part of learning about or interacting with our company. The categories of information we collect may include names, email addresses, telephone numbers, company affiliations, job titles, and other information provided to us. We use this Personal Information primarily to communicate with individuals interested in our company. When individuals visit our website, we automatically collect certain data to understand how visitors use our site, such as IP addresses and times of use. We utilize the support of services providers to study our website performance and publicize our company’s activities, and we may share or provide access to users’ Personal Information to our service providers. But we DO NOT sell consumer personal information to anyone.
That’s our Privacy Policy in a nutshell. We encourage you to read more about it in detail below, including your ability to make inquiries about any of your information that we have collected. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Policy Scope
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) applies to Beyondsoft Consulting, Inc. and its website and online platform, www.beyonsoft.com (“Beyondsoft,” “we,” “us,” or “Company”). It governs and explains how we collect and use Personal Information from all individuals (“you” “customer(s),” “consumer(s),” “user(s)” who visit our website, connect or register with us via our website, email, or over the telephone, or who otherwise provide their information to us (our “Services”). This Policy applies to all consumers, regardless of where you live.
We understand and use the term “Personal Information” “Personal Data” to mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household. The terms of our Privacy Policy are incorporated into our Terms of Service. By use of our Services and/or by agreeing to the Terms of Service, you are consenting, agreeing, and directing us to collect and use your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy.
This Policy applies only to our Services. Although we might link to third-party websites (for example, Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter), software, or services, this Policy applies only to our Services.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact us at bci_privacysupport@us.beyondsoft.com or 888-601-0618.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Broadly speaking, we collect two types of Personal Information: (a) User Information and (b) Usage Information. Below is an explanation of the categories of Personal Information we collect, including information collected in the last 12 months.
“User Information” refers to information collected about individuals who use our Services and voluntarily provide their information when registering with our site, emailing us, or contacting us on the telephone. The categories of information we collect may include your name, email address, professional title, company, country, or telephone number. We collect User Information only when individuals voluntarily provide it to us. Individuals
We do not generally collect “sensitive Personal Information” (also known as “special categories”) through our website or otherwise. In the limited cases where we do seek to collect such data, we will do this in accordance with local data privacy law requirements. If you choose to provide us with unsolicited sensitive Personal Information, you consent to our using the data, subject to applicable law as described in this Policy. The term sensitive Personal Information refers to the various categories of personal data identified by certain data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, which may include personal identity numbers, financial account information, gender, race, ethnicity, or national origin, political opinions or affiliations, religious, philosophical or other similar beliefs, membership of a trade union or profession or trade association, physical or mental health, biometric or genetic data, sexual life, or criminal record (including information about suspected criminal activities).
“Usage Information” refers to information about your computer hardware and software that we may automatically collect when you use or interact with our website. Whenever you use or our website, we may collect your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times, and referring website addresses. In particular, we collect information about the manner in which our website is used, the devices on which they are used, and our website’s performance. This information is used for the operation of our Services, to maintain quality of the Service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Beyondsoft website. Depending on your device or browser privacy settings, Usage Information or can include location data, such as geographic information regarding the location of the accessing device. If we combine Usage Information with User Information, we will treat the combined data as User Information.
How We Collect Personal Information
For individuals who contact us through our website, email, or on the telephone, we will collect whatever information you provide through the medium you use to communicate with us.
For users of our website, we collect Usage Information when you access and interact with our site. To do this, we use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, to help us collect this information. Cookies are small computer files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive that allow us to know how often you use our website and what activities you conduct on our site. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. Beyondsoft may use information collected from our cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content and offers based on your profile, and for the other purposes including those outlined directly below, to the extent legally permissible in certain jurisdictions. Some of the cookies we use don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. In other cases, we can associate cookie information with an identifiable individual. For example, if we send you a targeted email which includes web beacons, cookies or similar technologies we will know whether you open, read, or delete the message or if you click a link in a marketing e-mail you receive from Beyondsoft, we will also use a cookie to log what pages you view and what content you download from our websites, even if you are not registered at or signed into our site.
Beyondsoft may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different e-mail, website, and personal interactions with you (this includes information collected across our different websites such as our careers and corporate sites and information collected when you sign-up or log on to our sites or connect to our sites using your social media credentials. We combine this data to better assess your experience with Beyondsoft and to perform the other activities described throughout our Privacy Statement.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of Beyondsoft’s websites. We use the information cookies and web beacons collect to statistically monitor how many people are using our Services or opening our emails.
Your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information. To completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology, you must manage the settings on your browser to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. However, getting a “Do Not Track” signal to work as you might want may be difficult. For example, not all tracking technologies can be controlled by browsers, and unique aspects of your browser might be recognizable even if you disable a tracking technology. In addition, not all settings will necessarily last or be effective, and even if a setting is effective for one purpose, data still may be collected for another. Even if one website observes a “Do Not Track” signal, that website usually will not be able to control other websites.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your Personal Information for a number of purposes that we believe to be consistent with your expectations when you interact with us and our Services, including:
To communicate with you. If you contact us, we will use your email address and other information you provide to us to communicate with you. We may retain your contact and information and copies of our communications for our records. Beyondsoft may use customer relationship management (CRM) database technology to manage and track our marketing efforts. Our CRM databases include personal data belonging to individuals at our client and other companies with whom we already have a business relationship or want to develop one. The personal data used for these purposes includes relevant business information, such as: contact data, publicly available information (e.g., board membership, published articles, press releases, your public posts on social media sites if relevant for business purpose), your responses to targeted e-mail (including web activity following links from our e-mails), website activity of registered users of our website, and other business information included by Beyondsoft professionals based on their personal interactions with you. If you wish to be excluded from our CRM databases, please use the Contact Us form.
To provide announcements and marketing. We may use your name and contact information to provide you with news about promotions, offerings, events, and other information about our business. From time to time, we may also conduct customer surveys. You may have the option of receiving emails, SMS texts, voice messages, and/or newsletters directly from us. You may elect to opt-out of these communications by clicking an unsubscribe link, responding unsubscribe, or placing a check mark beside a statement stating you do not want to receive these communications or to participate in these activities.
To otherwise provide Services and support. We use your Personal Information to provide and manage the Services, communicate with you about our Services, and fulfill any contractual obligations we otherwise have with you. In addition, we use your Personal Information to support your use of the Services and to ensure the quality and security of the Services.
Analytics. We may use Usage Information for analytics purposes and to operate, maintain, and improve the Services.  We may also use information to create new products and services.
To make use of analytics, we may allow certain other entities to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and other technologies to collect information through our website. For example, our service providers may use these technologies to collect information (a) that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics and (b) that is used to serve advertisements on our Services and across the Internet and on other apps tailored to your apparent interests. To the extent we combine information from outside services with Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Services, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. Otherwise, the information collected and stored by outside entities remains subject to their policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on third party services.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use our website, compile reports on our website’s activity, and provide other services related our website activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
You may choose whether to receive interest-based advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our partners may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices, and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices for information on the DAA’s opt-out program for mobile apps. Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. You can also opt out of interest-based advertising within mobile apps based on advertising identifiers on your device (for example, through cross-app tracking). See the Advertising and Privacy options under your device’s Settings for more information. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of interest-based advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain interest-based advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Beyondsoft is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, Beyondsoft currently does not take action in response to these signals. For more information on “do-not-track,” visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
To promote security and appropriate use. We hope everyone who uses our website will do so appropriately and with respect for our community. But, probably like you, we realize that not all online activity is beneficial. Therefore, we will use Personal Information to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity relating to our Services and generally safeguard and maintain the security of our website and business.
To meet legal requirements. We may be required to use or disclose your Personal Information when necessary to comply with legally mandated reporting, subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process requirements.
Other purposes. We may use your information for any other legal, business or marketing purposes that are compatible with this Policy.
How We Share Personal Information
We DO NOT sell your Personal Information to anyone.
Service Providers. Like many businesses, we may rely on support from other businesses to provide our Services. We may share personal information collected from individuals with digital marketing partners that assist us with delivering our newsletter and announcements. We may rely on a service provider for IT and security support and grant access to information collected as part of those services. We will transfer or share information with service providers only in accordance with applicable information privacy laws. Furthermore, our service providers are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide services to us and are not permitted to use your information for other purposes.
Transfer or Assignment in Connection with Business Transfers or Bankruptcy. In the event of a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We shall provide notice of such a business transition via prominent notice on our website.  We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from customers and users of the Services to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, or as otherwise agreed to by you, the use and disclosure of all transferred information will be subject to this Policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Legal Requirements. We may be required to use or discloses your personal information when necessary to comply with legally mandated reporting, subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process requirements.
Publicly Posted Content. If you post comments, images, and other content to a location that is public facing, including our website or social media, your posted information will be publicly viewable.
With Your Consent. We may share some or all of your information with any other third party with your affirmative consent. For instance, we display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our Websites in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at the address shown at the top of this policy.
Right to Access Your Information
Under our Policy, you have a right to access the information we have collected during the last 12 months. Specifically, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising User Rights, below), we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of other businesses or persons with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Request Deletion
Under our Policy, you have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising User Rights, below), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Correcting and Updating Personal Information
You can always contact us in order to request that we change your Personal Information if you believe the Personal Information we have for you is incorrect. We will review your request but may be restricted in our ability to change your Personal Information.
Exercising User Rights
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by one of the following methods:
Emailing us at bci_privacysupport@us.beyondsoft.com;
Calling us at 888-601-0618; or
Submitting a request through our interactive Contact Us webform here.
Only you, or, if you are a California resident, a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
To verify the identity of an individual making a request, a two-step process will need to be completed. A verifiable consumer request must:
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Separately provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request only to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will endeavor to provide an initial response to a verifiable user request within 10 days of receipt and will attempt to fulfill a verifiable user request within 45 days of its receipt (30 days if you are a resident of a country in the European Union, European Economic Area, or United Kingdom). If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will cover only the 12-month period preceding our receipt of a verifiable user request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable user request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against anyone for exercising any of their rights under this Policy or any applicable information privacy or data protection law. Unless otherwise permitted, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Beyondsoft by:
Emailing us at bci_privacysupport@us.beyondsoft.com;
Calling us at 888-601-0618; or
Submitting a request through our interactive Contact Us webform here.
Personal Information of Children Under 13
Beyondsoft does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. If you think we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years of age for whom you are the parent or guardian, please contact us at the notice address provided below.
Security
We maintain administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of your Personal Information. Our employees receive training on our security practices and obligations. While we strive to safeguard your Personal Information, we cannot completely ensure the privacy of certain communications such as email to and from us because they are not encrypted. Given the nature of the internet and the fact that network security measures are not infallible, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. In the event we become aware of a data security breach, we will provide you with notice as required by applicable federal, provincial and state laws.
Changes to Our Policy
If we change this Policy, we will post the updated Policy and its effective date on our website, and such updates will be accessible through the app.
If the Privacy Policy changes materially so that we are going to use your Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by either sending you an email to an address provided to us, through the app, or in a notice on our website’s main page. We reserve the right to make the changes to the Privacy Policy applicable to all previously collected Personal Information.
Contact Information – Questions, Accessing, Correcting and Updating your Personal Information, Direct Marketing
Please contact us using the contact information listed below if you:
Have a query or concern about this Privacy Policy or our Personal Information handling processes;
Wish to make a complaint about our activities;
Would like to access your Personal Information held by us;
Would like to opt out of direct marketing; or
Would like to correct your Personal Information held by us,
We will promptly investigate and respond.
bci_privacysupport@us.beyondsoft.com
888-601-0618
Contact Us
Close Sliding Bar Area
Recent Posts
Planning an AEM Implementation? Here Are 4 Considerations
Employee Spotlight – Xioahua Shi
Attracting And Growing Diverse Talent: Insights From A Global Employer
Stay In Touch
US HEADQUARTERS
3025 112th Ave NE #200, Bellevue, Washington
Phone: (425) 242-5419
Email: info@us.beyondsoft.com
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Go to Top