https://bit-tech.net/terms/
Dark Theme
Light Theme
Home
Tech
Modding
Gaming
Forum
Store
Login
Register
All
News
Reviews
Features
Previews
Guides
Blogs
Competitions
Press Releases
Competition Terms & Conditions
There is no entry fee and no purchase necessary to enter competitions.
The competition winners will be picked at random from all eligible entries that arrive before the closing date.
Only one entry is permitted per household per bit-tech entry form; second Facebook entries, if applicable, are permitted. Duplicate entries on either form will result in disqualification, and no entrant may win more than one prize.
The winners will be notified via email unless otherwise stated. The winner must claim their prize within 7 days of the promoter sending notification. If the prize is unclaimed after this time, bit-tech reserves the right to offer the unclaimed prize to a substitute winner selected in accordance with these rules.
In the event that the prize offered is unavailable due to circumstances beyond our control, we reserve the right to offer an alternative prize of equal or greater specification.
Prizes will ship to winners within 45 days of the draw, though we aim for sooner.
Prize draws are not open to employees of bit-tech and their affiliates, agencies, suppliers, sponsors, or employees' immediate families.
Entry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Terms and Conditions of Usage
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern bit-tech’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness, or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors, and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services, or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
All material on this site, unless expressed otherwise or implied by hypertext link properties, is copyright bit-tech. We make every effort to recognise original content, however where this is not the case please contact us, and upon proof of ownership we will identify the correct rights.
You may NOT modify, copy, reproduce, republish, transmit, broadcast, transfer, sell, download, derive and create works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, without our permission.
You may use the content for personal, non-commercial, and non-public use ensuring you comply with all relevant copyright laws.
You are forbidden to create mirrors of our content without our permission. You are forbidden to hot-link our images without our permission.
Privacy policy
In line with recent changes to data protection legislation in the UK and Europe we would like to direct you to our updated Privacy Policy  here.
Mod of the Month October 2020 in Association with Corsair
November 6 2020 | 17:30
TOP STORIES
SUGGESTED FOR YOU
Site Links
Home
Terms
About
Advertise
Award Guide
Contact Us
Popular Companies
NVIDIA
AMD
Intel
Corsair
APPLE
Google
Microsoft
Steam
arm
ASUS
MSI
GIGABYTE
let's get social
Copyright © 2000 - 2020, bit-tech.net. All rights reserved.
Login Form