https://blog.google/products/chrome/more-intuitive-privacy-and-security-controls-chrome/
The Keyword
Latest stories
Product updates
Product updates
Android, Chrome & Play
Android
Chrome
Chromebooks
Google Play
Wear OS by Google
Devices & Services
Chromecast
Google Nest
Pixel
Pixelbook
Stadia
Explore & Get Answers
Earth
Google Assistant
Maps
News
Search
Travel
Connect & Communicate
Duo
Photos
Translate
In The Cloud
Docs, Sheets and Slides
Gmail
Google Cloud
Meet
More on the Cloud Blog
See all product updates
Company news
Company news
Outreach & initiatives
Diversity and inclusion
Education
Google.org
Grow with Google
Sustainability
See all
Technology
AI
Developers
Families
Next billion users
Safety and security
See all
Inside Google
Data centers and infrastructure
Doodles
Googlers
Life at Google
See all
Around the globe
Google in Africa
Google in Asia
Google in Europe
Google in Latin America
See all
Perspectives
Sundar Pichai, CEO
Ruth Porat, SVP and CFO
Kent Walker, SVP
See all
Press corner
RSS feed
Subscribe
Chrome
More intuitive privacy and security controls in Chrome
AbdelKarim Mardini
Senior Product Manager
Published May 19, 2020
Copy link
Keeping you safe and secure online is part of Chrome’s DNA. Along with providing strong default protections, we aim to give you accessible, intuitive, and useful controls so you can make choices that are right for you. So, today we’ve started rolling out new tools and a redesign of Chrome’s privacy and security settings on desktop, to help you control your safety on the web.
Easy to understand controlsWith this redesign, we’ve made the controls even easier to find and understand, with simplified language and visuals:It’s easier to manage cookies. You can choose if and how cookies are used by websites you visit, with options to block third-party cookies in regular or Incognito mode, and to block all cookies on some or all websites. In Site Settings, we’ve reorganized the controls into two distinct sections to make it easier to find the most sensitive website permissions: access to your location, camera or microphone, and notifications. A new section also highlights the most recent permissions activity.At the top of Chrome settings, you’ll see “You and Google” (previously “People”), where you can find sync controls. These controls put you in charge of what data is shared with Google to store in your Google Account  and made available across all your devices.Because many people regularly delete their browsing history, we’ve moved that control, “Clear browsing data”, to the top of the Privacy & Security section.
Clearer, more accessible controls to help you manage cookies.
Safety check in Chrome With our new safety check in settings, you can quickly confirm the safety of your experience in Chrome.The new tool will tell you if the passwords you’ve asked Chrome to remember have been compromised, and if so, how to fix them. It will flag if Safe Browsing, Google’s technology to warn before you visit a dangerous site or download a harmful app or extension, is turned off. The safety check tool also has a new additional way to quickly see if your version of Chrome is up to date, i.e. if it’s updated with the latest security protections. If malicious extensions are installed, it will tell you how and where to remove them.
Check if your passwords have been compromised and if so, fix them with Chrome’s help.
Third-party cookie controls in Incognito mode In Incognito mode, where people come for a more private browsing experience, Chrome doesn’t save your browsing history, information entered in forms or browser cookies. While we continue to work on our long-term effort to make the web more private and secure with Privacy Sandbox, we want to strengthen the Incognito protections in the meantime. In addition to deleting cookies every time you close the browser window in Incognito, we will also start blocking third-party cookies by default within each Incognito session and include a prominent control on the New Tab Page. You can allow third-party cookies for specific sites by clicking the “eye” icon in the address bar. This feature will gradually roll out, starting on desktop operating systems and on Android.
Incognito mode blocks third-party cookies within each session.
A new home for your extensionsStarting today you’ll start to see a new puzzle icon for your extensions on your toolbar. It’s a neat way to tidy up your toolbar, and gives you more control over what data extensions can access on sites you visit. With this addition, you’ll still be able to pin your favorite extensions to the toolbar.
Opening menu displays your extensions and shows you what data they can currently access.
Upgraded security with Enhanced Safe Browsing protection and Secure DNSWe’re bringing you two major security upgrades that you can opt in to. First, Enhanced Safe Browsing gives you more proactive and tailored protections from phishing, malware and other web-based threats. If you turn on Enhanced Safe Browsing, Chrome proactively checks whether pages and downloads are dangerous by sending information about them to Google Safe Browsing.  If you’re signed in to Chrome, then Chrome and other Google apps you use (Gmail, Drive, etc.) will further protect you based on a holistic view of threats you encounter on the web and attacks against your Google Account. Over the next year, we’ll be adding even more protections to this mode including tailored warnings for phishing sites and file downloads, and cross-product alerts.
Enhanced Safe Browsing offers the highest-level of security.
We’re also launching Secure DNS, a feature designed to improve your security and privacy while browsing the web. When you access a website, your browser first needs to determine which server is hosting it, using a step known as a "DNS (Domain Name System) lookup." Chrome's Secure DNS feature uses DNS-over-HTTPS to encrypt this step, thereby helping prevent attackers from observing what sites you visit or sending you to phishing websites. By default, Chrome will automatically upgrade you to DNS-over-HTTPS if your current service provider supports it. You can also configure a different secure DNS provider in the Advanced security section, or disable the feature altogether.
Secure DNS can be configured to use your current ISP's service if available (default), another provider from a list, or a custom provider.
These new updates and features, including our redesigned Privacy and Security settings, will be coming to Chrome on desktop platforms in upcoming weeks. We’ll continue to focus on features that protect your privacy and security as you’re browsing the web with Chrome, in addition to giving you clear and useful choices around managing your data.
Posted in:
Chrome
Related stories
Chrome
Making Chrome extensions more private and secure
By
Alexandre Blondin
Dec 9, 2020
Chrome
A faster Chrome, for everything you need to get done
By
Matt Waddell
Nov 17, 2020
Chrome
4 reasons to set Chrome as your default browser on iOS
By
Katia Muradyan
Sep 28, 2020
Google on iOS
Easier access to Search, Chrome and Gmail in iOS 14
By
Luke Wroblewski
Sep 18, 2020
Chrome
Organize your tabs and stay productive in Chrome
By
Alex Ainslie
Aug 25, 2020
Chrome
Keep tabs on your tabs in Google Chrome
By
Edward Jung
May 13, 2020
.
Let’s stay in touch. Get the latest news from Google in your inbox.
Subscribe
No thanks
Please check your network connection and
try again.
The latest news from Google, in your inbox.
Sign up to receive news and other stories from Google.
Your information will be used in accordance with
Google's privacy policy. You may opt out at any time.
Subscribe
Done! Check your inbox toconfirm your subscription.
OK, got it