https://blog.ca/privacy-policy/
NewsBreakingCOVID-19Press ReleaseCorporateArmyEconomyEnvironmentMedicineSportsTravel
Blog.ca may gather some personal information from our visitors when they visit our website. This information is kept confidential and only used to monitor and analyze website traffic.
From Where We Gather Personal Data
Comments
When visitors leave comments on our website we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our website you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded Content From Other Websites
Articles on this website may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic and pages of interest.
Google Analytics stores cookies on users’ PC, tablet or mobile phone to keep track of usage data. You can check Google Analytics Privacy Policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy
With Who We Share Your Data
Blog.ca does not share any personal data with anyone.
How Long We Retain Your Data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this website, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitor comments are checked through an automated spam detection service called Akismet. For more info please check Akismet Privacy Policy here: https://akismet.com/privacy/
Contact Information
For any privacy-specific concerns please send us an email at contact@blog.ca or use our contact form.
Recent PostsBitcoin Guide in Canada Includes Casinos14 hours agoHailey FaithHow Will Canadian Casinos Fare After the New Lockdown?16 hours agoStewart MuirPublic Letter to Board of Great Canadian Gaming Sent by Breach Inlet Capital18 hours agoMelissa CritchRestrictions Reimposed as Pandemic Surges Once Again20 hours agoHailey FaithChange Coming for Single-game Sports Betting in Canada2020-12-09Dani ScottTagsB.C.
Beirut
British Columbia
California
Canada
Casino
Casinos
Century Casinos
Children
China
Coronavirus
COVID-19
COVID19
Europe
Federal Government
gambling
Justin Trudeau
Loto Quebec
lottery
Montreal
NHL
Nova Scotia
Online Casino
Online Gambling
Ontario
Pandemic
Police
Quebec
Quebec City
RCMP
River Rock Casino
school
Schools
Sports Betting
Toronto
Trump
Twitter
U.S
UK
United States
US
USA
VIP
WE Charity
WHO
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. You consent to our cookie policy if you continue to use our website.OkNoCookie Policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies