https://blog.ca/cookie-policy/
NewsBreakingCOVID-19Press ReleaseCorporateArmyEconomyEnvironmentMedicineSportsTravel
General Cookie Introduction
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this website. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This website uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website by deleting the cookies from your browser.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Why Do We Use Cookies?
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. You consent to our cookie policy if you continue to use our website.
Website Functionality
If you leave a comment on our website you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website, you may wish to consult the policies of these third party websites for information regarding their use of cookies.
The share function is used by visitors to recommend our website and content on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. Cookies store information on how visitors use the share function – although not at an individual level.
This website uses Google Analytics which use cookies. This cookies store information on how visitors use the website, including the number of pages displayed, where the visitor comes from, and the number of visits, to improve the website and ensure a good user experience.
How To Reject Cookies?
You can choose to reject or block the cookies set by our website by changing your browser settings – see the “Help function” within your browser for further details. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies so if you do not wish cookies to be used, you may need to actively delete or block the cookies.
For information on the use of cookies in mobile phone or tablet browsers and for details on how to reject or delete such cookies, please refer to your mobile phone or tablet manual.
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. You consent to our cookie policy if you continue to use our website.OkNoCookie Policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke cookies