https://blogscene.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
Edward Thompson ("Edward")
operates BlogScene.co.uk and may operate other websites. It
is Edward's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Edward collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Edward's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Edward's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Edward may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Edward also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on BlogScene.co.uk
blogs/sites. Edward only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Edward's websites choose to interact
with Edward in ways that require Edward to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Edward gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at BlogScene.co.uk to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Edward are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Edward collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Edward. Edward does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Edward may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Edward may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Edward does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Edward discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Edward's behalf or to provide services available
at Edward's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Edward's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Edward will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Edward discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Edward believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Edward, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Edward website and have supplied your email address, Edward
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Edward and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Edward takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Edward uses cookies to
help Edward identify and track visitors, their usage of Edward
website, and their website access preferences. Edward visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Edward's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Edward's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Edward, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Edward goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Edward may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Edward and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Edward may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Edward's sole
discretion. Edward encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a BlogScene.co.uk account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Hey there, thanks for stopping by! I’m Ed and I guess we have the same
passion. I’m talking about traveling and photography. I truly hope you’ll find my website interesting and find something useful here.
Don’t be shy to contact me whenever you need anything.
Facebook FeedLatest TweetsEdward Thompson@blogscenecouk·6hHow to feed your traveller’s soul when you can’t travel physically https://blogscene.co.uk/how-to-feed-your-travellers-soul-when-you-cant-travel-physically/Edward Thompson@blogscenecouk·24 NovWhy serviced apartments are better than hotels that cost the same https://blogscene.co.uk/why-serviced-apartments-are-better-than-hotels-that-cost-the-same/Edward Thompson@blogscenecouk·24 NovHow to care for an organic jute bag at home https://blogscene.co.uk/how-to-care-for-an-organic-jute-bag-at-home/
I Can Help You With
Categories
Architecture
Food and Drink
General News
Lifestyle
Hotels & Resorts
Travel
Africa
Asia
Australia
Europe
North America
South America
About Ed
Contact Ed