https://blueclawdb.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home
Access Database
Tutorials
Union Query Simple Example
Alternating Line Color in Access Reports
Access Aggregate Functions
Access API Query Example
Access Report Tutorial
Access Barchart
Audit Trail
Access Database Security Alternative
Active Labels: Form Links Using Labels
Access Using External Tables
Automatically Logout Idle Users
Access AddtoFavorites Method Example
BeforeUpdate Event
BeforeInsert Event
Calculate Running Sum Recordset Operation
Choose Function in Access
Combo Box Based on Table
Combo Box Tutorial
Concatenate Rows
Create Index in Microsoft Access
Create Table in Access
Database Tables: How to Link Tables in a Relational Database
Exit Event
Form Field Validation
Insert Into in Access
Report Banding / Banding Report Line Colors
Microsoft Access Table Design Tips and Tricks
Mortgage Loan Processing Software
VBA ConvertAccessProject
VBA Global Variables
Visual Basic Tutorials
Missing Reference to Calendar OCX
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://blueclawdb.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitors IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select Remember Me, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Who we share your data with and what rights you have over your data.
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
AtBlue Claw Database Design(we), respects the privacy of those who visit our company website and of our clients who use Blue Claw for their database consulting needs. We will never share your personally identifiable information with any third parties or send you unsolicited communications. More specifically:
We do not collect any individual information from visitors to our website.
We do not provide information to any third parties
We do not send unsolicited emails
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click the specific links below.
Advertisers may use Interest Based Advertising when displaying advertisements on this website. Here is more information onInterest Based Advertising.
The following third parties may display advertisements on this website (the list may change without notice):
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Googles use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting theGoogle ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies,click here.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Tutorials Index:
Access SQL Select Top
SQL Union Query
Scalar SubQuery
Select Query
Access Append Query
SQL Delete Query
Aggregate Query
Too Complex Query
MultiSelect Parameter Forms
Visual Basic Tutorial
Access Query Examples
Table Design Tutorial
DB Connection Strings
Combo Box Lessons
Application Objects
Docmd Action Tutorial
Domain Aggregate Fx
Form Event Guidance
Table Level Event
Form Coding Lessons
Report Programming
Access Security Training
Table Management DDL
Export Specifications
Access Run-Time Errors
Access 2007 Issues
Missing Reference
Illustrative DB Download
Repair Corrupted Table
DB Templates For Sale
Access Sample Screens >
Visual Basic Functions >