https://bluelance.com/privacy-policy
Products
Support
About
Blog
Partners
Contact
DOWNLOAD
Privacy PolicyHome/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2014-11-07T23:20:51+00:00
This Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for Blue Lance and for its web site (www.bluelance.com) and localized versions of that site, including the type of personal information collected and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
BLUE LANCE is committed to protecting your privacy. Regardless of the nature or source of your personal information in our possession, BLUE LANCE will use that information solely for internal business purposes. We will not sell your personal information. If we share your personal information with third parties performing services for us, or acting on our behalf, we will contractually require them to protect your information.
Collection of Personal Information
In general, you can visit this site without telling us who you are or disclosing personal information about yourself; only the name of the domain from which you access the Internet as well as the Internet address and the date and time you access this web site are logged. The user otherwise remains anonymous. BLUE LANCE uses such non-personal information to analyze trends as well as measure the number of visitors to different parts of this site and how much time they spend there, to help us make the site more useful to visitors. BLUE LANCE recognizes as “personal information” the information that personally identifies you, plus any associated information that allows us to contact you, or that allows us to respond more effectively to a request from you. Your personal information may be known to us because you have licensed products from us. Or we may come into possession of your personal information through a variety of means, both active and passive, of types described below.
We request personal information when you are registering an account with the bleulance.com site or registering to receive information such as a white paper or newsletter, entering a contest, signing up for an event or training, or downloading or purchasing BLUE LANCE products. Personal information collected through bluelance.com is generally limited to your name, contact information, job title, and areas of job responsibility, but may include other information when needed to provide a service you requested.
In other cases, certain actions by you will have the effect of providing personal information to BLUE LANCE. For example, you may participate in a BLUE LANCE blog, chat or forum, or send an e-mail message to BLUE LANCE requesting a response. Additionally, your action in response to a BLUE LANCE-initiated contact may allow BLUE LANCE to associate your personal and non-personal information, and that association would also be treated as personal information.
Use of Personal Information
When you provide personal information or data to BLUE LANCE, you are consenting to the use of that data by BLUE LANCE, as stated in this Privacy Statement. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which BLUE LANCE or its affiliates, contractors, or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country in compliance with applicable law.
BLUE LANCE will primarily use your personal information to:
Provide you with periodic information you agreed to receive about BLUE LANCE products, services, and events
Allow you to purchase and/or download products and/or receive support or other services for BLUE LANCE products
Deliver information regarding products or services that you request or purchase
Gather demographic information about BLUE LANCE web site visitor trends
Allow you to access limited-entry areas of our site as appropriate
Insure our Site is relevant to your needs
Alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from BLUE LANCE, unless you have opted out of this use.
BLUE LANCE may send out periodic e-mails informing you of a technical service or security issues related to a product or service you have requested or purchased, or confirming your request or purchase of a product or service. You will not be able to choose to unsubscribe from these mailings, as they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen.
Sharing of Personal Information
Regardless of the nature or source of your personal information in our possession will use that information solely for internal business purposes. We will not sell your personal information. If we share your information with third parties performing services for us, or acting on our behalf, we will not allow them to use your information for other purposes, and we will contractually require them to protect your information.
Otherwise, BLUE LANCE will not share your personal information unless compelled to do so by exceptional conditions such as the following: BLUE LANCE may be required to share information by law or legal edict; BLUE LANCE may share information in a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to protect the personal safety of BLUE LANCE users, protect and defend the rights or property of BLUE LANCE and its family of web sites, or protect the public; BLUE LANCE may share information if a complaint or legal action arises from your posted content on an BLUE LANCE bulletin board; or the information may pass to another entity in connection with an asset sale of a BLUE LANCE product line, or of substantially all of the business of BLUE LANCE.
Related Subjects
Correction of Errors. You may update or correct your contact information online by visiting your MyBlueLance page.
Unsubscribing from Email Communications. To unsubscribe from marketing emails, change product notification email settings, and/or update user forum email settings, contact us via info@bluelance.com.
Data Security. BLUE LANCE uses restrictive technologies and processes to help ensure against loss, misuse, destruction and unauthorized access of all of its data, including your personal information. Technologies include commercial quality anti-virus software and firewall protection.
Cookies. Some BLUE LANCE web pages, and some BLUE LANCE e-mail communications, make use of “cookies.” A cookie is a small file that a website may send to your browser when you visit a page, or when you open an e-mail or a document; and your browser may store the cookie on your hard drive. Cookie delivery may be triggered by invisible content (such as an image file or “beacon”) embedded in web pages or other materials. Cookies help us to collect and aggregate non-personal information about our interactions with visitors, so that we can improve the general operations of our site and the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. Additionally, by enabling us to observe your use of our site, and your actions in response to materials we send you, cookies help us to tailor our communications to your interests when you return to this site, and when we send materials to you. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie, so that you can decide whether to accept it. If you choose to reject cookies from BLUE LANCE, you will not experience a personalized visit and you may not be able to access certain screens or subscribe to certain offerings on the site.
Children’s data. No advertising, content, visual or audio content, language, or other characteristics of the bluelance.com web site are directed to children. BLUE LANCE web sites do not intentionally collect information from children. If you are under the age of 18, do not submit personal information without parental consent. BLUE LANCE understands and follows the applicable laws and requirements of United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Links on bluelance.com. For convenience BLUE LANCE may provide links to other web sites. BLUE LANCE is not responsible for the privacy practices of the owners of those web sites or for any content on those sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted by the web site owner if you choose to visit any of these web sites.
Advertising on bluelance.com. BLUE LANCE on occasion may allow others to advertise on bluelance.com. Such advertisers may collect personal information, and may share it with us, and in that case the information we receive will be subject to these BLUE LANCE privacy practices. However, BLUE LANCE is not responsible for the privacy practices of the advertisers. If you wish to restrict an advertiser’s use or further disclosure of your personal information, you must visit their web site and follow any steps outlined there for protection of your privacy.
Public Postings. If you disclose your personal information online in a community area, that information can be collected and used by others in the community. BLUE LANCE has no control over such use of your personal information, even if the community area you used is, or appears to be, associated with BLUE LANCE—for example, a BLUE LANCE bulletin board.
Notification of changes. BLUE LANCE will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will change the “last updated” date on this page. You agree to visit this site from time to time to review the current applicable policies.
Questions or Comments
Questions or comments regarding the BLUE LANCE privacy statement should be directed by email to info@bluelance.com or by postal mail to:
BLUE LANCE.Inc
410 Pierce Suite 300
Houston, Texas 77002
© 2014 BLUE LANCE Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok