https://boldinsight.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyOur Privacy Policy is applicable to all users. Jump to the section that is relevant to you:Users of our websiteBold Insight study participantsSpecial Privacy Shield notice to European and Swiss residents PRIVACY POLICYBold Insight, Inc. is a United States based company that provides user experience and human factors research and consulting services. The nature of our business involves recruitment of human participants for studies with new and existing technologies.This Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Bold Insight Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Bold Insight” or “us” or “we”) anytime you interact with Bold Insight or visit our website at www.boldinsight.com (together with any mobile or app versions of such website, the “website”). Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Bold Insight, and we go to great lengths to protect it.We reserve the right to change the terms and provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time and for any purpose without notice. You should visit this page regularly and review this Privacy Policy for the current version, since your continued access or use of the website will be deemed as an irrevocable acceptance of any such changes, modifications or alterations.IMPORTANT: IF YOU MAKE USE OF THE SITE, REGISTER WITH THE SITE, REQUEST INFORMATION THAT WE MAY OFFER, OR SUBMIT INFORMATION IN ANY WAY TO OR THROUGH THE SITE YOU AGREE TO PRIVACY POLICY AS THEN IN PLACE. AS WE UPDATE AND EXPAND OUR SERVICES, THIS POLICY MIGHT CHANGE, SO PLEASE REVIEW IT FROM TIME TO TIME.SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy covers the followings methods with which we may collect personal information:personal information collected from your use of the websitepersonal information collected from human participants in Bold Insight studieshuman resources personal informationIf you use our website: WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior experience and level of customer service. Your personal information also helps us and our third-party advertising partners deliver more relevant ads to you when you visit the website.WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE MAY USE ITWe will ask for your personal information if you wish to create an account with us for the purpose of receiving company updates, blog posts, related company news. We may at that time require that you provide personally identifiable information, including without limitation your name and email address.We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information regarding customer activities on our website. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to users and to understand which parts of our website and Internet services are of most interest to them.When you submit reviews or comments to the website, you will provide us with the contents of your submission.We will also collect the information described below under “Cookies, Tracking and Other Technologies” when you use the website.We may use your personal information to provide services that you have requested, respond to your requests, and send you communications, as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve the products offered on our website.PUBLICLY DISPLAYED INFORMATION IS PUBLICIf you use the review or comment feature on the website, you should be aware that your user name and any other information you share may be visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit in this manner can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. For example, if you submit a review that includes information that was previously non-public, Bold Insight will collect that information from your interaction and the information may become publicly available. Bold Insight is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in this manner.WHEN WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONTo help us provide superior service, your personal information may be shared with actual and prospective assignees and licensees of the website, its content, or any portion thereof, including your submissions and personal information. In addition, the personal and other information you provide to Bold Insight is considered an asset of the company and may be included among transferred assets if the website, Bold Insight or any parent company is acquired by a third party.There are also times when Bold Insight makes certain personal information about you available to companies or individuals to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. We call them our “Service Providers.” We may share personally identifiable information with Service Providers solely as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but we prohibit them from using such information for any other purpose unless we inform you otherwise at the time of collection.At times we may be required by law, litigation, arbitration or similar legal process to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if you consent to it or if we determine that disclosure is necessary for national security, law enforcement, personal safety, or other issues of public importance.HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONBold Insight takes precautions – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We use reasonable and customary measures to safeguard the security of your personal information. Nonetheless, transmissions made on or through the Internet and information stored by us are vulnerable to attack and cannot be guaranteed to be secure. You hereby acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet or data loss caused by “hacks,” malicious attacks or other breaches caused by third parties, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of information obtained by means of an unauthorized interception or breach.COOKIES, TRACKING AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIESLike many websites, Bold Insight’s website uses cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We may use these technologies to study traffic patterns on our website. This information helps us make the website more rewarding and helps us study the effectiveness of our customer communications. We also use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us. For example, your account information and information about your computer helps us operate the website efficiently. You may have the ability to decline to permit cookies or other tracking technology, but in that case we cannot promise you that all features of the website will function properly as a result.As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Bold Insight will not use this type of collected information to market directly to that person. We may share aggregated anonymous information with third parties to assist in analyzing, operating, maintaining, and improving the website and placing advertising on it.We also may use third-party website analytics tools (such as Google Analytics) that collect information about visitor traffic on our website. The information we may collect by these tools is similar to that collected by the technologies described above and includes:Information about the devices our visitors use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser and operating system type);URLs that refer visitors to the website;Dates and times of visits to the website;Information on actions taken on the website (such as page views and site navigation patterns);A general geographic location (such as country and city) from which a visitor accesses our website; andSearch terms that visitors use to reach the website. In some of the email messages from us or those whose products are available on our website, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on Bold Insight website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We may track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked, simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.]CLICKSTREAM DATAAs you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “Clickstream Data,” can be collected and stored by a web site’s server. As noted above, we collect Clickstream Data. Clickstream Data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to our website. We may use Clickstream Data as a form of non-personal information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of the website, how visitors navigate throughout the website and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information will only be used to improve the website. Any collection or use of Clickstream Data will be anonymous and aggregate.HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK (DNT) SIGNALSThe California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how the website responds to “Do Not Track” browser settings. The website does not react to or honor any “do not track” technologies that you may choose to utilize because uniform technological and commercial standards have not yet been developed.THIRD-PARTY SITESOur website has links to the sites of advertisers and other third parties. Bold Insight is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies, which may collect personally identifiable information about you.CHILDREN AND MINORSOur website and app are intended for use by adults only and we do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from minors under the age of 18. If we collect personal information from someone we learn to be under 18 years of age, such personal information shall immediately be deleted. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 18 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at privacy [at] boldinsight.com.If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of our website, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to privacy@boldinsight.com and include “CA Removal Request” in the subject line. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.CHANGESWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. You will be notified of changes by updates to this Privacy Policy. The date on which this Privacy Policy was last adopted or changed will be set forth at the top of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about the changes that were implemented, please contact us at privacy@boldinsight.com and include “Information Regarding Updated Policy” in the subject line. In any event, your continued use of the website after such change constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use our website.PERSONAL INFORMATION GATHERED UNDER PREVIOUS VERSIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICYPersonal information collected via the website will generally be governed by the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information was gathered. We will not retroactively make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information collected under previous versions of this Privacy Policy without obtaining your consent.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSUnder certain circumstances, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 states that, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, a business may be required to provide detailed information regarding how that business has shared that customer’s personal information with third parties for direct marking purposes. This requirement does not currently apply to Bold Insight. California users may request further information about their rights under this law and our policy by writing to us at privacy@boldinsight.com, using the subject line “CA Request for Information,” and requesting further information.USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATESIf you are visiting the website from a location outside of the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States and all information you provide will be processed and securely maintained in our web servers and internal systems located within the United States. IN ADDITION, IF YOU ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU SHOULD NOTE THAT YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED STATES, THE LAWS OF WHICH MAY BE DEEMED BY OTHER COUNTRIES TO HAVE INADEQUATE DATA PROTECTION. If you are a citizen of the EU or Switzerland, please see the PRIVACY SHIELD NOTICE below. Users of the website located in countries outside of the United States of America who submit personal information do thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to and/or storage of the information in the United States of America.APPLICABLE LAWThis Privacy Policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of the State of Delaware and the United States of America, regardless of the location of any user. Any claims or complaints must be filed in the United States of America in the State of Delaware.UPDATING OR REMOVING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONPlease contact us at any time to update or remove your personal information. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort or expense (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems). Please be aware that a removal request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have provided and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not allow removal even if requested.DISCLAIMEROur website and app operate AS-IS, and we do not represent or warrant that they will be available at all times, or that your use of the website will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the website, or for matters beyond our control. If you are a participant in a Bold Insight study: WHY WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATIONBold Insight conducts human factors and user experience research studies to help improve products and services for our clients and their customers. Studies may be conducted remotely or in-person. Prior to the study session, we need to collect certain types of personal information to identify you and qualify you for our study. During the session, a typical study may include an interview with you while you interact with the study stimuli, which, for example, might be a website or device. In a remote study, we may ask you to share your computer or phone screen and/or join a meeting via video. Depending on the study, we may collect video and audio recordings of your session so we can analyze the results, which helps to improve the design of products and services for our clients. Your session may also be securely live streamed to other viewers involved in the study. To learn more about how we secure your information, see below under SECURITY. Prior to your participation in any Bold Insight study you will be provided with an Informed Consent Form containing details specific to your study with the option to opt in or opt out.WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE MAY USE IT When you participate in a Bold Insight study, Bold Insight may collect any of the following information as applicable for that study. You will always have the choice to opt in or opt out of providing this information.Contact details such as name, address, telephone number, and email addressSocial security, driver’s license or passport number for identification purposesIdentification of workplace and position (title)Video and audio recordings of faces and voicesInformation collected from a recruiting firm which recruited you for our studyInformation regarding any relevant experience or subject matter expertise necessary for the studyMedical condition and any prescribed medications, when applicable for the studyRelevant professional licensing number (e.g., medical license number)Demographic information such as age, household income, race, gender, ethnicityOpinions, specifically limited to opinions on the products or services in the study ONWARD TRANSFER AND SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIn the context of its business and with your consent, Bold Insight may transfer your personal information to its client, which would be the sponsor of the study. In some cases, our client will request data that includes your personal information. Transfer of this data that includes your personal information allows our client to improve the design of the product or service that is being developed. In many cases, we will simply transfer aggregate reports which do not contain your personal information or any information that can be used to identify you. Aggregate reports are those wherein the information you provide is anonymized and combined with that of other study participants for the purposes of analysis as a whole, where this information cannot be used to identify you. We do not share your personal information with other third-parties, nor do we permit the use of your personal information for any reason other than that for which it was originally provided, which will always be described in the informed consent form provided to you prior to your participation in the study. In such cases of transfer of your personal information, Bold Insight remains liable for the protection of personal information under the Principles of the Privacy Shield if the third party handles the information in a manner inconsistent with Privacy Shield Principles. In the event information will be transferred, Bold Insight provides clear and unambiguous advanced notice and a description of the purpose of transfer to the data subject, who will have the opportunity to decline. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONBold Insight will only use your personal information to the extent necessary to carry out the research as specified in the informed consent form provided to you prior to your participation in our study. Your personal information will be deleted upon completion of that research, which may take up to 6-12 months. Video and audio recordings may be retained for longer periods for review at a later date, but these recordings are only used in support of the purpose for which they were originally collected. Aggregate reports of your personal information may be developed and retained for longer periods. This means that information you provide is anonymized and combined with that of other study participants for analysis where this information cannot be used to identify you.  SECURITYTo ensure ongoing protection of your personal information, Bold Insight has implemented information security practices consistent with industry standards. This includes technical, physical, administrative, and organizational measures we have implemented to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal information and safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou have the right to access, amend, correct, access, or transfer your personal information at any time. Additionally, you have the right to request us to limit the use of, block transfer of, or delete your personal information from our records. To make any request regarding your personal information, please contact our Data Privacy Officer at dpo@boldinsight.com.PRIVACY SHIELD NOTICEIMPORTANT NOTE: A recent ruling from the EU courts has invalidated the US-EU and US-Swiss Privacy Shield programs. As a result, depending on your country of citizenship, the following recourse mechanisms may not be available to you. However, Bold Insight remains compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and is committed to providing a satisfactory resolution to any complaint or grievance you may have. As always, please contact dpo@boldinsight.com for any questions, concerns, or complaints. Bold Insight complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.  Bold Insight has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.This Privacy Shield Notice supplements our Privacy Policy above. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Bold Insight’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.HOW TO CONTACT US OR FILE A COMPLAINTIn compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Bold Insight commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our use of your personal information or our Privacy Shield policy should first contact the Bold Insight’s Data Privacy Officer at dpo@boldinsight.com.If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) or Switzerland and our internal dispute mechanism does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may contact or submit a complaint, at no cost to you, to the following resolution providers:For residents of the EU, contact the EU Data Protection Authorities at https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en)For residents of Switzerland: contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/task.html In addition, in the context of an employment relationship, Bold Insight commits to cooperate with the EU Data Protection Authorities and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland. These organizations adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles.Individuals have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms and then link to Annex I for additional information: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction. DISCLOSURE BY LAWIn response to lawful requests from public authorities, Bold insight is obligated to disclose personal information, including such situations to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.CONTACT USIf you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about Bold Insight, this Privacy Shield Notice, or our Privacy Policy, please contact us:dpo@boldinsight.comBold Insight Attn: Data Privacy Officer 2001 Butterfield Rd., Suite 360 Downers Grove, IL 60515 United StatesCCPA NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents with several rights for control over their data. The terms used in this CCPA Notice but not defined here will have the same meaning as defined under the CCPA: Prior to participation in any Bold Insight study, you will be provided with an Informed Consent Form detailing the categories of personal information being collected for your study. The Privacy Policy above details categories of personal information collected by Bold Insight in general.Bold Insight does not use your information for any purpose other than the purpose outlined in your Informed Consent Form notice, including the sale of your personal information. Additional information regarding onward transfer and sharing of your personal information is described in the above Privacy Policy.Bold Insight does not discriminate against you in any way for exercising your rights under the CCPA. If you are a California resident and have been a participant in a Bold Insight study or have otherwise submitted your personal information to Bold Insight, you have the right to request Bold Insight to disclose to you what personal information we have collected, used, or shared about you, and why we collected, used, or shared that information. Specifically, you may request that we disclose:The categories of personal information collectedSpecific pieces of personal information collectedThe categories of sources from which Bold Insight collected personal informationThe purposes for which Bold Insight uses the personal informationThe categories of third parties with whom Bold Insight shares the personal informationYou may also request us to delete your personal information, subject to legal and regulatory exceptions.For additional information about your rights under the CCPA, or to request disclosure or deletion of your personal information, please contact us at dpo@boldinsight.com or submit a written notice to the address below. Bold Insight is required under the CCPA to respond to your written request within 45 calendar days.Bold InsightAttn: Data Privacy Officer2001 Butterfield Rd., Suite 360Downers Grove, IL 60515United States