https://brighterion.com/terms/
Skip to content
Terms of ServicesDan Rampe2020-04-27T18:34:07-07:00
Brighterion Security Terms of Service (“Agreement”) This Agreement was last modified on August 31, 2016. Please read these Terms of Service (“Agreement”, “Terms of Service”) carefully before using brighterion.com (“the Site”) operated by Brighterion Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at brighterion.com. By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement. Intellectual property The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Brighterion Inc. and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. Termination We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability. Links to other sites Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Brighterion Inc.  Brighterion Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit. Changes to this Agreement We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Service.
Social Share
Facebook
Twitter
Go to Top
Manage Cookies