http://broadgun.com/genp/privacy-policy.html
Toggle navigation
Purchase
Download
pdfMachine
Overview
Features / Benefits
Online Help
Download
pdfMachine editions
pdfMachine white
pdfMachine office
pdfMachine pro
pdfMachine ultimate
pdfMachine batch
Compare Editions
pdfMachine Version Protection
pdfMachine Merge
pdfMachine Scan/OCR
pdfMachine SDK
pdfMachine sig
Release History
pdfMachine Licensing Agreement
Email merge capabilities
Email merge with attached PDF using pdfMachine merge
Email merge from Legacy Application
Email merge with attached PDF from Word add-in
Compare pdfMachine mail merge functions
Online Help
pdfMachine Help
Email merge with attached PDF Help
FAQ
Technical Utilities
Tips
Tutorials
pdfMachine YouTube channel
pdfMachine Tutorials
pdfMachine Merge Tutorials
Products
pdfMachine overview
pdfMachine edition comparison
pdfMachine merge
pdfMachine SDK
pdfMachine sig
pdfMachine Command Line Tools
Company
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Language
EN
ES
FR
IT
PT
PL
PRIVACY POLICY
Broadgun Software Pty Ltd (‘Broadgun Software’) is an Australian Company.
1. We respect your privacy
a. Broadgun Software respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and website visitors. This policy sets out how we collect and treat your personal information.
b. We adhere to the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and to the extent applicable, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
c. “Personal information” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you. This includes information such as your name, email address, or any other type of information that can reasonably identify an individual, either directly or indirectly.
d. You may contact us via email info@broadgun.com for further information about this Privacy Policy.
2. What personal information is collected
a. Broadgun Software will, from time to time, receive and store personal information you submit to our website, provided to us directly or given to us in other forms.
b. You may provide basic information such as your name, phone number, address and email address to enable us to send you information, provide updates and process your product or service order.
c. We may collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, when you chat with us online using our chat system, when you provide information about your personal or business affairs, change your content or email preference, respond to surveys and/or promotions, provide financial or credit card information, or communicate with our customer support.
d. Additionally, we may also collect any other information you provide while interacting with us.
3. How we collect your personal information
a. Broadgun Software collects personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you interact with us electronically or in person, when you access our website and when we engage in business activities with you. We may receive personal information from third parties. If we do, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
b. By providing us with personal information, you consent to the supply of that information subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
4. How we use your personal information
Broadgun Software may use personal information collected from you to provide you with information about our products or services. We may also make you aware of new and additional products, services and opportunities available to you.
Broadgun Software will use personal information only for the purposes that you consent to. This may include to:
a. provide you with products and services during the usual course of our business activities;
b. administer our business activities;
c. manage, research and develop our products and services;
d. provide you with information about our products and services;
e. communicate with you; and
f. investigate any complaints.
If you withhold your personal information, it may not be possible for us to provide you with our products and services or for you to fully access our website.
We may disclose your personal information to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, legal proceedings or in response to a law enforcement agency request.
If there is a change of control in our business or a sale or transfer of business assets, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible at law our user databases, together with any personal information and non-personal information contained in those databases.
5. Disclosure of your personal information
a. Broadgun Software may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. Personal information is only supplied to a third party when it is required for the delivery of our services.
b. If we do disclose your personal information to a third party, we will protect it in accordance with this privacy policy.
6. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for the European Union (EU)
a. Broadgun Software will comply with the principles of data protection set out in the GDPR for the purpose of fairness, transparency and lawful data collection and use.
b. We process your personal information as a Processor and/or to the extent that we are a Controller as defined in the GDPR.
c. We must establish a lawful basis for processing your personal information. The legal basis for which we collect your personal information depends on the data that we collect and how we use it.
d. We will only collect your personal information with your express consent for a specific purpose and any data collected will be to the extent necessary and not excessive for its purpose. We will keep your data safe and secure.
e. We will also process your personal information if it is necessary for our legitimate interests, or to fulfil a contractual or legal obligation.
f. We process your personal information if it is necessary to protect your life or in a medical situation, it is necessary to carry out a public function, a task of public interest or if the function has a clear basis in law.
g. We do not collect or process any personal information from you that is considered “Sensitive Personal Information” under the GDPR, such as personal information relating to your sexual orientation or ethnic origin unless we have obtained your explicit consent, or if it is being collected subject to and in accordance with the GDPR.
h. You must not provide us with your personal information if you are under the age of 16 without the consent of your parent or someone who has parental authority for you. We do not knowingly collect or process the personal information of children.
7. Your rights under the GDPR
If you are an individual residing in the EU, you have certain rights as to how your personal information is obtained and used. Broadgun Software complies with your rights under the GDPR as to how your personal information is used and controlled if you are an individual residing in the EU.
Except as otherwise provided in the GDPR, you have the following rights:
a. to be informed how your personal information is being used;
b. access your personal information (we will provide you with a free copy of it);
c. to correct your personal information if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
d. to delete your personal information (also known as “the right to be forgotten”);
e. to restrict processing of your personal information;
f. to retain and reuse your personal information for your own purposes;
g. to object to your personal information being used; and
h. to object against automated decision making and profiling.
Please contact us at any time to exercise your rights under the GDPR at the contact details in this Privacy Policy.
We may ask you to verify your identity before acting on any of your requests.
8. Hosting and International Data Transfers
a. Information that we collect may from time to time be stored, processed in or transferred between parties or sites located in countries outside of Australia. These may include, but are not limited to Australia and Canada where our hosting facilities reside.
9. Security of your personal information
a. Broadgun Software is committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
b. Where we employ data processors to process personal information on our behalf, we only do so on the basis that such data processors comply with the requirements under the GDPR and that have adequate technical measures in place to protect personal information against unauthorised use, loss and theft.
10. Access to your personal information
a. You may request details of personal information that we hold about you in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), and to the extent applicable the EU GDPR. If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you or believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please email us at info@broadgun.com.
b. We reserve the right to refuse to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act or any other applicable law.
11. Complaints about privacy
a. If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to send in details of your complaints to info@broadgun.com. We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint.
12. Changes to Privacy Policy
a. Please be aware that we may change this Privacy Policy in the future. We may modify this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy.
13. Website
a. When you visit our websites (those with suffixes, but not limited to, broadgun.com, pdfmachine.com), we may collect certain information such as date and time, your device type, browser type, operating system, website visited immediately before coming to our site, etc. This information is used in an aggregated manner to analyse how people use our site, such that we can improve our service.
b. Cookies
To improve your experience on our site, we use ‘cookies’. Cookies are an industry standard and most web sites use them. Cookies are very small files your browser stores on your computer which a website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the site. Cookies are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
c. Website analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, www.google.com (“Google Analytics” or “Google”). Google Analytics is a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the USA. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in Google’s Privacy Policy and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or use the opt-out service provided by Google.
d. Live Chat
We use tawkto, a web application used to offer our live chat support services which is provided by tawk.to Inc.
You may find tawk.to’s privacy policy here. https://www.tawk.to/privacy-policy/
e. Social Media Sharing
Broadgun Software also uses interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and others. If you choose to “like” or “share” information from this website through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect your visits to this site with other Personal Information.
f. Stripe and Paypal
Broadgun Software uses the payment processing companies Stripe & Paypal to handle online payments.
Broadgun Software does not have access to credit card numbers and expiry dates from these services.
You may find Stripe's privacy policy https://stripe.com/au/privacy and;
the Paypal privacy policy https://www.paypal.com/va/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
h. Third party sites
Our site may from time to time have links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that Broadgun Software is not responsible for the privacy practises of other such websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal identifiable information.
14. Google API's
a. The "pdfMachine merge" product may use the following Google APIs: Gmail, Google Drive, Google Sheets.
b. Google APIs use an OAuth consent mechanism which results in the user being presented with a webpage asking if it is ok for pdfMachine merge to access their data.
The concept of scopes is used to restrict that access.
pdfMachine merge only requests the scopes it needs to do the job at hand.
The credentials for the granted access remain on the users machine. At no stage is any data obtained from Google APIs passed to any service or individual at Broadgun Software or any 3rd parties.
The data is only used by pdfMachine merge to do its job. The following Google API scopes may be requested:
c. gmail.send - Sending emails is core functionality in pdfMachine merge. If the user has a Gmail account, they may choose to use the Gmail API to send emails.
d. spreadsheets.readonly - Spreadsheet data is core to pdfMachine merge.
The user can choose to use data stored in a google sheet.
e. drive.readonly - When the user decides to use a google sheet they are presented with a list of sheets on their google drive.
f. drive - This is used when the user wants pdfMachine merge to upload email attachments to their drive account.
19th May 2020