https://btrax.com/privacy-policy/
Protection of Privacy and Personal Information Policy
The following personal information protection policy is applied to personal information btrax, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "our company") obtained through our website and services, and other partners. Please note that it will not apply to linked external websites.
Personal Information
Personal information is information on individuals regardless of our customers, employees of business partners or employees of our company, and identifies specific individuals by name, date of birth and other descriptions included in said information Refers to what can be done (including those that can easily be compared with other information, thereby identifying a particular individual).
Scope of Our Use of Personal Information
All personal information subject to the protection of our company will only be used in the following:
1. Personal information to contact in case of purchase, renewal, change of user etc. of products and services
2. Personal information entered on our website under our jurisdiction
3. Personal information sent to the email address of our company
4. Personal information received by phone
5. Registration to an event or personal information that we contracted when answering the questionnaire.
We will not be responsible for the protection of personal information if you have sent your personal information outside the above range.
Purpose of Using Personal Information
Personal information acquired by our company will be used for the following purposes:
1. To provide services such as providing, updating and changing services
2. Marketing research and analysis
3. Information on our services, campaigns and seminars etc.
Management of Personal Information
We will strictly manage your personal information collected by our company. We take preventive measures concerning unauthorized access to personal information, loss, destruction, leakage, etc. In addition, we will take corrective action promptly if anything happens. We will comply with laws, judicial precedents and other norms concerning personal information protection.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose and provide personal information to products and service developers and subcontractors for the purposes specified by us. We will not provide personal information to third parties other than the product developer or our company's outsourcer without consent of the person except when there is a request from the judicial authorities etc. If you wish to inquire, modify or delete your own personal information, we will respond within reasonable scope by contacting the person in charge.
About This Policy
We will revise these policies as necessary. Information after the revision will be posted on our website.
Person in Charge
For inquiries on the Protection of Privacy and Personal Information Policy,please contact from the following window.
Contact: tokyo@btrax.com
March 10, 2015
update
btrax, Inc.
HOME
SERVICES
WORK
ABOUT
FRESHTRAX
CONTACT US
San Francisco
415.344.0907
sf@btrax.com
665 Third St. Suite 536San Francisco, CA 94107
Tokyo
03.6683.0853
tokyo@btrax.com
FARO 201, 2-15-5 Minami-Aoyama Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 107-0062