https://btrax.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
This website is operated by btrax, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "our company"). Please acknowledge the following items and use this website. Please also note that our website policy may be revised without notice depending on need for improvement.
About the Links
About the links to this website, regardless of profit, non-profit or intranet, it is unnecessary to contact when adding links.However, we will refuse the link for the following sites:
1. Links from sites slandering or slandering our business, services, etc.
2. Links from sites that contain contents contrary to public order and morals
3. Links from sites involved in illegal content and activities
4. Other links which we judge as inappropriate
About Links to Third Party Sites
Since destination site of the link is not under the control of our company, we are not responsible for any information of the linked website or any problems arising from its contents. We are only offering these links for the convenience of our customers, and it does not mean that we are recommending the linked site.
About Copyright
The texts, pictures, images, music, sounds and other works on this site are protected by copyrights, patents, trademarks and other rights owned by our company and its affiliates and third parties. You may not change, copy, distribute, screen, copy, publish, license, create derivative works, assign or transfer any information, software, products or services obtained through these Services without prior permission. You can not do sales, etc.
About Trademark
The rights relating to individual trademarks, logo marks and trade names appearing on this website are the property of our company or the owner of individual rights. Unless permitted by the Trademark Act or other laws, acts such as using them without obtaining our permission are prohibited by the Trademark Act.
Protection of Privacy and Personal Information
Use of this website is at your own risk. We do not assume any responsibility for any damage caused by information (including data types) obtained from the customer on this website. In addition, we assume no responsibility for any damage caused by the use of various information obtained from this website and other linked sites.
About Cookies
This website uses the services provided by Google Analytics to understand the use situation of the site. Therefore, we use cookies provided by Google Analytics on some pages. If you would like to know more about the use of cookies and information gathered by cookies, please review Google Analytics' privacy policy.
About Downloading Software and Files
When downloading software and files from the website of the linked site of this site, we ask that you properly observe the conditions concerning the license of the software. In addition, we do not assume any responsibility when using such software or files.
Person in Charge
For inquiries on terms of use, please contact from the following window.
Contact: tokyo@btrax.com
March 10, 2015
update
btrax, Inc.
HOME
SERVICES
WORK
ABOUT
FRESHTRAX
CONTACT US
San Francisco
415.344.0907
sf@btrax.com
665 Third St. Suite 536San Francisco, CA 94107
Tokyo
03.6683.0853
tokyo@btrax.com
FARO 201, 2-15-5 Minami-Aoyama Minato-ku, Tokyo, Japan 107-0062