https://buddymicrophones.com/terms-and-conditions/
Search for:
About
Investor Relations
Contact
Products
Custom Design
Buddy 7G Technology
Support
FAQ
Documentation
RMA Form
MyBuddyMic Video Tutorials
My Account
Your browser is not supported
Your browser is too old. To use this website, please use Chrome or Firefox.
InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. (“InSync”) values you as a customer and your right to privacy. Except as may be otherwise required by law, InSync will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information remains confidential and available only to InSync and its employees. InSync will not sell your personal information to third parties.
Offer and acceptance
By submitting a completed order form, you offer to purchase the products from this website (collectively, “Product”) that you select and submit to InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. (“InSync”) according to these Terms and Conditions and the order form. If InSync accepts your offer, we will send you electronic confirmation that your order has been received and accepted.
Responsibilities
Once your order has been accepted, InSync shall provide the Product that you order through the online shopping service in return for your payment. The Product shall be delivered to you via courier or mail at the delivery address you designate. Your payment for the Product and shipping, including sales taxes where applicable, is due upon completion of your online order. InSync will charge the payment to the credit card you submit and will collect the payment from your bank. You authorize InSync to make and collect such a charge, and agree to make payment to InSync if InSync cannot collect the charge for any reason. The total amount you shall pay for the Product per each order shall be the sum of the respective prices for the items you select and submit via the order form, plus all applicable sales taxes and shipping, reported as “TOTAL” in the order form.
Product pricing and shipping charges
ALL PRICES ARE IN US Currency. You will be charged the prices quoted for the products selected when you submit your order at checkout. Duties and taxes at destination country are buyer’s responsibility.
No duties or taxes for products shipped to USA only.
Shopper registration
You agree to complete the initial registration process before receiving access to the secure area of InSync’s website, and to provide InSync with accurate, complete and updated information as required for the initial registration process, including (but not limited to) your legal name, billing and delivery addresses, and telephone number. You must provide InSync with an accurate and complete credit card number and expiration date when submitting your online purchase order. You represent and warrant to InSync that your use of any credit card is authorized and legal.
Shopper information changes
It is your responsibility to promptly notify your bank of any changes to your billing information, or in case of loss, theft, or unauthorized use of your credit card number. You are responsible for updating your registration information and your credit card information as applicable.
Delivery
Product will be delivered by UPS, FedEx or Canada Post (at InSync’s discretion) or by the chosen courier in case of express orders.
Substitution policy
Although InSync believes that it will have sufficient inventory to fill your orders, it is possible that certain products may be unavailable from time to time. In the event that an item you have ordered is temporarily unavailable, InSync will attempt to notify you.
InSync satisfaction guarantee
If you are dissatisfied with an item for any reason, you may request a Return Authorization to Manufacturer from our website.
InSync will, at its discretion, either (a) replace your item with the same item, or at least a substantially similar item, delivered to you within a reasonable time, or (b) issue a credit to your credit card equal to the value of the item plus applicable sales tax.
Product information
InSync will try to update product information when changes come our attention. However, we are not responsible for any inaccuracy or misstatement.
Confidentiality
InSync values you as a customer and your right to privacy. Except as may otherwise be required by law, InSync will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your credit card information remains confidential and is available only to personnel who need to know such information to provide you with online shopping services or for general business purposes. InSync will not sell your name, address or similar personal information to third parties or permit the use of such information outside the scope of our online shopping service or general business purposes.
Applicable law
The laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada govern these Terms and Conditions and the order form (collectively constituting the entire agreement between you and InSync regarding online shopping services) without regard to conflict-of-laws rules.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
InSync reserves the right to amend the Terms and Conditions for use and purchases from time to time, with or without notice to you, at our discretion. Any amendments by InSync will be effective only for orders you place subsequent to our revisions of these Terms and Conditions on the website.
Right to refuse service
InSync reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at its sole discretion, with or without cause or reason.
© Copyright 2020 InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved.