https://buddymicrophones.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
About
Investor Relations
Contact
Products
Custom Design
Buddy 7G Technology
Support
FAQ
Documentation
RMA Form
MyBuddyMic Video Tutorials
My Account
Your browser is not supported
Your browser is too old. To use this website, please use Chrome or Firefox.
InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website. This policy outlines our personal information-handling practices for both online and offline data. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. We encourage you to read the following to ensure you understand our practices.
Collection of your personal information
Some of the reasons why InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. collects personal information from you include:
– Requests for Technical Support
– Requests for information regarding any of our products
– Order of any of our products
– Newsletter subscription, if specified
Uses of your personal information
We will only use your personal information in the manner specified at time of collection. We will not subsequently change the way your personal information is used without your consent. Some of the ways we may use your personal information include:
– To create a personal profile on our customer database
– To contact you, or to provide you with shipping and billing information
– To provide customer feedback and support
– To provide information on new products or releases of software via newsletter, if you have given your authorization when registering.
We collect this information for the sole purpose of sending a one-time email with invoicing and shipping details.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes under any circumstances.
Security of your personal information
InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. We utilize a combination of security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
When we transfer sensitive personal data (for example, credit card information) over the Internet, we protect it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit.
Data retention
Insync Speech Technologies, Inc. will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
By using this website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on this website or in this Privacy Policy, and if necessary, give you additional choices regarding such change. Your continued use of InSync Speech Technologies, Inc.’s website will signify your acceptance of these changes.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 23 March 2019
© Copyright 2020 InSync Speech Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved.