http://businessnation.com/misc/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Effective 1-1-2017
Introduction
BusinessNation.com (the Site) values its visitors’ privacy. This privacy policy summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it.
Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies that the Site does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by the Site. If you visit a Web site that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
What we do with your personally identifiable information
It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services. “Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as:
your name, company, email address, phone number,
billing address, and shipping address
your user ID and password on the Site (if applicable)
credit card information (if applicable) and if you are purchasing any product or service on the Site
any account-preference information you provide us
your computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating
where your computer is located on the Internet
session data for your login session, so that our
computer can ‘talk’ to yours while you are logged in
If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, either directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:
not use or disclose the information except:
to provide you with information we believe you need to know or may find useful, such as news about our services and products, etc.,
as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered, by providing it to a carrier to deliver products you have ordered;
in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations);
as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition or other sale or disposition of all or a portion of the Site’s assets. The successor organization’s use and disclosure of your personally-identifiable information will continue to be subject to this privacy policy unless (i) a court orders otherwise, for example a bankruptcy court; or (ii) the successor organization gives you notice that your personally-identifiable information will be subject to the successor organization’s own privacy policy, along with an opportunity for you to opt out (which may cause you not to be able to continue to use the Site.
If you submit personally-identifiable information after such a transfer, that information may be subject to the successor entity’s privacy policy;
as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of the Site, its users, or others; this may include exchanging information with other organizations for fraud protection and/or risk reduction.
Other information we collect
We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our Web site(s); research and development; customer- and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely.
Cookies
The Site uses “cookies” to store personal data on your computer. We may also link information stored on your computer in cookies with personal data about specific individuals stored on our servers. If you set up your Web browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox) so that cookies are not allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of our Web site(s).
Third Party Service Providers
The Site may use third-party advertising companies, (such as Yahoo!, Google, etc.,) to serve advertisements in combination with any advertisements displayed by the Site or it's affiliates.
Advertisers and other third party service providers and companies may collect or use information about your interests, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you, as determined by each specific advertiser or a company.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Digital Advertising Alliance's or Network Advertising Initiative's website.
Credit Card Processors and Financial Institutions
The Site may use PCI compliant third party services (such as PayPal) and merchant gateways for credit card processing to facilitate any purchases and if and when you pay with a credit card for any purchses those third party service providers and associated banks or financial institutions will collect personal information required by them to facilitate the transaction.
Information STORED Onsite or On Web Hosting Servers
Other than the user account login information, such as your name, address, ip etc., as provided by you during the signup for account login purposes, any OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION such as payment or credit card information is NOT PROCESSED or STORED ON OUR SERVERS or ONSITE and such financial and payment information is only processed securely via third party PCI compliant processors or other merchant gateways such as authorize.net, cybersource, paypal, etc.,
External data storage sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted to provide our website hosting and other data storage services.
Your privacy responsibilities
To help protect your privacy, be sure:
not to share your user ID or password with anyone else;
to log off the the Site when you are finished;
to take customary precautions to guard against “malware” (viruses, Trojan horses, bots, etc.), for example by
installing and updating suitable anti-virus software.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about the Personally-Identifying Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of the Personally-Identifying Information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared Personally-Identifying Information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, you may write to the contact address below.
Notice to European Union users and Users outside USA
The Site’s operations are located in the United States and the site content, services are geared towards and provided to US residents.
If you are a EU person and provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing personal information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described herein.
Information collected from children
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Site’s Web site(s) and service(s). The Site does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. (See the [U.S.] Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.)
Contact
If you have questions or comments about the Site’s privacy policy, contact via the contact us form on the home page.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or appropriate because of legal compliance requirements or changes in our business practices and you may review this page.
© 1998-current, Business Nation ® Terms - Privacy
Login/Signup - Contact