http://businessnation.com/misc/legal.html
Site Terms of Use
Disclaimers |
Copyrights |
Trademarks |
Advertising Services |
Privacy Policy |
Breach
Terms and Conditions
ITM Holdings, LLC and BusinessNation.com, maintain this site (the "Site") for your personal information, communication and commerce.
The Customer ("You") may not, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Site's written permission.
your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws.
By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and the Site are superseded and of no force or effect.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, do not submit information to, or access information from, the Site.
Disclaimer
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk.
Neither the Site nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF ANY WEB SITES OR PAGES, NOR FOR ANY LOSS, COSTS, DAMAGE OF EXPENSE (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEY'S FEES) INCURRED BY CLIENT INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FOR ANY TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION, COMPUTER ERROR OR LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER INJURY DAMAGE OR DISRUPTION TO CLIENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SITE'S LIABILITY EVER EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO THE SITE BY CLIENT HEREUNDER. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF SUCH DAMAGES ARE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT THE SITE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. THE SITE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, OR CONSIDERED TO BE IN BREACH OF OR IN DEFAULT, ON ACCOUNT OF ANY DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM AS ANTICIPATED BY THE PARTIES OR IF ITS SITE BECOMES INOPERABLE OR INCAPABLE OF PERFORMING AS INTENDED. THE SITE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE OPERATION OF ITS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY INTERRUPTIONS OR ERRORS. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
The Site also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
While the Site uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information in the Site, the Site makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy.
The Site assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
The Site also has not reviewed all of the content within and any external sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any on-site and off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site.
your visits to the Site
and any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Any information on the Site may not be construed as professional or business advice and the Site is not responsible for the information and the accuracy of the information provided on the Site.
The Site does not explicitly recommend hiring of any consultant/consulting service of an advertiser, or the purchase of any products advertised on the Site.
The Site does not recommend any advertisements or services listed on the Site and does not review or monitor any advertisement listings for the content or the accuracy of the information within the advertisements and is not responsible for any listing errors or listing discrepancies.
The Site only provides advertising and listing services to interested parties so they may advertise their services on the Site. You are responsible for obtaining the accurate information with regards to any advertisements, articles and services advertised on the Site and the accuracy of the information within, by contacting the advertisers and by seeking professional advice from an experienced business professional such as an attorney or an accountant, if and as necessary.
Some of the information on the Site is provided by third party websites and our web pages may link to, or obtain information from other external websites and display it on our pages. The Site has not reviewed the contents, does not guarantee the accuracy of the information and is not responsible for any errors.
Although the Site may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, the Site is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
The Site will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the Site to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless The Site, and its affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees from any third party claim or demand (including actual attorneys' fees) due to or relating to your use of The Site, your violation of these Terms of Service, or content you submit to or post on The Site including, without limitation, claims for infringement of copyright or other intellectual property rights and violation of rights of privacy and publicity.
Intellectual Property
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted by law and unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the explicit written permission of the Site.
The Site neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with the Site.
Any information you post on the Site, any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, advertisements, listings, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Anything you transmit or post may be used by the Site or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.
Furthermore, the Site is free to use any information, ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products or services using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, the Site.
The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site.
Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, including [insert names of trademarks] are registered and unregistered Trademarks of the Site and others.
Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the Site or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site.
your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that the Site will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Advertising Services
Advertisement and or Membership Accounts :
Advertisements, membership accounts and listing services provided by the Site are provided "As Is".
All advertisement membership accounts, listings, descriptions and information are subject to the Site's approval. The Site in no way is responsible for the accuracy of the information within advertisement listings. You are responsible for the verifying the information posted and you are responsible for monitoring and managing your own advertisement account and listings. You agree not to submit any descriptions, contact information or other information contained in the advertisement listing or in the payment transaction that does not belong to you, including any trademarks and copyrights or proprietary information.
If you are a representative or an agent, you agree that you have received necessary permission and authorization from the person or the business entity who has authorized you to list their advertisement and/or to make a payment for their advertisement listing on their behalf. You also agree that all information provided to the Site or posted on the Site is accurate and is in no way misleading or is a misrepresentation and you must assume full responsibility to monitor and update this information.
The Site reserves the right to reject any new advertisment, cancel or remove any existing advertisement and or listing account at any time for any reason whatsoever and without any explanation, especially if the account is unpaid or if the advertisement listing is in violation of the Site's policies or does not meet the guidelines.
The Site may remove any abandoned accounts or advertisements and inactive accounts that are older than 180 days, without any notice.
Advertisement Information:
The Site reserves the right to modify, change, reject, delete, or update any advertisement account or the listing and the information provided.
The Site may distribute the information and content in the advertisement or post the advertisement on other websites, including but not limited to, affiliate and partner websites. The Site reserves unrestricted right to use, publish and reproduce the information in your advertisement listing, and the the Site is not responsible for any and all damages, claims, liabilities, actions, judgments and other matters whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from the information published on the Site and its network and affiliate sites. Visitors to the Site may use the contact form or the email link within your advertisement listing to contact you in order to request for additional information regarding your advertisement listing.
The Site does not monitor such emails or guarantee the legitimacy of any email leads generated from and by your advertisement listing.
The Site will simply collect the information from the email link within your own advertisement listing as filled by potential and interested parties in your advertisement listing and that information is forwarded directly to your email address. The Site does not screen email leads and is not responsible for any content within the email, or if the email is unrelated to your advertisement or any email you may consider as a solicitation or spam.
The Site is often visited by third-party and external search engines and the pages of the Site along with underlying information within the pages is gathered routinely by external search engines to serve that information in their search results, on their websites.
The Site is not responsible for any data related to an advertisement listing or information that may appear on any external websites, including search page results of external search engines, during the time an advertisement is listed on the Site or after the listing and the related data has been removed from the Site.
Since the Site has no control over, and access to, other websites and search engines, the Site cannot provide any assistance with regards to a request for removal of any information from other websites or search engines.
The Site will try to remove an advertisement and information as soon as possible and in a timely manner, by deleting the advertisement from the Site, upon receiving a request for removal of an advertisement.
The Site does not guarantee a time frame for removal of an advertisement and any related data upon receiving a request for an advertisement removal and the Site is not responsible for any errors or delays related to network issues, delayed emails regarding your request or emails that were not relayed or blocked by filters, and any other issues related to human error.
Billing and Cancellation:
The advertisement listing fee schedule and subscription terms will be provided to you during the advertisement listing submission process and the Site reserves the right to increase prices for any of its listing services, membership services, or other products at any time with or without notice. You agree that any payment made towards advertising and listing services is not a promise or a guarantee by the Site of the results and the results may vary based on the type of advertisement listing, service, business, location and other related factors. you agree that you are the owner of the credit card or a debit card or a bank account you are using towards the payment of the
advertisement listing, subscription or membership and/or that you have been authorized by the owner of the credit card or a debit card or the bank account holder. You agree that you are solely responsible for your bank accounts and payment transactions and for making sure you have enough funds to cover your payment transactions at all times as a result of your subscription or membership and you agree that you are solely responsible for any bank fees, chargeback fees, overdraft fees and other banking service fees that you may be levied by your financial institution as a result of your activity and the Site is in no way responsible for any of your bank or credit card accounts and transactions. You agree that for certain advertisements, once you list your advertisement and pay for the subscription by a credit card or a debit card or by a echeck, the subscription will continue each month and the Site is authorized to charge your credit card or a debit card to bill you each month until the subscription is cancelled in advance as outlined on the corresponding sign-up page of the service and as outlined on this page and in the welcome email. You agree that you are responsible for requesting cancellation of your monthly payment or subscription at least 5 business days prior to the upcoming billing date, and that you will do so either by deleting the listing or the subscription from the website at least 5 business days in advance or by calling the phone number provided to you during the payment transaction or the phone number that appears on your credit card or a debit card statement, next to your transaction. You agree that the Site is not responsible for subscriptions canceled via email since e-mail services are not reliable and since many emails routinely get filtered out in the network or during the delivery process. You agree that the advertising fees paid towards any and all advertisements and memberships are non-refundable, regardless of whether the advertising contract, the membership or the subscription is terminated by either party for any reason whatsoever and partial refunds will not be provided under any circumstances for transactions cancelled during the ongoing billing cycle.
Declined credit card or a debit card authorizations, retracted payments or bad payments may be subject to a service fee that will be determined by the Site.
The Site may utilize a third party collection service for recovery services on fraudulent and retracted payment transactions and reserves the right to report such activity to related credit monitoring agencies. You agree and understand that your credit card or debit card payment subscription and membership may get cancelled automatically due to lack of funds in account or because your credit card or a debit card expired or for any other reason as determined by your financial institution.
If the credit card or a debit card is approaching the expiration date, you agree that it is your responsibility to update your subscription well in advance or the Site may cancel your membership and remove your subscription and advertisement listings without any notice if the Site is unable to bill you for your membership/subscription transaction.
The Site currently does not store any credit card numbers, bank accounts and other transaction details on the Site and you agree that the Site is is no way responsible for any transactions or related data as all transactions are processed through a suitable third party payment processor and all transaction data is stored externally in their data centers.
Privacy Policy
The Site may use third-party advertising companies, such as Yahoo!, Google, etc., to serve advertisements in combination with any advertisements displayed by the Site or it's affiliates.
Advertisers and companies may collect or use information about your interests, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you, as determined by each specific advertiser.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Digital Advertising Alliance's or Network Advertising Initiative's website. Please see the privacy policy page for additional details regarding what information may be collected by the Site or by it's affilates and advertisers, and how it may be used.
Breach
The fact that you have visited the Site legally binds you to the Terms and Conditions of the Site and we encourage you to read the entire document.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, do not submit information to, or access information from, the Site.
Breach of these Terms and Conditions will result in legal action under local laws and international treaties.
The Site, may at any time revise the contents and these Terms and Conditions by updating this page. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms and Conditions.
© 1998-current, Business Nation ® Terms - Privacy
Login/Signup - Contact