https://buzz3d.com/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy discloses how we gather, use and protect your data. Below you can find the legal text.
A)
Buzz 3D's commitment to privacy
This website is administered by Buzz 3D Ltd ("Buzz 3D" or “we”). Buzz 3D wants you to feel secure when you visit our website or use our services, and is committed to maintaining your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Buzz 3D through its websites www.buzz3d.com and www.vrmarketing.com or by other means during the course of its business. Please read this Buzz 3D Privacy Policy very carefully.
B) Why Buzz 3D collects personal information
During the course of carrying out our business and performing our services, Buzz 3D collect personal information in order to conduct our business, to provide and market our services, and to meet our legal obligations. Sometimes, our clients may also require us to collect information on their behalf in connection with their services or products to you. We may also collect data for other purposes, which we would describe in more detail to you at the point we collect the information.
C) The kinds of information we collect
We usually collect the following kinds of personal information:
•	Name, address, job title, business, and contact information (when associated with licensing our software services);
•	Interests in our software services.
D) How information is collected
Buzz 3D gathers information in two ways:
•	Directly (when you provide information to us by way of online forms or questionnaires filled out by you, face-to-face meetings, interviews, business cards or telephone conversations); and
• Indirectly (through our site's technology or through other third parties who collect information on our behalf or have the right to share your information with us)
We collect information directly when you voluntarily provide it to us. For example, we may provide the opportunity to sign up for a periodic email newsletter by entering your email address. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it.
One example of information we collect indirectly is information collected through our Internet access logs. When you access our website, your Internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs. We, or a third party may also record the URLs of the websites and pages you visit (before, during and after your visit to any Buzz 3D website), the times and dates of such visits, information about the computer hardware and software you use and other information that may be available.
Additionally, we may collect information from you through the use of cookies. Cookies and their use on our website are explained in greater detail in the Tracking Technologies section in this policy.
E) How does Buzz 3D use this information?
We hold, use and may disclose your personal information for the purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection. We generally use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
•	to provide our software services to you or our clients
•	to manage our relationships with you or our clients
•	to improve Buzz 3D or its client’s services
•	to provide professional advice to our clients relating to the performance of IT systems and procedures
•	to answer your inquiry
• to advise you of products and services, as well as provide advise you with news and industry updates, trends and events
•	to share with trusted third parties (e.g., our contracted service providers or advisers) whom we have engaged to provide services to you or help us meet our contractual or legal obligations.
F) Sending information overseas and sharing information with other parties
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Buzz 3D, its respective partners, affiliates or contractors, have offices in order to enable Buzz 3D to use the information as set out in this Privacy Policy. If you are in the European Union, Canada or Australia, information which you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States) which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Union, Canada or Australia. By submitting your information to a Buzz 3D website or any of our products or services, you expressly agree to such transfer in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will respect and protect your privacy as set out in this Privacy Policy. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy, and we won’t sell individual information. You agree Buzz 3D may share your personal information with non-Buzz 3D parties with your consent (express, constructive of implied), or as required by law such as to comply with subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect Buzz 3D, its customers, the public, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. You agree that Buzz 3D may share your personal information with organizations or persons that help us fulfill our obligations or provide our services to you. Buzz 3D will make efforts to ensure these parties have appropriate measures in place to protect your information and meet our obligations under the applicable privacy rules.
We reserve the right to disclose any information that we obtain through any Buzz 3D website to appropriate governmental or regulatory authorities, if required by law or any governmental agency.
If Buzz 3D is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may need to share your personal information with the acquiring entity. In that event you will be notified via a notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
G) How does Buzz 3D protect sensitive personal information?
Generally Buzz 3D does not seek to collect sensitive personal information through this site); therefore, we advise you not to provide any unsolicited sensitive personal information. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal information, you consent to our use of the information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, subject to applicable law. Buzz 3D usually applies HTTPS or other technical measures to ensure the security of any personal information transmitted over its website. "Sensitive personal information" includes the various categories of personal information and data identified by privacy laws of United States, European and other jurisdictions as requiring special treatment.
H) Access, update and deletion of personal information
You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and, if we do, the type of information, the purposes for which we hold it, the possible recipients or types of recipients, and to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate. You can do this by sending us an email at privacyofficer@buzz3d.com. Upon written request and within a reasonable time frame we will correct, delete and/or block personal information from further processing. We will retain your information as needed to provide you services and will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and/or enforce our agreements.
I) What is Buzz 3D practice regarding data security?
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security and integrity of your information/data, including the use of encryption, password, physical security (e.g., lock and access control) and other security measures. As for information provided or collected online, you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that information/data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the information/data is intended. We recommend that you always log out after each session and close the browser when done, especially when accessing the service from public terminals.
J) Tracking Technologies
Our collection and use of cookies will be managed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to a website or application. They reside in your Internet browser to help remember your preferences and previous activity. For example, cookies can help an online store remember the items you’ve put into your shopping cart, or advertisers can use cookies to target ads that are most relevant to you. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Use of Cookies
Buzz 3D’s site makes use of cookies to save and retrieve information about your visit to our website. Cookies currently used on our site identify you merely as a number.
When you visit our website, the following categories of cookies may be set in your browser:
Strictly Necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around a site and use its features. Without these cookies services you have asked for cannot be provided.
•	Registered Visitor Cookie - A unique identifier given to each registered user, used to recognize you through their visit and when they return to the site.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information so that we can analyse how our visitors use our site. These cookies don't collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how our site works.
•	Google Analytics Cookie – allow us to follow the actions of a user during your visit to our site (for more information, see Analytics cookies below).
Functional cookies
These cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
We may use information collected from functional cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content based on your profile. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. They don’t gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remembering where you’ve been on the Internet outside our site.
Analytics cookies
In order to keep our website services relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use the site.
Cookies allow web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, identify whether you have visited our website before, what you have previously viewed or clicked on, and how you found us. The information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes, and it helps us to analyse patterns of user activity and to develop a better user experience.
Web analytics data and cookies cannot be used to identify you – they do not contain personal information such as your name or email address.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
We and our partners (e.g., marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics providers) use cookies or similar tracking technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
When we include content from other sites (e.g., Google Analytics, etc.) these sites may also set their own cookies and we do not have access or control over these cookies. We suggest you go to the relevant third party’s website to find out more information about their cookie use. Google Analytics -https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
We may partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here - http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ or if located in the European Union click here - http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
K) Web beacons
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
We also collect information directly when you voluntarily submit it to us. We may provide the opportunity to sign-up for a periodic email newsletter by entering in your email address. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it. Additionally, we collect personal information (such as your name and contact information) when you apply online for a job opening at Buzz 3D.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails.
L) Other matters
Third party websites
You may find links to third party websites on our website. These sites are owned and operated independently of us and may collect information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of those third-party websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Blogs
Our website could offer publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who read them. Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook button and Widgets, such as the Twitter button that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
M) Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at:
Buzz 3D Ltd
71-75 Shelton Street
Covent Garden
London
WC2H 9JQ
UK
Attention: Privacy Officer
Email: privacyofficer@buzz3d.com
Buzz 3D maintains standard contractual model clauses approved by the European Commission between Buzz 3D and its business units based in the European Union.
N) Notification of privacy policy changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to change becomes effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you have any questions now or during your visit regarding this Privacy Policy or any complaints about Buzz 3D online privacy, please contact us at:
Buzz 3D Ltd
71-75 Shelton Street
Covent Garden
London
WC2H 9JQ
UK
Attention: Privacy Officer
Email: privacyofficer@buzz3d.com
3D planograms
Research in 3D
VR solutions
FMCG research
Tobii 3D eye tracking
VR eCommerce store
Ad Creative testing
3D technology
VR headset support
Off plan property sales in 3D
3D research
Retail consumer 3D testing
3D Cloud solution
Virtual store testing
Real Estate walkthroughs
3D shopping
©2020 Buzz 3D
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy