https://cadline.co.uk/cookies-website-usage-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomeCookies & Website Usage Policy
Cookies & Website Usage PolicyCookies    |     Website Usage Policy
Cookies Policy
WE ARE COMMITTED TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY.
This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives Cadline Limited the right to collect that information.
This Policy applies as between you, the User of this Web Site and Cadline Limited the owner, operator and provider of this Web Site. This Policy applies to Cadline Limited’s use of any and all Data collected by it in relation to your use of the Web Site and any Services or Systems therein.
1.   DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account” – means collectively the personal information and credentials used by Users to access material and / or any communications System on the Web Site;
“Content” – means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Web Site;
“Cookie” –  means a small text file placed on your computer by Cadline Limited when you visit certain parts of this Web Site. Further details are contained in Clause 8 and Schedule 1 of this Policy;
“Data” – means collectively all information that you submit to the Web Site. This includes, but is not limited to, Account details and information submitted using any of our Services or Systems;
“Cadline Limited” – means Cadline Limited whose registered address is Cadline House, Drake Avenue, Staines-upon-Thames, Middlesex, TW18 2AP;
“Service” – means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that Cadline Limited makes available through the Web Site either now or in the future;
“System” – means any online communications infrastructure that Cadline Limited makes available through the Web Site either now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to, web-based email, message boards, live chat facilities and email links;
“User” / “Users” – means any third party that accesses the Web Site and is not employed by Cadline Limited and acting in the course of their employment; and
“Web Site” – means the website that you are currently using http://www.cadline.co.uk/ and any sub-domains of this site unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2.   IP ADDRESS LOOKUP
Cadline Limited uses third parties to provide information about visitors to its Web Site. When you visit Cadline Limited’s Web Site it will record your IP address. This address will be matched against public and proprietary IP address databases to provide Cadline Limited with information about your visit. This information may identify the organisation to whom the IP address is registered but not individuals. In some limited cases i.e. single person companies, it may be possible to identify personal data from publicly available ICANN data.
3.   WEBSITE COOKIES AND LINK TRACKING
Cookies allow Cadline Limited to provide important site functionality so you don’t have to re-enter lots of information. They also allow it to remember what links and pages have been clicked or viewed during a session. If you have provided Cadline Limited with personal data, completing a contact form for example, it may associate this personal data with other information. This will allow Cadline Limited to identify and record what is most relevant to you.
By using your browser controls, you are always in control of the Cookies Cadline Limited stores and accesses on your computer.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on to your computer by websites that you visit. They are used to make websites work, to improve efficiency of websites, to improve the user’s experience and to provide usage information on websites. This information should make your website visits more productive by storing and using information on your website preferences and habits.
Your web browser can choose whether or not to accept cookies. Most web browser software is initially set up to accept them.
We may offer cookies to you and you should ensure that your web browser is set up to not accept cookies if you do not wish to receive them. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Please note that if you disable cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available. For further information about cookies, what cookies have been set and how to manage and disable them, please go to http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.
Analytical cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Marketing cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.
By continuing to use this site, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.
Cookies Appendix (PDF)
4.   TYPES OF COMMUNICATIONS
By submitting your email address you are consenting to receive the particular piece of information you requested, as well as allowing Cadline Limited to send you appropriate and useful communications. This includes, but is not limited to; invitations to its industry leading events and webinars, Cadline Limited’s latest assets (whitepapers, guides, reports, infographics, videos and case studies) and promotional offers on software and services.
If you are a customer of Cadline Limited, you will also receive monthly product updates.
At any time, you can update your preferences by clicking the link in any emails you receive from Cadline Limited. The link will always be in the footer of the email. You can also stop receiving emails from Cadline Limited using that same link. If you don’t have an email from Cadline Limited to hand and want to update your preferences, email us at marketing@cadline.co.uk.  Cadline Limited will send you an email for you to change your preferences as you wish.
5.   INFORMATION AND DATA COLLECTED
Cadline Limited may collect any or all of the Data that you give it depending on the type of transaction you enter into, including your name, address, telephone number and email address, together with data about your use of the Web Site. Other information that may be needed from time to time to process a request may also be collected as indicated on the Web Site.
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected by Cadline Limited:
5.1 name;
5.2 company or organisation name;
5.3 job title;
5.4 profession;
5.5 contact information such as postal addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers;
5.6 demographic information such as post code;
5.7 IP address (automatically collected);
5.8 web browser type and version (automatically collected);
5.9 operating system (automatically collected);
5.10 a list of URLS starting with a referring site, your activity on this Web Site, and the site you exit to (automatically collected);
5.11 Cookie information (see clause 8 and 9 below);
5.12 credit/debit card numbers and expiry dates; and
5.13 occasionally Cadline Limited may receive information about you from other sources (such as credit reference agencies) which it will add to the information which it already holds about you in order to help Cadline Limited provide goods and services.
6.   INFORMATION AND DATA USE
We use the Data collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the Web Site. Data collected in the UK is held in accordance with the Data Protection Act. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorised access to this Data. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.
6.1 Any personal Data you submit will be retained by Cadline Limited for as long as you use the Services and Systems provided on the Web Site. Data that you may submit through any communications System that we may provide may be retained for a longer period.
6.2 Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to Clause 7, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties. This does not include directly associated companies.
6.3 All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. For more details on security, see clause 9 below.
6.4 Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service and experience when using our Web Site. Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
6.4.1 internal record keeping;
6.4.2 improvement of and/or providing products / services;
6.4.3 processing your registration;
6.4.4 providing statements of account and communicating with you on any matter relating to the conduct of your account and the provision of products and services in general;
6.4.5 monitoring Web Site usage in order to help Cadline Limited develop the Web Site and its products and services;
6.4.6 transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;
6.4.7 from time to time to provide to customer service agencies for research and analysis purposes so that Cadline Limited can monitor and improve the products and services it provides. Cadline Limited or its agents and sub-contractors may contact you by email, telephone, fax or mail to ask for your feedback and comments on Cadline Limited’s products and services;
6.4.8 contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail. Such information may be used to customise or update the Web Site.
7.   THIRD PARTY WEB SITES AND SERVICES
Cadline Limited may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may include, but are not limited to, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. The providers of such services do not have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of the Web Site.
8.   COOKIES
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files – “cookies” – that hold information which allows a website to recognise you as a user. The Web Site takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience. Cadline Limited uses a number of these cookies for analytical purposes, and these are described in detail below. By using the Cadline Web Site, you consent to the use of cookies for these purposes.
We use a combination of both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies keep track of your current visit and how you navigate the site, persistent cookies enable the Web Site to recognise you as a repeat visitor when you return. The session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will be removed on a predetermined expiry date, or when deleted by you.
Most web browsers allow user privacy settings to block either all cookies, or third party cookies. Blocking cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including the Web Site. Please visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ for comprehensive information on how to change your cookie settings in a wide variety of different web browsers
8.1 Cadline Limited may set and access Cookies on your computer. A Cookie is a small file that resides on your computer’s hard drive and often contains an anonymous unique identifier and is accessible only by the web site that placed it there, not any other sites. For further information about Cookies visit http://www.aboutcookies.org/ or http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
8.2 You may delete Cookies, however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Web Site more quickly.
8.3 You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your web browser. By default, your browser will accept Cookies, however this can be altered. For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. Disabling Cookies may prevent you from using the full range of Services available on the Web Site.
8.4 The International Chambers of Commerce (ICC) define four categories of Cookie that are used on the Internet as follows:
Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use the website. They enable us to provide services you have specifically asked for.
Category 2: Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often.  These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. The data collected is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Category 3: Functionality Cookies
Category 4: Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies
Cadline use these cookies for Google Web Analytics to enable us to improve user experience and navigation.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS COOKIES: Google Analytics is a website monitoring tool that allows users to see volumes of website visitors, their source, and to analyse how the content of their website is viewed and navigated. This in turn allows optimisation of the content and pages on http://www.communigator.co.uk and the marketing programmes that drive traffic to the website. Google Analytics does not store any personal information about website visitors, but does use persistent cookies to identify repeat visitors. You may universally opt-out of all Google Analytics tracking used by all websites by visiting the following URL – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
GATORLEADS COOKIES: GatorLeads is a tool that identifies the business or organisation that website visitors belong to, based on a reverse IP Lookup. GatorLeads also use cookies to process this identification, and personal information about individual users is stored. Cookies used by GatorLeads store information about your current web browsing session (pages viewed, time on site etc.) and the dates and times of previous website visits.
This information is used by CommuniGator to profile website visitors, in order to better understand the way in which our website content is viewed by different segments. It is also used to identify the types of organisations that might be interested in attending our Best Practice Seminar Series.
EMAIL MARKETING POST-CLICK TRACKING COOKIES: These cookies are used to report on the pages of http://www.communigator.co.uk that have been viewed by visitors to the site who have followed links from our email marketing campaigns. This analysis helps us to understand additional content that is viewed by the contacts in our database and therefore allows us to improve and tailor future campaigns to those contact’s specific areas of interest.
VCAB COOKIES (GATORDOCS): The CommuniGator product brochure is published to this website using VCAB turning pages’ technology. VCAB uses cookies to track the user experience of our product brochure, providing us with key insight to improve the format and layout of future versions.
9.   CHANGES OF BUSINESS OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL
9.1 Cadline Limited may, from time to time, expand or reduce its business and this may involve the sale or proposed sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any such sale, proposed sale or transfer , be disclosed to Cadline Limited’s advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be transferred to the new owners where applicable along with that division and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was supplied by you.
9.2 In the event that any Data submitted by Users will be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted and informed of the changes. When contacted you will be given the choice to have your Data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
10.   CONTROLLING ACCESS TO YOUR DATA
10.1 Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data. This may include the following:
10.1.1 use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
10.1.2 sharing Data with third parties.
11.   YOUR RIGHT TO WITHHOLD INFORMATION
11.1 You may access certain areas of the Web Site without providing any Data at all. However, to use all Services and Systems available on the Web Site you may be required to submit Account information or other Data.
11.2 You may restrict your internet browser’s use of Cookies. For more information see clause 3.
12.   ACCESSING YOUR OWN DATA
12.1 You may access your Account at any time to view or amend the Data. You may need to modify or update your Data if your circumstances change. You may ask Cadline Limited, or Cadline Limited may ask you, to correct any Data that you or Cadline Limited think is inaccurate, and you may ask Cadline Limited to remove information which is inaccurate.
12.2 You have the right to ask for a copy of your personal Data.
12.3 By submitting your Data you consent to the use of that Data as set out in this Policy.
13.   SECURITY
13.1 Data security is of great importance to Cadline Limited and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected online.
14.   HOW TO CONTACT CADLINE LIMITED
Cadline Limited welcomes your views about its Web Site and its privacy policy, If you would like to contact Cadline Limited with any queries or comments, please send an email to web.manager@cadline.co.uk or send a letter to Cadline Limited, Cadline House, Drake Avenue, Staines-upon-Thames, Middlesex, TW18 2AP.
15.   LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Cadline Limited’s Web Site may contain links to other websites. This cookie policy only applies to this Web Site so when you link to other websites you should read their own cookie policies.
Website Usage Policy
(Last Updated:  2014)
BACKGROUND:
This Agreement applies as between you, the User of this Web Site and Cadline Limited, the owner(s) and operators of the Web Site (defined below). Your use of the Web Site is subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. By using the Web Site you will be deemed to have accepted and agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Cadline Limited may make changes to this Agreement from time to time. Cadline Limited may notify you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting the revised version of this Agreement on the Web Site. You can determine when Cadline Limited last changed this Agreement by referring to the “Last Updated” statement above. Your use of the Web Site following changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement (or any revision of it), you should stop using the Web Site immediately.
1.  DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In this Agreement the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Content” – means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data compilations and any other form of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on or forms part of this Web Site;
“Cadline Limited” – means Cadline Limited whose registered address is Cadline House, Drake Avenue, Staines-upon-Thames, Middlesex, TW18 2AP;
“Service” – means collectively any online facilities, tools, services or information that Cadline Limited makes available through the Web Site either now or in the future;
“System” – means any online communications infrastructure that Cadline Limited makes available through the Web Site either now or in the future. This includes, but is not limited to, web-based email, message boards, live chat facilities and email links;
“User” / “Users” – means any third party that accesses the Web Site and is not employed by Cadline Limited and acting in the course of their employment; and
“Web Site(s)” –  means the Cadline Limited web site (www.cadline.co.uk) or the Cadline Community web site (www.cadlinecommunity.co.uk) and any sub-domains of these sites unless expressly excluded by their own terms  and conditions together with any Service or System available or provided through them
2.   INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
2.1 All Content included on the Web Site, unless uploaded by Users, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software is the property of Cadline Limited, its affiliates or other relevant third parties. By continuing to use the Web Site you acknowledge that such material is protected by applicable United Kingdom and International intellectual property and other relevant laws.
2.2 Subject to sub-clause 2.3 you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, store or in any other fashion re-use material from the Web Site unless otherwise indicated on the Web Site or unless given express written permission to do so by Cadline Limited.
2.3 Material from the Web Site may be re-used without written permission where any of the exceptions detailed in Chapter III of the Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1988 apply.
3.  LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
The Web Site may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of Cadline Limited or that of its affiliates. Cadline Limited assumes no responsibility for the content of such web sites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of the use of them. The inclusion of a link to another site on the Web Site does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
4.  LINKS TO THE WEB SITE
4.1 Those wishing to place a link to the Web Site on other sites may do so only to the home page of the site www.Cadline.co.uk without prior permission. Deep linking (i.e. links to specific pages within the site) requires the express permission of Cadline Limited. To find out more please contact Cadline Limited by email at web.manager@Cadline.co.uk. In respect of any such link you make to the Web Site, Cadline Limited reserves the right to block it at any time. Additionally, you agree that you will disable and remove any such link promptly upon Cadline Limited’s request.
4.2   Any link you create to the Web Site must:
4.2.1         be fair and legal and not presented in a way that is:
4.2.1.1     misleading or could suggest any type of association, approval or endorsement by Cadline Limited that does not exist, or
4.2.1.2     harmful to our reputation or the reputation of any of Cadline Limited’s affiliates;
4.2.2         be capable of immediate removal at any time by you, following a request from Cadline Limited to do so, and you must retain the legal right and technical ability to carry out such removal;
4.2.3         not cause this Web Site or any Content on it to be:
4.2.3.1     embedded in or ‘framed’ by any other website, or
4.2.3.2     otherwise displayed in a way different to the way originally intended by us.
4.3 Cadline Limited reserves the right to require you to immediately remove any link to the Web Site at any time and you shall immediately comply with any request by Cadline Limited to remove any such link.
5.  PRIVACY
Use of the Web Site is also governed by our Privacy Policy which is incorporated into this Agreement  by this reference. To view the Privacy Policy, please click on the link above.
6.  DISCLAIMERS
6.1 You are responsible for all access to the Web Site using your internet connection, even if the access is by another person.
6.2 Cadline Limited makes no warranty or representation that the Web Site will meet your requirements, that it will be of satisfactory quality, that it will be fit for a particular purpose, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all systems, that it will be secure and that all information provided will be accurate. We make no guarantee of any specific results from the use of it.
6.3 No part of this Web Site is intended to constitute advice and the Content of this Web Site should not be relied upon when making any decisions or taking any action of any kind.
7.   AVAILABILITY OF THE WEB SITE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 Cadline Limited will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Web Site is available at all times. However, it cannot guarantee that the Web Site or any individual function or feature of the Web Site will always be available and/or error free. In particular, the Web Site may be unavailable during periods when we are implementing upgrades to or carrying out essential maintenance on the Web Site.
7.2 The Web Site is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. Cadline Limited gives no warranty and makes no representations that it will be free of defects and / or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality and further (again to the maximum extent permitted by law) Cadline Limited expressly excludes:
7.2.1       all conditions, warranties and other terms that might otherwise be implied by law into this Agreement;
7.2.2       any and all liability to you, whether arising under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with your use of the Web Site or any information contained therein.
The foregoing is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, special or exemplary damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement is intended to exclude or limit any liability that may not by law be excluded or limited, and in particular none of the exclusions and limitations in this clause are intended to limit any rights you may have as a consumer under local law or other statutory rights which may not be excluded, nor in any way to exclude or limited (site owner) liability to you for death or personal injury resulting from Cadline Limited’s negligence or that of its employees or agents
7.3 Subject to the other provisions of this clause 7, Cadline Limited accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the Web Site resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, acts of war or legal restrictions and censorship.
7.4 Cadline Limited reserves the right to restrict your access to the Web Site or part of it. Access to restricted areas of the Web Site may be subject to registration and other conditions. If Cadline Limited grants you permission to access a restricted area, it may withdraw that permission at any time (including where you breach any of the terms of this Agreement).
7.5 Every effort has been made to ensure that this Agreement adheres strictly with the relevant provisions of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977. However, in the event that any of the terms of this Agreement are found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable, that term is to be deemed severed from this Agreement  and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions of it.
8.  YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE
8.1 Your permission to use the Web Site is personal to you and non-transferable. Your use of the Web Site is conditional on your compliance with the rules of conduct set out in this Agreement and you agree that you will not:
8.1.1         use the Web Site for any fraudulent or unlawful purpose;
8.1.2         use the Web Site to defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of others, including without limitation others’ privacy rights or rights of publicity;
8.1.3         impersonate any person or entity, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity in connection with the Web Site; or express or imply that we endorse any statement you make;
8.1.4         interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Web Site or the servers or networks used to make the Web Site available; or violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of such networks;
8.1.5         transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Web Site any virus, worm, Trojan horse or other computer code that is harmful or invasive or may or is intended to damage the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software, or equipment;
8.1.6         reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of, use of, or access to the Web Site;
8.1.7         modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Web Site. If you wish to reverse engineer any part of the Web Site to create an interoperable program you must contact us and we may provide interface data subject to verification of your identity and other information;
8.1.8         remove any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary rights notice from the Web Site or materials originating from the Web Site;
8.1.9         frame or mirror any part of the Web Site without Cadline Limited’s express prior written consent;
8.1.10      create a database by systematically downloading and storing Content;
8.1.11      use any manual or automatic device in any way to gather Content or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Web Site without Cadline Limited’s express prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cadline Limited grants the operators of public online search engines limited permission to use search retrieval applications to reproduce materials from the Web Site for the sole purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available searchable indices of such materials solely in connection with each operator’s public online search service.
Cadline Limited reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific instances.
8.1.12      The Web Site may provide links to other websites and online resources. Cadline Limited is not responsible for and does not endorse such external sites or resources. Your use of third party websites and resources is at your own risk.
9.  NO WAIVER
In the event that Cadline Limited fails to exercise any right or remedy contained herein, this shall not be construed as a waiver of that right or remedy.
10.  PREVIOUS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any prior versions thereof, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
11.  NOTICES
All notices / communications shall be given to Cadline Limited either by registered post to our premises (see address above) or by email to web.manager@cadline.co.uk. Such notice will be deemed received 3 days after posting if sent by first class post, the day of sending if the email is received in full on a business day and on the next business day if the email is sent on a weekend or public holiday.
12.  LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Agreement and the relationship between you and Cadline Limited shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of England and Wales and Cadline Limited and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
Your Cart
Checkout Now
£0.00
Your cart is empty
What would you like to buy? software products, training courses, or support packages
Total:
£0.00
Your Cart
Checkout Now
Total:
Checkout Now
Create Account
Log In
Have a Support Request?
Need help from Cadline? Head over to our support portal to submit a support request.
Back
Sign In
Create Account
Forgotten Password?
Have a Support Request?
Need help from Cadline? Head over to our support portal to submit a support request.
Back
Cadline
Software
Training
Support
Cadline Subscription
Services
Community
Discover Cadline
Careers
News & Events
Contact
Account
Switch Sites
Cadline
popular links: careers at cadline, news & events, software, training, support, community
Cadline
what are you looking for?
Cadline.co.uk
Software
Training
Support
Services
Cadline Community
Back
message in here
Incorrect email address
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.					Learn More
Accept Cookies