https://callclerk.com/phone/mainprivacy.html
CallClerk Caller ID Software for Windows
version 6.1 HOMEFREE DOWNLOADFREE UPGRADESCALLER ID MODEMSONLINE HELPCONTACT USBUY NOW $39
Privacy Statement Your privacy is important to me, Rob Latour.  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that I collect, and the ways in which I use that personal information.  Credit
This document was created using a Contractology template available at http://www.freenetlaw.com.
Personal information collection
I may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
Specific information for the purpose of licensing CallClerk; this information is usually passed to me via PayPal when you send a payment for CallClerk; From PayPal I receive information identifying you as a customer – information such as your name and or your business’ name, your mailing address, and your e-mail address.  I also receive from PayPal information pertaining to your payment – such as its transaction number, date, order quantity and amount;I do not receive your credit card information from PayPal.  For more information about PayPal’s privacy statement please see:
https://www.paypal.com/ca/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-fulOther such services, should you use them as an alternative to PayPal, may provide me with similar information;  Information that you provide to me for the purpose of addressing your support requests - such as your e-mail address, as well as the nature and specifics of your support request; Information used in validating your registration code and program version; and  any other information that you send to me. Using personal information
I may use your personal information to:  confirm your payment information; supply to you with registration information;validate or invalidate both your license and registration code; and provide you with support information.Aside from your registration code, as noted above, CallClerk does not share any of your personal information with me.In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, I may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. CallClerk stores your personal information, such as your phone directory and call history data, as well as your settings information on your computer equipment.  This includes information you may choose to import from your Google or Outlook contacts lists. If you use the Google import, Twitter, Facebook, PushBullet or TrueCNam.com features, CallClerk will share information about your calls with the associated company for the feature(s) you use, along with the user identification information used by that service to authenticate you.If you use the Web Page update feature, CallClerk will post information about your calls to the webpage host you specify in your settings.Securing your data   I will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. I will store all the personal information you provide me on secured computers.  Cross-border data transfers
Information that I collect may be stored, processed in, transferred between any of the countries in which I operate to enable and safeguard the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.   You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
I may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.    Other websites and Third Parties
This website contains links to other websites.    I am not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party, or for data collected by them.  Contact   If you have any questions about this privacy policy or my treatment of your personal information, please write by e-mail to info@callclerk.com.
Copyright © 2004 - 2020 Rob Latour.  All Rights Reserved.TweetThanks to OS Templates