http://callrecordingsolutions.com/index.php/pages/privacy-policy
TALK LIVETO AN ADVISOR
GET A QUOTE
protectionpolicy
Money backguarantee
SIGN UPTO OUR NEWSLETTER
Privacy policy
Intelligent Recording
- Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines our information gathering and usage practices bring it into line to meet the new GDPR Legislation, this is for www.usbcallrecord.com and other web-sites hosted by Intelligent Recording.
Its purpose is to notify you of what personally identifiable information of yours ("User Information") is collected; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; what kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company's control; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Intelligent Recording does not rent, sell or lease User Information we have collected through our web site. However, we may share User Information, collected through our web site, with other third parties after giving you the opportunity to opt out prior to any information being exchanged. Local country laws are applied where they differ from this policy.
We are firmly committed to guarding the confidence you have placed in our company and to use, responsibly and professionally, any information you volunteer. We strive to collect only that information that we think is necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to better understand you (our customer), to provide better service, to improve marketing of our products, to educate customers and to ensure that our proprietary information is protected. We are committed to using the information collected only for these purposes and those outlined below. Our web site visitors from Europe should note that Intelligent Recording has developed this policy with the intent of complying with the International Safe Harbor Privacy Principles between the United
States and Europe. If you do not want to share personal data, please read below for information on how to opt out or change personal information Intelligent Recording collects from you.
Links to third party web sites, from this web site, are provided solely as a convenience for you. If you use these links, you will leave our site. We have not reviewed, nor do we monitor, these third-party sites and we do not control, nor are we responsible for, any of these sites, their content or their privacy policy (if any). This policy discloses our information gathering and usage practices for www.usbcallrecord.com.
In order to improve our problem resolution process through better product and case tracking, Intelligent Recording ’s tech support department has implemented online product registration and technical support service. We require contact information and product serial number to identify your product. This information is used to manage your case, notify you when necessary of issues related to your product and, together with your voluntary responses to our marketing survey, it is used to analyze our customer base in aggregate. Occasionally, we may send emails to give customers information we think you will find useful, such as information about new features, products or promotions. When we email you, we will always provide instructions explaining how to unsubscribe, so you will not receive our emails in the future. You may also opt-out of receiving future Intelligent Recording and/or partner communications by submitting your request through our on-line Feedback form.
We use contact data from our promotions to send users information we think you will find useful, such as information about new products or promotions. When we email you, we will always provide instructions explaining how to unsubscribe, so you will not receive our emails in the future.
Online
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address). This may be used to contact you if additional follow-up is appropriate, but will not be used for future marketing purposes, unless explicitly stated.
Email
Newsletters
Intelligent Recording distributes various product or topic-specific newsletters. We ask for your first name and last name, so that we may personalize your greeting, email address and in some cases your country, as not all offers are valid in all countries. Typically, all other contact information is voluntary and may be used to send other information or offers via mail. We do not share your information with third parties, except as required to deliver our message.
Additionally you may use one of the following options to request removal of your information from our databases. Please include the exact contact information you'd like removed and some detail about the type of communication you received from us.
You can send email to: support@irl-recording.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Intelligent Recording Limited
Cavendish House
Welbeck Estate
Worksop
Nottinghamshire
S80 3LL
In addition, certain email communications may provide a uniquely coded URL so customers can
unsubscribe from individual lists.
Correcting or
Updating your Personal Info
To change or modify or remove information previously provided, we recommend that you contact us via email or post to
update your records.
Please note
that Intelligent Recordingreserves the right to preserve certain information collected
when its software is downloaded from our web site in order to protect Intelligent Recording ’s
proprietary rights to the software.
Information We
Automatically Collect
For each web visitor, we may record date and time of visit, IP address and browser type to analyze how visitors use our site and to
gather broad demographic information like country of origin and browser usage
among our visitors. This information will not be matched against your personal information as supplied through all the means disclosed above. This information is analyzed and then purged on a regular basis.
In the event Intelligent Recording goes through a business transition, such as being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personally identifiable information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via an appropriate vehicle which may include email and/or prominent notice on our web site for 30 days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, then they will be given an opportunity to have personally identifiable information removed from our database in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This site contains links to other sites. www.usbcallrecord.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We may use cookies to provide registration and login to secured portions of our website. These cookies are temporary and are set to expire within a short period of time. We may use cookies to track session information and site usage patterns. We are also reviewing the use of monitoring software to prevent the illegal downloads of
our proprietary software from embargoed nations as specified in the Export
Compliance Requirements set by the United States Federal Government.
Updates to our Privacy Policy will be announced on our Web site.
Privacy
and Children
Intelligent Recording and the Intelligent Recording web sites do not target children (defined as those persons under 13 years of age) as an audience or a market, and Intelligent Recording does not collect information about the age of its web site
users. Intelligent Recording intends to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child we will make all reasonable efforts to delete that data from our records.
Security
To protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Intelligent Recording
strives to protect the privacy of the information you provide, and in advertent disclosure of that information is extremely unlikely. In the event of such an inadvertent disclosure, Intelligent Recording will do everything commercially reasonable to limit and remedy the disclosure, but Intelligent Recording accepts no liability for any unintentional disclosure. In addition, in the unlikely event that any government or private individual seeks information, Intelligent Recording will not voluntarily provide the information, but will obey any court order requiring disclosure.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Intelligent Recording Limited
Intelligent Recording Limited,
Cavendish House,
Welbeck Estate,
Worksop,
Nottinghamshire,
S80 3LL.
United Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0) 1909 776 796
www.usbcallrecord.com
-->