https://callteamone.com/legal/
skip to Main Content
HOME
ABOUT US
Locations
Mission & Vision
Leadership Team
Employment Opportunities
Testimonials
History
SHOP PRODUCTS
Shop Our Products
3D Products
3D Printers
3D Filaments
3D Powders & Resins
3D Printer Cleaning
Stratasys Compatible Filament
Library Products
Hold Label Printers and Paper
ILA/ILF/MLA MEMBERS PPE
Receipt Paper
Receipt Printers
Wizard Wall
Monitors & Displays
Monitors
Digital Signage
Bluefin/Bluesign
Inter-active Displays
Mounts
Screen & Device Cleaning
Payment Systems
Bill Validators
Cash Boxes
Cleaning
Programmers
POS Products
Barcode Printers
Barcode Scanners
Cash Drawers
Label Printers
MAXStick Sticky Receipt Paper
POS Cleaning Products
POS Terminals
Power Protection Products
Receipt Paper
Receipt Printers
Power Protection
Network Protection
Power Protection Filters
UPS
Voltage Regulators
Printers & Consumables
Printer Consumables
Multifunction Printers
Printer Accessories
Refurbished Printers
Ribbons
Tech Cleaning
KIC-Team
Cleaning Cards
Cleaning Pens
Cleaning Swabs
Cleaning Wipes
Solutions & Sprays
Hurricane
Metrovac
Display Systems
Bluefin/BlueSign Products
Displays
Inter-active Displays
Monitors
Mounts
Projectors
Screen & Device Wipes
Wizard Wall
What We Sell
Warranties
Legal
SHOP SERVICES
Shop Our Services
What We Provide
Warranties
OUR TEAMS
Team One 3D Technologies
Team One Government
Team One Payment Systems
Team One Point Of Sale Systems
Team One Repair
Team One Display Systems
SUPPORT
Contact
Government Procurement
Instructional Videos
Locations
RMA Form
Tech Support
Warranties
My Team One Portal •Contact Us • (678) 985-0772
NOTICES /POLICIES /SHIPPING/ T&C’s/WARRANTIES
LEGAL NOTICE:
All notices from Team One Repair, Inc. to you may be posted on our website and will be deemed delivered within thirty (30) days after posting. Notices from you to Team One Repair, Inc. shall be made either by email, sent to the address we provide on our website, or first class mail to our address at:
2705 Crestridge Court Suwanee, GA 30024
Delivery shall be deemed as F.O.B: Team One Repair, Inc. Suwanee GA. Delivered to you once it is the possession of the designated freight.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
All content appearing on this website is the property of:
Team One Repair, Inc.
2705 Crestridge Court Suwanee, GA 30024
Copyright © 2012-2018 Team One Repair, Inc. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this website so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2012-2016 Team One Repair, Inc. All rights reserved.
TRADEMARKS:
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this website are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Team One Repair, Inc. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Team One Repair, Inc. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
VOID WHERE PROHIBITED:
Although the information on this website is accessible worldwide, not all products or services discussed in this website are available to all persons or in all geographic locations or jurisdictions. Team One Repair, Inc. and the advertisers each reserve the right to limit the provision of their products or services to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction they so desire and to limit the quantities of any products or services that they provide. Any offer for any product or service made in the materials on this website is void where prohibited.
GOVERNING LAW: In the event of litigation both parties agree that the Law of the State of business registration of Team One Repair, Inc. shall apply and both parties shall consent to the jurisdiction of said State’s courts, or in the event of diversity of citizenship, the United States District Court for the (District). Both parties expressly waive a trial by jury.
MISCELLANEOUS: The Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Team One Repair, Inc. with respect to this website. The Terms and Conditions supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written between you and Team One Repair, Inc. with respect to this website. No modification of the Terms and Conditions shall be effective unless it is authorized by Team One Repair, Inc. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) shall be constructed in a manner to closely reflect, as much as possible, the intentions of the parties, with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect. Powered by Squarespace.
RETURN POLICY
Team One Repair, Inc. will make every attempt to assist you in returning a product when necessary. You may return damaged, defective, and or merchandise deemed non satisfactory within ten (10) days of the receipt date for a full refund, credit, or product replacement. Notification must be provided to Team One Repair, Inc by email within the specified ten (10) days from receipt of merchandise. Email notification must include the following: reason for return, description of any damages, defects, or missing accessories. If the notification is regarding damages incurred in transit/shipment please provide a photo of the box, packaging and the merchandise.
Team One Poscleaning.com doesn’t accept returns of the following items: computers, tablets, or point of sale equipment after 30 days. Open software either sold separately or part of the above listed merchandise.
Team One Repair, Inc. upon receipt of notification will issue an RMA (Return Materials Authorization) number along with a return shipment label. Return shipment instructions will be provided. The RMA number provided must be clearly marked on the outside of the package.
RETURNS WITHOUT AN RMA WILL BE REFUSED AND RETURNED AT YOUR EXPENSE.
Team One Repair, Inc. upon receipt of the returned merchandise, under RMA, will process your refund or credit accordingly. We will also be glad to exchange the damaged or defective merchandise for an identical replacement and or for any other product on our website of equal or lesser value.  Please contact should you have any questions or concerns.
EMAIL US: sales@teamonerepair.com
PHONE: (678) 985-0772
FAX: (770) 614-3394
HOURS OF OPERATION: 8:30AM-5:00PM EST Monday-Friday. Closed on Holidays
Sales Tax
Team One Repair, Inc. charges sales tax for merchandise ordered on this website for the states of GA., CA., MI., FL., and VA., based on the applicable state sales tax rate. Team One Repair, Inc. may charge sales tax for merchandise ordered on this website for any other applicable state based on its applicable state sales tax rate.
Shipping Information
Shipping At this time, Team One Repair, Inc. ships merchandise to locations within the continental United States, Alaska, Hawaii and U.S. territories, including Puerto Rico, Guam, and the US Virgin Islands. Additionally, Team One Repair, Inc. ships merchandise to Canada and Mexico within NAFTA guidelines. We do ship internationally by USPS, Fed Ex, or UPS. Please review International Terms and Conditions. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this website will pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the carrier. Please contact us for any more information required during our hours of operation.
INTERNATIONAL: Customs and import duties may be applied to international orders when the shipment reaches its destination. Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of your order and vary from country to country. Contact your local customs office for details.
Shipping laws are different in each country. It is your responsibility to check with your customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products. Team One Repair, Inc. is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this website pass to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.
TERMS OF USE
This website may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Team One Repair, Inc. and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Team One Repair, Inc. believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Team One Repair, Inc. and its subsidiaries, OEM partners, and service partners.
PRIVACY POLICY
Team One Repair, Inc. use of personal information that you may submit to Team One Repair, Inc. through this website is governed by the Team One Repair, Inc. Privacy Policy.
Team One Repair, Inc. Privacy Policy: We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
CONSUMER AGREEMENT
You may purchase merchandise from this website by using any one of the payment options listed in (link to Payment Options). Team One Repair, Inc. reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you.
WARRANTIES
The Content included in this website has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice as are any products, programs, offerings, or technical information described in this website. Team One Repair, Inc. makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, or adequacy of the website or content, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this website or its content. By using this website, you assume the risk that the content on this website may be inaccurate, incomplete, offensive, or may not meet your needs and requirements. Team One Repair, Inc. SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THESE WEB PAGES AND CONTENT. IN NO EVENT WILL Team One Repair, Inc. BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
— OR Depending on State —
The information and content on this server is provided “as is” with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products and services described on this website is provided by the advertiser or manufacturer only, and not by Team One Repair, Inc.
The references and descriptions of products or services within the website materials are provided “as is” without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Team One Repair, Inc. is not liable for any damages, including any consequential damages, of any kind that may result to the user from the use of the materials on this website or of any of the products or services described hereon.
The descriptions of, and references to, products, services and companies on this website are the sole responsibility of the companies providing the information (“advertisers”), and not Team One Repair, Inc.
The inclusion of material on this server does not imply any endorsement by Team One Repair, Inc. which makes no warranty of any kind with respect to the subject matter of the server materials advertised.
A possibility exists that the server materials could include inaccuracies or errors. Additionally, a possibility exists that unauthorized additions, deletions, and alterations could be made by third parties to the server materials. Although Team One Repair, Inc. tries to ensure the integrity and the accurateness of the server materials, it makes no guarantees about their correctness or accuracy. Before relying on any representation made in any of the server materials, check with the advertiser of the product or service to ensure that the information you are relying upon is correct.
REQUEST A QUOTE
Copyright 2019 - Team One
Home
About Us
Products
Services
Support
Close search
Cart
×Close search
Search
Search
Submit