https://carolynecooper.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS HomeWhat People SayResourcesPrivacy PolicyPostsPrivacy Policy(which we acknowledge was lifted heavily from TED)We are a private site for Carolyn E. Cooper and our web address is: http://carolynecooper.com.We respect your privacy.We will never sell your data to any third party.We will never knowingly provide any of your data to a third party without your written permission.We will ensure that you can determine which pieces of the information you provide us are shown to other people.We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any financial information you provide us, including credit card numbers, is stored securely.We ask you to respect the privacy preferences of others.We ask you to remember that any information you choose to post publicly (for example, comments) on this site is, of course, public.If you have any concern about privacy violations, please contact us.Some Additional Details on the Personal Data Collected, Why, and How It Is UsedCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to determine the primary interest of our site visitors. We are strictly interested in noting what content is of interest to our site visitors and whether it is effectively meeting its goals such as being engaging. From our perspective, it is anonymous data. We do not have the resources or the interest in attempting to track and manipulate individual behavior. So for small sites like ours, web analytics actually makes us more useful to you.But if you want to opt–out, you may use the banner at the bottom of your browser window to click on the Opt-out option.You will find the details of Google’s Privacy Policy here (pack a snack).Who we share your data withWe knowingly share your data with no one without your explicit permission.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Search for:
Recent Posts A Very Brief History of Fanzines Effective Website Design Now Class Guide Using Gutenberg & WordPress Blocks Resource Guide Do You Always Want to Capture Your Audience Online?Recommended Web Hosting
Fast, reliable Managed Wordpress Hosting with terrific start-up deals. (I use them for several sites. Disclosure: this is an affiliate link.)Recommended: Elegant Themes
Build brilliant, beautiful, professional & powerful WP sites simply & quickly with the Visual Builder plugin or Divi Theme! (It's what we use.)
(Disclosure: It's not only what we use on several sites but this is an affiliate link.)DisclosuresSome links on this site, most notably Amazon, are affiliate links meaning that, at no additional cost to you, I may earn a very small commission if you click through and make a purchase. If you do so, I greatly appreciate the support. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Click here to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking.