https://carolinaweb.design/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentCarolina Web Design, LLC is committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of those who contact us, whether by telephone, by coming to our meetings, or by electronic means such as email, our help forms service, our online chat, or using our website.This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.Information We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register to use our forumsInformation that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.Deleting the information we hold about you
If at any time you wish us to remove all the information we hold on you, please contact bwilkins(at)carolinaweb(dot)design with your name and any details you have of who you were in contact with and when, so we can ensure it is promptly removed. IP address would help too.Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.Use of Your Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our services.To inform you of any changes to our website or services.Third Party Links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Black Friday Offer to Help
Quality WordPress Hosting From People Who Know Your Name
Paid Memberships Pro — It simply works
People need your LIGHT in this dark time.
Things you can do for your business RIGHT NOW!ArchivesNovember 2020October 2020September 2020April 2020March 2020October 2013September 2013October 2011December 2010September 2010July 2010April 2010March 2010February 2010January 2010March 2009CategoriesBlog StuffFeaturedViews
Scroll to Top