https://cayenne.apache.org/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy · Apache Cayenne
Apache Software Foundation
Apache Homepage
License
Sponsorship
Thanks
Security
DOWNLOAD
DOCUMENTATION
SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
Information about your use of this website is collected using server access
logs and a tracking cookie. The collected information consists of the
following:
The IP address from which you access the website;
The type of browser and operating system you use to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
The addresses of pages from where you followed a link to our site.
Part of this information is gathered using a tracking cookie set by the Google Analytics
service and handled by Google as described in their privacy policy.
See your browser documentation for instructions on how to disable the
cookie if you prefer not to share this data with Google.
We use the gathered information to help us make our site more useful to
visitors and to better understand how and when our site is used. We do not
track or collect personally identifiable information or associate gathered
data with any personally identifying information from other sources.
By using this website, you consent to the collection of this data in the
manner and for the purpose described above.
About
Why Cayenne?
Download
Success Stories
Support
Documentation
Getting Started (4.0)
Getting Started (4.1)
Getting Started (4.2)
Cayenne Guide (4.0)
Cayenne Guide (4.1)
Cayenne Guide (4.2)
Database First tutorial (4.1)
Database First tutorial (4.2)
Collaboration
Bug/Feature Tracker
Mailing Lists
Code Repository
Developer Guide
How can I help?
Contributors
Thanks
News
Jul 21, 2020
Cayenne 4.1 Final Released
Apr 20, 2020
Cayenne 4.2 Milestone 1 Released
Oct 29, 2019
Cayenne 4.1 Release Candidate 2 Released
More news
Copyright © 2001-2020 Apache Software Foundation. Apache Cayenne, Cayenne, Apache, the Apache feather logo, and the Apache Cayenne project logo are trademarks of The Apache Software Foundation. Privacy policy.