https://cdm.link/about/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - CDM Create Digital Music
Stories
StoriesTechAppsMusicMotion
Search Privacy PolicyWebsite Visitors Like most website operators, Create Digital Media collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Create Digital Media’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Create Digital Media’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Create Digital Media may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Create Digital Media also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on our sites. Create Digital Media only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information Certain visitors to Create Digital Media’s websites choose to interact with Create Digital Media in ways that require Create Digital Media to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Create Digital Media gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we may ask visitors who sign up for a comment account or forum account to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in sales transactions with Create Digital Media are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Create Digital Media collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Create Digital Media. Create Digital Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated Statistics Create Digital Media may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Create Digital Media may monitor the most popular posts on our site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Create Digital Media may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Create Digital Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information Create Digital Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Create Digital Media’s behalf or to provide services available at Create Digital Media’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Create Digital Media’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Create Digital Media will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Create Digital Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Create Digital Media believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Create Digital Media, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Create Digital Media website and have supplied your email address, Create Digital Media may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Create Digital Media and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Create Digital Media takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Create Digital Media uses cookies to help Create Digital Media identify and track visitors, their usage of Create Digital Media website, and their website access preferences. Create Digital Media visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Create Digital Media’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Create Digital Media’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business Transfers If Create Digital Media, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Create Digital Media goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Create Digital Media may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.Ads Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Create Digital Media and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, Create Digital Media may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Create Digital Media’s sole discretion. Create Digital Media encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a WordPress.com account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Create Digital Media Privacy Policy by Create Digital Media, GmbH is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.Based on a work at http://automattic.com/privacy/.
CDM is a home for people who make and play music and motion.Get news and special deals from us in your inbox weekly:
Subscribe
Opt in to receive news and updates.
Subscribe
Thank you!You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Made by Create Digital Media, GmbH in BerlinImpressumContact usSubmit a news item
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, show personalized content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from.
By choosing I Accept, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Please read our Privacy Policy.I accept