https://cedeq.com/enterpad/en/privacy-policy
Toggle main menu visibility
FRANÇAIS
HOME
ENTERPAD
Standard
AutoHotkey
VBA Excel & Word
Turnkey
ShortKeeper
ABOUT CEDEQ
CONTACT US
SEARCH
Privacy policy
Your privacy is important to us
Privacy policy
Introduction
With the development of new communications tools, it is important to pay close attention to the protection of privacy. This is why we are committed to ensuring the confidentiality of personal information that we collect.
Collection of Personal Information
The personal information we collect is received through forms and arises from the interactivity established between you and our website. As indicated in the section below, we also use cookies and/or log files to amass information about you.
Collection of personal information :
Name
Email address
Shipping and invoicing addresses
Phone number
Forms and Interactivity
Your personal information is collected via the use of forms, such as :
Account opening
Purchase order
Contact
We use the information collected this way for the following purposes :
Shipping and invoicing
Promotional information / offers
Correspondence
Log Files and Cookies
We acquire certain information via log files and cookies. This concerns the following types of information :
IP address
Operating system
Visited pages and requests
Connection date and time
These types of files are used to :
Ensure improvement in service and a personalized welcome
Analyze statistics
Serve digital "remarketing" ads
Sharing of Personal Information
We are committed not to sell your personal information to third parties. However, we reserve the right to share your information with third party companies and partners, including Google, for the following uses :
Digital "remarketing" ads
If you do not wish to share your personal information with third parties, you can opt out, as mentionned in the section below.
Right of Veto and of Removal (Opt-out)
We are committed to offering you a right of veto and of removal regarding your personal information.
The right of veto is understood to mean the possibility offered to online visitors to refuse to have their personal information be used to certain ends outlined during collection.
The right of removal refers to the option offered to online visitors to choose that their personal information no longer be used in a mailing list, for example.
To use these rights, you can contact us by e-mail, mail or telephone :
Cedeq Inc.
5193 Montee St-Hubert
St-Hubert, Quebec
J3Y 1V8, Canada
E-mail: support@cedeq.com
Telephone: 450-462-3988
Canada/USA: 1-888-462-3988
Right of Access
We are committed to recognizing right of access and modification for those individuals who wish to consult, modify or delete information about them.
To use these rights, you can contact us at the address below :
Cedeq Inc.
5193 Montee St-Hubert
St-Hubert, Quebec
J3Y 1V8, Canada
E-mail: support@cedeq.com
Telephone: 450-462-3988
Canada/USA: 1-888-462-3988
Security
Personal information that we collect is kept in a secure environment. Persons working for us are bound to respecting the confidentiality of your information.
We are committed to maintaining a high degree of confidentiality by integrating the latest technological innovations that allow us to ensure the security of your transactions. At the same time, as no mechanism can ensure 100% security, there is always a small element of risk when using the Internet to transmit personal information.
Cedeq Inc. 5193 Montee St-Hubert St-Hubert, Quebec J3Y 1V8, Canada
E-mail: support@cedeq.com Telephone: 450-462-3988 Canada/USA: 1-888-462-3988