https://cepis.org/legal/
Privacy and website terms & conditions
This page explains:
What personal information we collect through this website, and why What your rights are in relation to this information How we use cookies on this websiteWhat our terms of use are for information on this websiteWho owns the copyright to material on this website
Collection and use of personal information
The Council of European Professional Informatics Societies (hereinafter – CEPIS) is committed to respecting privacy and to complying with all applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Any personal information you provide, and from which you can be identified, is stored securely and confidentially and is processed fairly and lawfully in accordance with this policy.
CEPIS collects the following information from this website:
Non-identifying information about how the website is accessed See below for more details about what information is collected. Personal information that is voluntarily submitted through forms A privacy notice is presented on every page on which personal information can be submitted. Please read these notices before submitting information.
Information that is collected through this website is not made available to third parties, unless stated clearly when you provide the information. CEPIS only uses information for the purpose for which it was provided.
If you disagree with how we have processed your personal data and you live in the EU, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence or in the Republic of Ireland. You can find contact information for data protection supervisory authorities on the website of the European Data Protection Supervisor.
Collection and use of technical information
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by CEPIS for statistical purposes. No information that could be used to identify website visitors is collected or retained. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server the top-level domain name used (for example .eu, .com, .org, .net) the address of the website that sent the visitor to our website, possibly including search terms used to find our websitedata that shows how users have moved around this website (for example, pages accessed, the order in which they were accessed, or documents downloaded)information about the type of computer that the website visitor used (for example, the operating system, web browser, or type of mobile device used)
CEPIS will make no attempt to identify individuals, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual.
It is the policy of CEPIS never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party other than the web statistics service provider unless required by law to disclose such information. The technical information will be used only by CEPIS, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, are not constituted as “personal data” in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Embedded content from other sites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Cookie policy
We use cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. Cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. If you wish to find out more information about these cookies please go here: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Below is a table of the cookies used on this website:
Cookie name Nature of cookie __utma __utma is a persistent cookie __utmb __utmc __utmb and __utmc are session cookies that last for a maximum of 30 minutes __utmz __utmz is a persistent cookie that lasts for six months JSESSIONID A JESSIONID cookie lasts until the end of the session. JSESSIONID is the unique ID of the http session generated by the server cookieStatus_sitename A cookieStatus_sitename cookie lasts for a maximum of 10 days. cookieStatus is set if you accept the cookie policy on the website. It removes the policy overlay.
Newsletter privacy policy
Upon registering for the newsletter, CEPIS will use your personal data to:
Send you a regular email newsletter and occasional email communications.
We will only use your data for the purpose of sending emails to you if you consent when completing this form. Your personal data will only be processed by staff of CEPIS. We will not share your personal data with third-parties. We will hold your data for 1 year from the date of the last email that we send to you.You can always withdraw your consent for CEPIS to use your personal data. To do this, simply use the unsubscribe button on any email that CEPIS has sent you.
Disclaimer
Although every care has been taken by CEPIS in the preparation of this website, CEPIS makes no representations, provides no assurances and no warranty is given by CEPIS as publisher as to the completeness or accuracy of the information contained within it and neither shall CEPIS be responsible or liable for any loss or damage whatsoever arising by virtue of such information or any instructions or advice contained within this website. Changes may be made to the website at the discretion of CEPIS at any time without notice.
The appearance of hyperlinks on this website does not constitute an endorsement by CEPIS of these websites or the information, products, or services contained, or any representations made therein other than expressly stated by CEPIS. CEPIS does not exercise any control over the material you may find at these locations. These links are provided consistent with the purpose of this website. CEPIS does not grant any rights relating to Third Party Sites.
Data may not be reproduced in whole or part without permission and acknowledgement.
Copyright
© 2020 CEPIS. All rights reserved.
CEPIS is a registered business name of Council of European Professional Informatics Societies, and related logos are all registered Trade Marks.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Why not keep up to date with all our latest news and events?
Full Name
Enter your Email *
I agree to give CEPIS my consent to use my email address to send me newsletters
I agree to have my newsletter activity tracked
Subscribe
ContactAbout us
Contact
Legal