http://certmag.com/privacy-policy/
SUBSCRIBEHomeSalary Information
20162015Certification Articles
Jobs and SalaryPeopleTech KnowCultureCCNMADear CertMagReviewsNews
OpinionPress PassArchiveResources
About UsSalary CalculatorSubscribeSubmission GuidelinesPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingContact UsPrivacy PolicyNoel Roberto Vallejo Media Group, LLC Privacy PolicyEffective Date: April 20, 2020Noel Roberto Vallejo Media Group, LLC is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when you visit CertMag.com or GoCertify.com (the “Websites”), or interact with us via email or other channels. It also describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding the collection and use of your personal information.Table of ContentsThe Information We CollectWhere We Store Your DataHow We Use Your InformationDisclosure of Your InformationRequesting, Updating, Correcting or Deleting Your Personal DataChoosing to Exercise Your Privacy RightsLawful Basis for ProcessingData SecurityChanges to the Privacy PolicyHow to Contact Us Regarding This Privacy Policy THE INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe may collect the following categories of personal data, although not all categories may be collected about every individual:Personal identifiers, such as name and addressDevice and online identifiers and related information, such as email address, IP address, browser type and information, operating system, and device platformLocation information, such as geo-location information Information you give to us:This is information about you that you give us directly when you interact with us. You may give it to us by filling out a form on our Websites, purchasing services, or corresponding with us by phone, chat, or e-mail. It includes information necessary to receive product and service information, pay for a subscription, or place an order for other services we provide. When you make a purchase from us, we do not store sensitive cardholder data such as full credit card numbers or card authentication data on any of our systems.Information we collect about you from your use of our Websites:Using cookies and other technologies, we may automatically collect information from you each time you visit our Websites. This includes technical information, information about your visit, and information about your activity on our Websites such as courses searched and viewed, length of visit to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouseovers), methods to browse to and away from a page, and methods used to contact our sales and support teams. Technical information may also include the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, operating system, and device platform. See “Cookies and Other Technologies” below for more information.Information we receive from other sources:This is information we receive about you from third parties that we work closely with to provide, promote, and improve our Websites and services. These third parties include marketing list providers, analytics providers, and search information providers.Our role and responsibility when handling your personal information:Data protection laws require companies to describe their role and responsibility when handling personal information:When users access our Websites and view information about us, communicate with us, download whitepapers, subscribe to publications, purchase services, etc., we are the data controller. Cookies and Other TechnologiesWhen you use our Websites, we use cookies and other technologies in order to facilitate and customize your use of our Websites. Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to decline cookies. You can learn more about cookies at https://www.cookiesandyou.com. You can limit the duration that cookies are stored on your computer if you use the “private” or “incognito” mode of your browser. WHERE WE STORE YOUR DATABy submitting your personal data and/or using our Websites, you agree to the transfer, storing and processing of your personal data outside of the country where you reside. We take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For more information, see the “Data Security” section below. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use information held about you in the following ways:To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest youTo present content from our Websites in an effective manner for you and for your computer and browser configurationTo improve our products and services, and to develop new products and servicesTo process your requests and orders of products and services and for technical supportTo carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe do not sell, trade, rent or disclose your information to others, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. Note that the Websites are operated by employees of TestOut Corporation, so while we do not share your information directly with TestOut Corporation or allow them to use your information for any purpose, the TestOut Corporation employees who operate our Websites do have access to your information as part of the services we provide. There are two instances in which data collected from you may be transferred to a third party. The first is in the event that our business is sold, assigned, or transferred, in which case we will require the buyer, assignee or transferee to treat personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The second instance is if we are required to do so because of an applicable law, court order or governmental regulation, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in any legal or criminal investigation. REQUESTING, UPDATING, CORRECTING OR DELETING YOUR PERSONAL DATARight to Access Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data in a readily usable format. To request your personal data, you can email webmaster@certmag.com making such request. We will respond within 45 days of your request or, if reasonably necessary, we may inform you that an additional 45 days is required in which case we will give you your personal data within 90 days from your initial request. You can ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling 12-month period. When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months. As required or permitted under applicable law, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. You can designate an authorized agent to make a request for your personal data on your behalf once you have verified your identity.Updating or Correcting Data: You can ask us to update or correct your data in certain cases by emailing webmaster@certmag.com, particularly if it is inaccurate. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before acting on your request to exercise your rights to update your personal information.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). However, to the extent your personal data is necessary to be maintained as described by law, we may retain and use such information.Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide our services to you). Once we receive a request, we will delete the personal data (to the extent required by law) we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same. We will also inform you whether we have complied with your request and to what extent your personal data will be deleted. Please note that in some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information.You may access, request deletion, and correct your personal data by submitting a data request by writing to us at the address at the end of this Privacy Policy, or by emailing webmaster@certmag.com.With respect to your communications preferences, you can unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the instructions included in any marketing email messages you receive. Please note that we may not include the opt-out information in e-mails that are transactional in nature and are not marketing-related communications (i.e., e-mails concerning your order, notification of updates to this Privacy Policy, etc.). If you have questions or concerns regarding a non-marketing e-mail, please contact us at webmaster@certmag.com. CHOOSING TO EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTSWe will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. This generally means we will not deny you services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for services. LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSINGWe will only collect and process personal data about you where we have a lawful basis. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), and contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or agreement), and other legitimate interests.Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. DATA SECURITYWe store your personal information only on servers with restricted access that are located in secured facilities, and use a variety of technologies and procedures intended to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal data, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through our Websites cannot be guaranteed and we shall have no liability to you or any third party for loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration of such information; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your personal data in our control may have been compromised, we will try to notify you. To the extent you have provided us with your email address, we may notify you by email and you agree to our use of email as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please contact us at webmaster@certmag.com with the alternative contact information you wish to be used. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. We will place a notice online if we make significant changes to this the Privacy Policy. Additionally, if the changes will significantly affect the way we use or disclose previously-collected Personal Information, we will notify you about the change by sending a notice to the email address we have on file for you. HOW TO CONTACT US REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICYIf you have questions, concerns or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at webmaster@certmag.com. You can also reach us by physical mail at the addresses below.Noel Roberto Vallejo Media Group, LLC 50 S Main Street Pleasant Grove, UT 84062We will respond to your request within 45 days or, if reasonably necessary, we may inform you that an additional 45 days is required.  Important Update: We have updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)Sign up for our Newsletter Get the latest certification news and resources.
Certification Magazine uses the information you provide to us to send you our newsletter as well as information about products or services which we feel may interest you. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.PopularLatest Today Week Month All
Salary Survey 2020: An all-new Salary Survey 75
The six best countries to look for IT work
Salary Survey 2016: An all-new Salary Survey 75
An IT internship can be your strong first step toward a rewarding professional career
Create your own certification program: Step-by-step instructions (Part 1 of 2)
Take the 2021 Salary Survey and get a FREE digital subscription
Blaze your own trail with training and certifications
Longtime Utah tech teacher got her first exposure to IT in high school
Salary Survey Extra: Deep Focus on LPIC-1: Linux Administrator
Salary Survey Extra: Average annual salary in non-U.S. nations (Nos. 25 to 34)
Job profile: Become a program manager
An IT internship can be your strong first step toward a rewarding professional careerContact UsPrivacy PolicyAbout Us© Copyright 2020 Noel Roberto Vallejo Media Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Login Username
Password
Lost your password?Reset Password Username or E-mail:
Log in