http://certmag.com/advertising-acceptance-terms-conditions/
SUBSCRIBEHomeSalary Information
20162015Certification Articles
Jobs and SalaryPeopleTech KnowCultureCCNMADear CertMagReviewsNews
OpinionPress PassArchiveResources
About UsSalary CalculatorSubscribeSubmission GuidelinesPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingContact UsAdvertisingAdvertising Acceptance Terms and ConditionsAdvertisements are accepted upon the representation that advertiser and its agency have the right to publish the contents thereof. In consideration of such publication, advertiser and its agency agree to indemnify and hold harmless the publisher against any expense or loss by reason of any claim arising out of publication. Other advertising criteria and stipulations are as follows:— Conditions other than rates are subject to change by the publisher without notice. — All contents of advertisements are subject to publisher’s approval. Publisher reserves the right to reject or cancel any advertisement, insertion order, space reservation or position commitment at any time. — Positioning of advertisements is at the discretion of the publisher, except where a promise for a specific position is acknowledged by the publisher in writing. — Publisher shall have no liability for errors in key numbers, the reader service section, advertisers index, product index or ad copy typeset by the publisher. — Advertisements not received by our advertising production department by the day after closing date will not be entitled to the privilege of O.K. or revisions by the advertiser or its agency. — Cancellations or changes in order may not be made by advertiser or its agency after closing date. — All insertion orders are accepted subject to provisions of our current rate card. Rates are subject to change upon notice from the publisher. In the event of a change in rates not publicly announced prior to the first issue covered by the contract then in effect, space reserved may be cancelled by the advertiser or its agency at the time the change becomes effective without incurring short-rate charges, provided the advertisements published to the date of the cancellation are consistent with the appropriate frequency or volume rate. Cancellation of space reservations for any other reason in whole or in part by the advertiser will result in an adjustment of the rate (short-rate) based on past and subsequent insertions to reflect actual space used at the earned issue, frequency or volume rate. — Publisher shall not be liable for any cost or damages if, for any reason, it fails to publish an advertisement. In no event shall the publisher be liable for damages, consequences or otherwise, in excess of amount paid as a result of any mistake in advertisement or for any other reason. — Publisher shall have the right to hold advertiser and/or its agency jointly and severally liable for such monies as are due and payable to publisher for advertising which advertiser or its agency ordered and which advertising was published. — No conditions, other than those set forth here, shall be binding upon the publisher unless specifically agreed to in writing by the publisher. Publisher will not be bound by conditions printed or appearing on order blanks or copy instructions which conflict with provisions of these General Conditions. — Publisher is not liable for delays in delivery and/or non-delivery in the event of an Act of God, action by government or quasi-governmental entity, fire, flood, insurrection, riot, explosion, embargo, strike whether legal or illegal, labor or material shortage, transportation shortage of any kind, work slow-down or any condition beyond the control of the publisher affecting production or delivery in any manner. — Publisher reserves the right to reduce the discount level at which an advertiser is being billed if it appears improbable that the advertiser will, in fact, earn that rate level. Regardless of what rate is billed, at contract year end the lowest rate earned will be applied and normal rebate and short-rate adjustments made for that contract year. — As used in this section entitled “General Conditions,” the term “publisher” shall refer to Vallejo Media. — Any commission awarded to advertisers and/or their advertising agencies is only applicable for accounts paid in full within 30 days of invoice date. Invoices not paid within 30 days will be revised to the GROSS amount and charged an additional 1.5% per month on all outstanding balances. For more information on ad placements and pricing, contact us at sales@certmag.com.  Important Update: We have updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)Sign up for our Newsletter Get the latest certification news and resources.
Certification Magazine uses the information you provide to us to send you our newsletter as well as information about products or services which we feel may interest you. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.PopularLatest Today Week Month All
Salary Survey 2020: An all-new Salary Survey 75
The six best countries to look for IT work
Salary Survey 2016: An all-new Salary Survey 75
An IT internship can be your strong first step toward a rewarding professional career
Create your own certification program: Step-by-step instructions (Part 1 of 2)
Take the 2021 Salary Survey and get a FREE digital subscription
Blaze your own trail with training and certifications
Longtime Utah tech teacher got her first exposure to IT in high school
Salary Survey Extra: Deep Focus on LPIC-1: Linux Administrator
Salary Survey Extra: Average annual salary in non-U.S. nations (Nos. 25 to 34)
Job profile: Become a program manager
An IT internship can be your strong first step toward a rewarding professional careerContact UsPrivacy PolicyAbout Us© Copyright 2020 Noel Roberto Vallejo Media Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Login Username
Password
Lost your password?Reset Password Username or E-mail:
Log in