http://certek.com/about-certek/legal-notices/privacy-policy/
(877) 723-7835
sales@certek.com
Sales
Support
Privacy Policy
For general legal notices and disclaimers, see our “Legal Notices“.
CerTek Software Designs, Inc., is committed to protecting your privacy and we recognize your need for reasonable control of personally identifiable information that you provide us (that is, your name and other information that may be associated with it). We use the information we collect on our site to better understand your needs and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We will not sell, trade, or rent any personally identifiable information to others.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
When using our web site, sensitive information such as credit card numbers and personalized pricing, is never sent “in the clear” over the Internet. Any time that we ask for a credit card number or other sensitive information, we ensure that the information is sent to our server in a secure, encrypted format, making it extremely difficult to read even if it is wrongly intercepted.
We use state-of-the-art industry-standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. The secure servers are based on 128-bit encryption, the highest level of security in commercial use.
If your browser does not support SSL encryption, or if you’d just prefer not to enter your credit card information online, you can call us and give us the information over the phone or by fax.
About
We offer a feature-rich Point-of-Sale application that runs successfully in all kinds of stores from Apparel to Zoos, and much more. Since Artisan fits well with so many industries, it is very likely that we will work well with yours. Call us to learn more about how Artisan can work for your specific requirements.
– Contact Sales
– Contact Support
– Call (877) 723-7835
Quick Links
– Integrated Payment Processing
– Support Plans & Policies
– Enter Our Store
– Knowledge Base
Social Media
Facebook
Follow
Twitter
Follow
Youtube
Follow
Newsletter & Updates
* indicates required
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Latest Tweets
Tweets by @CerTekSoftware