http://chamberofcommerce-ontheweb.com/legal/privacy-statement
sitemap
Loading Quotes...
"It's All About Community"
Home
The Chamber
History Of The Chamber
Public Service
Extreme Freebies
Make a Member Report
Leadership
The Company
Advisory Council
Contact Us
Membership Information
Membership Value
Frequently Asked Questions
Member Directory
Member Services
Membership Signup
News Center
Humanitarian
Business News
Press Room
Privacy Statement
Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™
ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com
The Chamber has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site: ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com.
IP Address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. We also track IP addresses for purposes of enrollment and/or subscription.
Information Collection
Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™ is the sole owner of the information collected by ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com.
The Chamber collects information from our users at several different points on our web site, i.e. for membership registration, paid subscription publications and products or services.
Information Sharing
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
We will never sell or give away your personal information to third parties for purposes of building contact lists, or anything of that nature, without your permission. The Chamber stands firmly against any transfer of personal information for reasons of building the contact lists of third parties.
Business Transition Exception
In the event Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™ goes through a business transition, such as a merger, or being acquired by another company, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.
“Cookies”
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as their name and email address), unique identifiers (such as Member IDs) and financial information (such as their account or credit card numbers). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as Member IDs) are collected for use as account numbers in our record system.
The ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com web site WILL NOT work correctly without both cookies and javascript enabled by the user. This is especially true for javascript and our contact forms.
Children
ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com has any information from or about anyone under 13, please contact us at the address listed below.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such web sites.
The Chamber is not responsible for any content on any linked sites or for any goods or services available from them.
The Chamber works hard to ensure that the information contained on our web pages is accurate, relevant and of the high quality that our visitors have come to expect.
We are aware of software that exists which will create external links from our content to what they consider to be related material, which other companies have paid to have shown. We are not responsible for the quality of this software or the nature of the material that it links to.
We emphasize that we are strictly against this form of unmoderated and unregulated link advertising and strictly prohibit its use within our site content. Outside advertising on The Chamber web site is billed at the rate of $1000 per day.
We will pursue any infringement of this notice to the maximum extent of the law.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We may collect visitor’s contact information (such as their email address). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email using the link below.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
You can send email using the link below.
Changes to this Policy
ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Governing law
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Texas law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in the following location: Tarrant County, Texas. Any costs and fees other than attorney fees associated with the mediation will be shared equally by each of us.
If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following location: Tarrant County, Texas, under the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be entered in any court with jurisdiction to do so.
ChamberofCommerce-ontheWeb.com is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Texas. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you may contact:
jl scott, ph.d., Director
Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™
Keller, Texas  USA
214-432-0840
Office Hours: Mon-Fri, 9AM-5PM CST (ONLY)
Click to Email
Online Business News
Overlooked Marketing Powerhouse
The wider marketing world sometimes overlooks email newsletters. Viewed as too old-school compared to other digital tools, newsletters are great for engaging customers.
Aligning them with other components of a marketing campaign takes planning, but the newsletter's effectiveness is hard to beat.
Full Story
Car Insurance Covers More
“People don’t realize all of the benefits that are built into their policy,” says Robert Passmore, assistant vice president of the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, an industry trade group. But if you read your policy closely, he says, you might be surprised at what’s covered.
Full Story
Ads Annoy, Bog Down Websites
When you visit a website, you often find yourself waiting and waiting for advertisements to load. Video starts playing automatically, and animated ads jump in front of what you were there to see. The seconds tick by.
Full Story
Supporting   eCommerce
Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™ is not a tax exempt organization, therefore, owes no allegiance to any government lobbyists - nor do we contribute money to political parties.
Our only allegiance is to those politicians who fully support legislation that enhances online business as well as worldwide cooperation.
The Chamber will never fail to actively encourage members to lobby, from the grass roots level - on relevant legislation in all member countries – to advance and protect the pursuit of online business.
Public Service
Online Report Information
Links to necessary contact information for anyone who uses the World Wide Web and wishes to file a report regarding unethical online behavior - as well as links to find important information.
Contacts
Extreme Freebies
These are some of the tools used by Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™ Members. They are listed here as a service to the online community.
Everything is FREE!
Freebies
Humanitarian
Be the Change
Save a Life
A child dies every 10 seconds from diseases that are preventable with proper hygiene.
2.6 billion people lack access to fundamental sanitation services.
8.1 million children die before their fifth birthday.
Chamber of Commerce – on the Web™ both supports & encourages members & visitors to:
BE the CHANGE!
Value
|  FAQ
|  Member Directory
|  Signup
|  Advisory Council
|  Member Reports
Company
|  History of the Chamber
|  Business News
|  Public Service
|  Humanitarian
Home
|  Privacy
|  Terms of Service
|  Press Room
|  Contact Us
Copyright © 1999-2020  Chamber of Commerce - on the Web™  All Rights Reserved Worldwide
Send a message
*Name:
*Email:
*Message:
Send
Cancel