https://channelvision.com/company/privacy-policy/
Customer Login
Contact Us
Ask A Question
Become a Certified Dealer
Track Your Order
Free System Design Service
Menu
Home
Products
New Products
Elite Series Product Line
Surveillance Systems
Structured Wiring
Home Intercom Systems
IR Repeater Systems
Audio Video Distribution
Wallplates, Connectors And Tools
Partner Certified Products
How To Buy
Find an Installer
Find a
Distributor
Find an On-line Dealer
Dealer Programs
Builder Advantage
Request Catalog
Request a Quote
Support
Product Support
Instruction Manuals
Specification Sheets
Technical Bulletins
Wiring Diagrams
Firmware & Software
Calculators
IR Codes
Free System Design
System Design Request
System Designs
Product Demos
Knowledge Base
Smartphone App
Security DDNS
Application Guide
Training
Request Training
Recorded Webinars
How To Videos
Upcoming Webinars
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Product Warranty
Privacy Policy
Technology Partners
Employment
Terms and Conditions
News
News & Press Releases
Blog
Tradeshows & Expos
Your Account
Your Profile
Your Product List
Your Shopping Cart
Track Your Order
Become a Dealer
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home » Company » Privacy Policy
Channel Vision Technology has a firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.channelvision.com:
Information We Gather
Links to Other Sites
E-Mail Newsletter Services
Your Security
Changes to Privacy Policy
Information We Gather
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information.
Back to Top
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Channel Vision Technology. Please be aware that we, Channel Vision Technology, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Back to Top
Email Newsletter Services
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. If your email address information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update or delete it by following the directions as stated in the email newsletter.
Back to Top
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us via any method listed on our contact page.
Back to Top
Changes in this Privacy
Statement If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Back to Top
DealerMy Dealer Account
Become a Dealer
Dealer Programs
Request Catalog
SupportKnowledge Base
System Design Request
Instruction Manuals
Specification Sheets
Application Guide
NewsNews & Press Releases
Tradeshows
Blog
Technical Bulletins
Join Our Mailing List! Receive updates on new technology, upcoming free webinars and exclusive promotions from Channel Vision Technology.
Email Marketing You Can Trust
Live Support
Copyright © 2018 Channel Vision Technology. All Rights Reserved.