https://cherrysystems.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Cherry Systems Solutions, Inc. Privacy/Non-Disclosure Agreement
This agreement is between the person, business or organization who has need of Data Recovery, hereafter referred to as “Client”and Cherry Systems Solutions, Inc. d/b/a Cherry Systems, hereafter referred to as “CSS”. The Parties hereby agree to the following terms as they relate to the disclosure of information considered proprietary and confidential by CSS or the CLIENT, except contact information to partners or subcontractors.
CSS is in a business arrangement related to the recovery of data for the CLIENT. CSS will receive storage media from CLIENT to (a) prepare and submit a quotation for the CLIENT concerning the cost of recovering the data on behalf of the CLIENT, (b) perform the various tasks, techniques and procedures to recover the data and (c) duplicate by the transfer of the recovered data to a new media that is returned to the CLIENT. The CLIENT shall submit said failed media to CSS for the sole purpose of having data recovered from the submitted media.
Non-Disclosure of Information.  The parties acknowledge that each party may, in the course of providing services under this Agreement, be exposed to or acquire communication or data that is confidential, privileged communication not intended to be disclosed to third parties, except to CSS approved partners or subcontractors with an existing NDA.  At no time from the date of this agreement shall CSS directly or indirectly disclose, sell or give any information it receives from the CLIENT to any person, firm, or corporation, or use the information for its own benefit, except for the purpose described above, without the express written consent of the CLIENT.
Disclosure of Confidential Information. The parties agree to hold all Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to copy, reproduce, sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of, give or disclose such Confidential Information to third parties other than employees, agents, partners, or subcontractors designated by CSS or CLIENT. The parties agree to advise and require their respective employees, agents, and subcontractors of their obligations to keep such information confidential.
The service, speed and ability of Cherry Systems to recover my lost data was amazing.  You took a horrible situation, where months of work was lost and were able to turn it around and recover it in a fraction of the time it would have taken to recreate.  I have to say that I hope to never need your recovery services again, but there is comfort in knowing that if we do have another hard drive failure, we have you to turn to.Ryanread more
(770) 955-2395
(800) 500-2840
Zero Complaints:
Since Opening
in 1989!
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Cherry Systems © 2020
Website by NicheLabs.com
Privacy Policy
Site Map