http://cinoptics.com/terms-of-use/
Company
Capabilities
History
Projects
Applications
Medical
Defence & Security
Aviation
Industry
Products
Cinoptics
Cybermind
OEM Products
Trackers and Datagloves
Technology
Electronics
Microdisplays
Optics
Support
Brochures
Repository
Search
Contact
News
Terms of Use
In these Terms of Use is intended to Cinoptics/Cinoptics Defence, Cinoptics Defence is registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 14629263.
Content
The information provided on this website by Cinoptics is compiled with care, but the correctness and completeness can not be guaranteed. Cinoptics provides only information on this website about products offered by Cinoptics. By using the website you agree with these Terms of Use.
No liability
Cinoptics can not guarantee that the website functions without error or interruption. To the extent permitted by law Cinoptics excludes all liability for any direct and/or indirect, punitive or consequential damages including lost profits, resulting from access to and use of this website. This includes, but is not limited to, defects, viruses, or other malfunctions caused to any equipment and other software in connection with access to or use of this website, the informationprovided on orvia this website, abuse of this website or loss of data.
Links on this website may lead to services or websites not maintained by Cinoptics. Cinoptics can not vouch for the content and operation thereof, nor the quality of any products and/or services offered one these websites. Any liability with respect to websites that are not maintained by Cinoptics is rejected.
The exclusion of liability is also made for the benefit of directors and employees of Cinoptics.
Intellectual property  rights
The information displayed on this website, including texts, photographs, illustrations, graphic material, (trade) names, logo’s, trademarks and servicemarks, are owned by or licensed by Cinoptics, and are protected by copyright, trademark and/or any other intellectual proporty rights.  The aforementioned rights are in no way transferable to (legal) persons who acces this website.
The contents of this website may only be used for non-commercial personal use. The user of the site is not permitted to reproduce, transfer, modify, disseminate or make the content of the site available against payment to third parties without the express written permission of Cinoptics.
Personal data
If you provide us with personal information when you visit this website, such as your name and email address, our privacy statement applies. We encourage you to read this privacy statement before providing us with this information properly.
Contact
If you have a question or complaint about this website, please contact us via the contact form.
Applicable law
This website and these Terms of Use are governed by Dutch law. All disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms of Use shall be submitted to the competent court in the Netherlands.
Changes
We reserve the right, without prior notice at any time to apply changes and corrections to this website and/or these Terms of Use.