https://circlo.io/privacy/
Who we areOur website address is: https://circlo.ioCirclo is owned and operated by Kooc Media Ltd.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Data Protection Rights (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Blockonomi aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Niche Site Project relied on your consent to process your personal information.Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Circlo Kooc Media Ltd. International House, 61 Mosley Street, Manchester, M2 3HZ UK hello@kooc.co.uk
Search for:
Facebook
Twitter Latest
Printful Review: Print on Demand Dropshipping & Fulfillment for eCommerce November 13, 2020
Printify Review: Print on Demand Service to Sell Your Designs Online November 13, 2020
Debutify Review: The Ultimate Free Shopify Theme for Your Store November 12, 2020
Top 20 WooCommerce Plugins: Improve Your Site & Increase Sales October 23, 2020As Seen InWelcome to CircloCirclo is your source for website building, online business and eCommerce information.Our goal is to guide you through this area of commerce and help you improve your business and sell more products.
Submit Type above and press Enter to search. Press Esc to cancel.