https://clevelandconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
0
Product was successfully added to your cart.
Press enter to begin your search
No menu assigned!
Privacy Policy:
Cleveland Consulting, Inc. ("Cleveland Consulting")
operates ClevelandConsulting.com and may operate other websites. It
is Cleveland Consulting's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Cleveland Consulting collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Cleveland Consulting's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Cleveland Consulting's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Cleveland Consulting may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Cleveland Consulting also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on ClevelandConsulting.com
blogs/sites. Cleveland Consulting only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Cleveland Consulting's websites choose to interact
with Cleveland Consulting in ways that require Cleveland Consulting to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Cleveland Consulting gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at ClevelandConsulting.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Cleveland Consulting are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Cleveland Consulting collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Cleveland Consulting. Cleveland Consulting does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Cleveland Consulting may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Cleveland Consulting may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Cleveland Consulting does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Cleveland Consulting discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Cleveland Consulting's behalf or to provide services available
at Cleveland Consulting's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Cleveland Consulting's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Cleveland Consulting will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Cleveland Consulting discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Cleveland Consulting believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Cleveland Consulting, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Cleveland Consulting website and have supplied your email address, Cleveland Consulting
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Cleveland Consulting and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Cleveland Consulting takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Cleveland Consulting uses cookies to
help Cleveland Consulting identify and track visitors, their usage of Cleveland Consulting
website, and their website access preferences. Cleveland Consulting visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Cleveland Consulting's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Cleveland Consulting's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Cleveland Consulting, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Cleveland Consulting goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Cleveland Consulting may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Cleveland Consulting and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Cleveland Consulting may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Cleveland Consulting's sole
discretion. Cleveland Consulting encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a ClevelandConsulting.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
© 2020 Cleveland Consulting, Inc.. All Rights Reserved.
Terms | Privacy
About Us
FileMaker
Upgrading
Migration
Integration
Database Development
Web Publishing
Mobile
Products
ccBegin
ccPivot
ccTimer
ccNonProfit
Blog
Consulting
FileMaker Mentoring
Contracted CIO
Shop
Merch
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
(614) 252-2284
About Us
FileMaker
Upgrading
Migration
Integration
Database Development
Web Publishing
Mobile
Products
ccBegin
ccPivot
ccTimer
ccNonProfit
Blog
Consulting
FileMaker Mentoring
Contracted CIO
Shop
Merch
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
(614) 252-2284
All rights reserved Cleveland Consulting.
Call Now Button