https://clickfire.com/privacy/
Jump To:
Disclaimer
Copyright
We can be reached via e-mail at https://clickfire.com/about/#contact or emory [at] clickfire[dot]com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our site, newsletter, blog and news.
The information we collect is used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site. We reserve the right to use the information to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or clicking on the “unsubscribe” link found in all emails.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with regard to their requests.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
http://www.cj.com
http://www.linkshare.com
http://www.google.com
Other Types of Information Collected
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (Internet protocol) address, your ISP (Internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on clickfire.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing Georgia Web Hosting ads to someone in Georgia, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
Google Dart
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Clickfire.com visitors can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, visiting us at https://clickfire.com/about/#contact.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to a description of information that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, visiting us at https://clickfire.com/about/#contact.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at https://ftc.gov/.
Copyright
All content on the Clickfire website and e-mailings is protected under international copyright law. No portion may be copied, modified, or distributed without specific permission from the copyright owner. All trademarks appearing on clickfire.com are trademarks of their respective owners.
For more information, contact Clickfire.
Disclaimer
All content on the Clickfire.com website is provided “as is” and  without warranty of any kind. The owners do not warrant, guarantee or make any representations regarding the use or results of use of the content in terms of reliability, accuracy or fitness for purpose. The user assumes the entire risk of direct or indirect, consequential or inconsequential results from the correct or incorrect usage of said content, even if Clickfire has been informed of the possibilities of such damage. Neither the owners nor editors assume any responsibility. The opinions of individual writers as expressed on posts, videos, comments or any other media are not necessarily the views of Clickfire, the owners or editors.
Back to About Clickfire
TweetSharePinShare
Discussion
Alena Mage:
Memes and Their Role in Developing a Marketing Culture
Steve:
12 Hot Chrome Extensions To Speed Up Your SEO Process (and one that everybody needs)
Justin:
PayPal Virtual Agent Fail
Laughable
301 Redirect
Latest
From Compass To GPS: How Keyword Research Maps Your Marketing Campaign
Want to Become a Successful Blogger? Just Niche Down
How To Be More Daring Online: The Vanilla Way
4 Hilarious Social Media Marketing Lessons from ClickHole
How to Make the Switch from Employee to Entrepreneur
About Clickfire
Clickfire is a social media blog and resource for the digitally outspoken and all who love blogging and social media. More...
What Others Say
It's time to put something new here. What do you say about Clickfire? Do you like the new focus on social media? Has it helped you? Hurt you? You may see your comment here if you tell us...
Partners
SiteAbout Contact Privacy Sitemap FeaturesWrite for Us Digitally Outspoken Get
Clickfire