https://clock-desktop.com/privacy.shtml
Clock Categories
Animals
Animated
Artistic
Christmas
Holidays
Lovely
Nature
Sci Fi
Space
Zodiac
Top Clocks
Sweet Love Clock
Emerald Clock
Dragon Clock
..................................................
Home | Clock Widgets | Android Clocks | Mac | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
CLOCK-DESKTOP PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last modified: April 21, 2018
Collection and Use of your Personal Information
Any personal information that you provide to our web site shall stay absolutely safe, private, and secure. We do not resell personal information to outside sources.
We may use your information to inform you about products or services offered by us and our partners.
When placing an order, our e-commerce provider will handle your personal information and keep it absolutely safe, private and secure. In fact, even we cannot access your credit card information.
Security of your Personal Information
We have taken the appropriate steps and followed industry standards to secure any personal data stored by our systems.
Bundled Software
Free Clocks may come with bundled software from reliable respected companies. You can always uninstall this third party software easily after the installation. For details please read the disclosure text in the beginning of the installation of each free screensaver. Bundling with other software lets us to keep the majority of our screensavers free of charge. But at this moment there should be no bundles anymore.
Cookies
We may use cookies to store information about your visits to improve the use of our websites.
In addition, during the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on visit to this sites and/or other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page!
We do not use cookies to store personal information such as your name and do not retrieve any information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
IP Addresses
We may also collect your IP address for safety and security purposes. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. But we do not analyze them and at this moment have disabled even google analytics to not collect any personal info.
Log Files
Other non-personal information collected in the form of logs - files that record website activity, including how many hits a particular web page is getting. This entries enable us to assess overall site activity, track interest in advertised sales, track interest in purchase behavior, and troubleshoot technical concerns.
Through the use of log files, we may also collect certain demographic information such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
Credit Card Transactions
We do not store any credit card information (name on credit card, credit card number and expiry date) for any purchase made on our site.
External Links
Our site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We encourage our users to read third party sites' privacy policies before submitting personal information.
Contact Information
We welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you have questions about this Statement or believe that we have not adhered to it, please please e-mail us using our contact webpage.
By using this site, you signify your assent to the CLOCK-DESKTOP Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of this site will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Free Screensavers | 3D Screensavers | Wallpapers/Clipart | Clock for your web site | Links
2006-2020 © clock-desktop.com