https://cmstat.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPrivacy StatementThis statement discloses the information practices for the CMstat.Com Web site, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared. By visiting www.CMstat.com, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Statement, as modified from time to time by us.What kinds of Information we collect and how we use it:Registration and Interactive Forms – A user may wish to register on our site to request an on-line product demonstration, access download material or receive product release announcements. Users may also use a form to submit feedback to our site, or use a form to contact us. We request information about the individual and their business, including the company name, address, and phone number. All such contacts and registrations are voluntary on the part of the user; therefore the user has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.Fulfilling your transaction request – If you request something from CMstat.Com, such as a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share relevant information with others such as shipping carriers, product orientation providers, merchant bankers, postal or government authorities (for example, custom authorities) involved in the fulfillment. In connection with a transaction, we may also contact you as a part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market purposes.SecurityTPT Technologies, Inc. takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users’ information both online and off-line.Log FilesWe use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement on our Web site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. These log files contain statistical data used to analyze traffic patterns, specifically the user’s IP address, the date and time of the visit, the file requested by the user, the size of the file requested by the user, the status of the request (e.g., whether the request was successfully served by our Web server software), and the referring URL which generated the request. This log data is not tied in with any personally identifiable information and is used in aggregate form only. We will not share demographic information, aggregated or otherwise, with anyone.Links and Business RelationshipsThis Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that TPT Technologies, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by TPT Technologies, Inc.International PoliciesTPT Technologies, Inc. abides by the principles of the safe harbor privacy framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of data from the European Union. For more information on this framework please refer to the Department of Commerce’s European Union Safe Harbor Web site at: www.export.gov/safeharbor.ChildrenOur site is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information on this site. We ask that parents supervise their children while online.Receive CMsightsRequest a DemoSee how PDMPlus, EPOCH CM and EPOCH DM support industry standards and best practices in Configuration Management and Data ManagementRequest a DemoRecent News CMstat Announces Release of EPOCH CM for Asset Configuration Management A Configuration Management Primer for Logistics Professionals Configuration Management Maturity Models An Example Use of Configuration Management and the EIA-649 Standard
During the COVID-19 Emergency Configuration Management Assessment PLM or PDM or CM ? Configuration Management Audits Part 1 A Configuration Management Guide for A&D Project Managers Digital Twins for As-Maintained Configuration Management Part 1 Ten Configuration Management TruthsCMsights TopicsA&D Aerospace Aerospace & Defense As-Configured Management CDDM CDRL cdrl/sdrl CDRL Software Change Control CM CM Certification CM demo CMII CMPIC CM Plan cm requirements CM rules CM software CM standards CMstat CM Training cm trends Configuration Governance Configuration Items Configuration Management Configuration Management Plan Configuration Management Software Configuration Management Tools contract deliverables management Digital Thread Digital Twins EIA-649 Enterprise CDM Hardware Configuration Management i-Infusion Institute of Configuration Management PDM PDMPlus PDM software PDM system PLM Product Data Governance Product Innovation Platform SDRL supply chain
Copy link
CopyCopied Powered by Social Snap