https://co-opweb.com/sign-up-for-news/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Co-Op Web, Inc. (CWI) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you interact with our website. By accessing http://www.co-opweb.com, you acknowledge and fully understand our company’s Privacy policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
CWI collects certain information from and about its users in a few ways:
Web Server Data
When you visit our website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include: Your Internet protocol address, the kind of browser or computer you use, number of links you click within the site, state or country from which you accessed the site, date and time of your visit, name of your Internet service provider, web page you linked to our site from and pages you viewed on the site.
Use of Cookies
CWI may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience with us. We reserve the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but do not allow other companies to place cookies on our website. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies.
CWI reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. We reserve the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites.
Third Party Use Of Cookies
Currently CWI does NOT employ any methods of advertising on the co-opweb.com website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Visitors to our website may be permitted to register for certain services and weekly emails. We will request some personal information such as your name, address, email, telephone number and other relevant information.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect including:
To fulfill your service requests for services that you purchased.
To protect ourselves from liability or to defend our rights, including investigations of fraud or misconduct as well as to respond to legal process or comply with law, including subpoenas.
The use of third party systems to help manage our database.
By using the website, you consent to this transfer, processing, storage and access of your personal information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from our organization will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender.
WITHDRAW OR CHANGE YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
If after you opt-in or after having not initially taken an opportunity to opt-out, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by unsubscribing by clicking the link at the bottom of every email you receive. You may change or remove your contact information with us at any time.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We use reasonable procedures to protect the information that we collect from you. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or the security during transmission to us of the information you supply over the Internet. You can help by taking steps to protect your personal information when you are on the Internet.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
We do not market to or knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 for marketing purposes. If you are under 13, please do not register or sign up for any information on our websites.
EU – GDPR
If you are outside the European Union and opt in to receive any information from Company on this Website, we will automatically enroll you to receive our free email newsletter. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to EMAIL ADDRESS and we will handle your request.
If you are in the European Union and opt in to receive any information from CWI on this Website, we will automatically enroll you to receive our free email newsletter. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send to update your preferences at any time.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Company has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. We encourage you to return and review our policy every so often. We will ensure that we have a date for when we do make these changes.
TRANSLATIONS
You agree and acknowledge that you have reviewed this Privacy Policy in English and this version of this Privacy Policy shall control.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact us by using the various methods listed on our Contact page.