https://codeless.com/candidate-privacy-notice/
Skip to content Candidate Privacy NoticeJanine Wilbrink2020-03-02T15:14:01+00:00Your privacy is important to usCandidate Privacy NoticeCodeless Technology B.V. understands that your privacy is important to you. We are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal data. This Candidate Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes how we handle and protect your personal data in connection with our recruiting processes and programmes.This Notice only applies to the personal data of job applicants, potential candidates for employment, and our optional recruiting programmes and events.As used in this Notice, “personal data” or “personal information” (used interchangeably) means information that either alone, or when combined with other data, identifies job applicants and potential candidates for employment, internship, volunteering, or direct contingent working with us, submitted as part of an application to work with us, collected as part of our recruiting efforts, and/or otherwise received by us for purposes of direct employment or working relationship with us (such as receiving from professional recruiting or staffing firms).We, Codeless Technology B.V. will process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Notice, unless such processing conflicts with the requirements of applicable law, in which case applicable law will leading.By submitting your personal data to us, you acknowledge that:You have reviewed this Notice and agree to our use of your personal data in accordance with this Notice;You are not required to provide any requested information to us, however failing to provide specific information may result in you not being able to apply or continue your candidacy with us;This Notice does not form part of any contract of employment offered to candidates hired by Codeless Technology B.V.We may amend this policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website https://codeless.com.1. Personal information we collectWe, Codeless Technology B.V. collect personal data – your name, email address, phone number, address details, and curriculum vitae (CV). Date of birth will only be collected if this is included in the candidate’s CVs, directly from you when you apply for a role with us via our websites https://codeless.com and https://careers.codeless.com or a posted vacancy on third party website, for example Indeed or Glassdoor. We may collect personal information about you submitted to us by others, such as if you use a recruiting service or a social media platform and publicize your personal data in a manner to invite our using it to contact you for potential application for employment with us (public profile information from LinkedIn).  Additional information beneficial for the hiring procedure, for example information from interviews, reference checks, and indications about terms of employment.We collect data when our Corporate Recruiter actively reaches out to candidates. We will always ask for permission to keep your data.All of the information you provide during the process will be used for progressing of your application.We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. We and/or our data processors will hold the information you provide securely.2. Use of your personal informationWe collect and use your personal data for legitimate human resources and business management reasons, including:Identifying and evaluating candidates for potential employment, as well as for future roles that may become available;Recordkeeping in relation to recruiting and hiring;Conducting criminal history checks (certificate of conduct) as permitted by applicable law.We may also analyze your personal data or aggregated, pseudonymized, and/or de-identified data to improve our recruitment and hiring process and enhance our ability to attract candidates.3. How we disclose your personal informationYour personal data will be available only by the responsible recruiters and hiring managers of the position that you have applied for. We also use third-party service providers who may help us process your personal information, such as application providers for recruiting software systems, applicant tracking systems, and information technology communication systems (such as email platform providers and online video interviewing service providers). We maintain processes designed to ensure that any processing of personal data by third-party service providers is consistent with this Privacy Notice, and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of your personal data is appropriately protected.We may be required to disclose certain personal information to other third parties: (i) as required by law; or (ii) to protect our legal rights to the extent authorized or permitted by law.4. Data retentionPersonal data and information will only be retained if the candidate has given permission. Permission can be given via an opt-in when applying for a vacancy, or when consent is given via mail. The personal data you provided shall be processes for the purposes of the current recruitment procedure and will be deleted after 1 year starting from the date when you have given consent to store your data.If you accept an offer of employment by us, the personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your personnel records and will be retained in accordance with legal requirements.You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email to hr@codeless.com.5. SecurityWe use technical, organizational and physical measures designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality, security and availability of personal data. Only authorized personnel of Codeless Technology B.V. provided access to personal data, the employees are required to treat this information as confidential.If you apply via our online application system, your personal information will be collected and processed by the respective platform. We are responsible only for applications submitted via https://codeless.com and https://careers.codeless.com.6. Your RightsYou have the right to request access to the personal data that we have collected about you for the purposes of reviewing, requesting amendments, or requesting deletion of the data. You may have the right to request a copy of the personal data we have collected about you.If you have any questions or comments about our processing of your personal information, please email us at hr@codeless.com.7. CookiesWe make use cookies on our websites https://codeless.com and https://careers.codeless.com for recruitment reporting purposes. The information gathered for reporting is anonymized.8. Links to other websitesThis privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.9. Changes to this privacy noticeWe keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last edited on 26 November 2019.
Deze website maakt gebruik van cookies Codeless.com gebruikt cookies om u de best mogelijke gebruikerservaring op deze website te bieden. Door op "Accepteren" te klikken gaat u akkoord met deze cookies.
WijzigACCEPTEREN Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy overzichtCodeless.com gebruikt cookies om uw website ervaring te verbeteren. Van deze cookies worden de cookies die als noodzakelijk zijn gecategoriseerd in uw browser opgeslagen, omdat deze essentieel zijn voor de werking van de basisfuncties van de website. Wij gebruiken ook cookies van derden die ons helpen om te begrijpen hoe u deze website gebruikt. Een uitgebreide beschrijving van de cookies vindt u in ons privacy beleid. U heeft de mogelijkheid om u af te melden voor niet-noodzakelijke cookies, maar dit kan effect hebben op uw website ervaring.
Noodzakelijk
Altijd ingeschakeldNoodzakelijke cookies zijn essentieel voor het goed functioneren van de website. Deze categorie bevat enkel de cookies die basisfuncties en beveiligingsfuncties van de website garanderen. Deze cookies slaan geen persoonlijke informatie op.
Niet-noodzakelijke
Niet-noodzakelijkeCookies waarmee Codeless.com het algemene gebruik en de prestaties van de website kan meten. Deze cookies maken het mogelijk om advertenties weer te geven op basis van de pagina's die op deze website worden bezocht. Deze cookies helpen Codeless.com om uw gebruik van de website te analyseren, content te personaliseren en om ons te helpen de website te verbeteren voor de best mogelijke gebruikerservaring.