https://cognitronics.co.uk/contact/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Contact/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyCognitronics Ltd2018-05-30T14:35:18+01:00
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Cognitronics Limited uses and protects any information and data. Cognitronics Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
At Cognitronics we take the matter of visitor privacy very seriously. We see the effects of spam email every day in our inboxes and certainly don’t wish any of our visitors. This is why any information we collect from you, either in the form of email sent to us or via our contacts page will be protected. We will always ask your permission to retain your information for a period of time and give you a clear option to opt out. We do not sell data.
For the purposes of this policy data protection law means: (i) until 25 May 2018 the Data Protection Act 1998 and then (ii) from 25 May 2018 and unless and until it is no longer directly applicable in the UK, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (GDPR) and any national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation, as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK and then (iii) any successor legislation to the GDPR or the Data Protection Act 1998.
We will comply with data protection law. Personal information we hold about you will be:
Used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way.
Collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes.
Relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes.
Accurate and kept up to date.
Kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about.
Kept securely.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Information you give us. You may give us information when you contact us, which will be used to reply to your immediate reason for contacting Cognitronics, this information may be used for future related topics of interest. This may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number and marketing preferences.
Information we collect about you. When you visit our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and browser information;
information about your visit to the site including traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data.
HOW WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may use your information:
to communicate with you about our products
to monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our site design and products
to verify your identity
to prevent and detect fraud or abuses of our site
where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute)
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
Right of access – You have the right to obtain confirmation that your data is being processed and access to your personal data. You can make a request by email to enquiries@cognitronics.co.uk, or in writing to Director, Cognitronics Ltd, Claylands Avenue, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, S81 7DJ.
In most cases we will provide a copy of the information free of charge. However, we may charge a reasonable administration fee when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or to comply with requests for further copies of the same information although this does not mean that we will charge for all subsequent access requests.
We must without delay and in any event within 1 month of your request (subject to extensions in some cases):
confirm what personal data we hold about you;
provide a copy of the data in commonly used electronic form; and
provide any supporting explanatory materials.
We can extend the time to respond by a further two months where requests are complex or numerous. If this is the case, we will inform you of this within one month of the receipt of the request and explain why the extension is necessary.
Where requests are obviously unfounded or excessive we can refuse to respond. In such cases, we will, within one month, explain why and will inform you of your right to complain to our Supervisory Authority and to pursue a legal remedy.
Data portability – In addition to your access right you can require us to provide a copy of your information that we hold in a commonly used machine-readable format.
Rights of Correction and Erasure (“right to be forgotten”) – You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Processing for marketing purposes – You may object, at any time, to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Every time we get in touch with you, we will offer you the opportunity to opt-out. Any e-mail we send you will contain an easy automated opt-out.
Processing for our legitimate interest – You can object to any processing which is for our legitimate interests, the processing must stop, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your rights, or where the processing is necessary in relation to legal action.
You can raise an objection, withdraw consent or restrict processing by email to enquiries@cognitronics.co.uk, or in writing to Director, Cognitronics Ltd, Claylands Avenue, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, S81 7DJ.
Right to Complain – If you have any concerns with how we keep and use your information please contact our Director by email at enquiries@cognitronics.co.uk, or in writing to Director, Cognitronics Ltd, Claylands Avenue, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, S81 7DJ. You may also complain to our Supervisory Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office by using their livechat service via their website at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/live-chat or by phone on 0303 123 1113 or, where different, the Supervisory Authority where your data has been processed. We will advise you of this where appropriate.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
LIST OF COOKIES WE COLLECT
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
PHPSESSID
Used by the website applications to maintain user session variables.
cookie_notice_accepted
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
_ga
Google Analytics – used to distinguish unique user’s visits, session and campaign data for analytics reports.
_gid
Google Analytics – used to distinguish unique user’s visits, session and campaign data for analytics reports.
_gat
Google Analytics – temporary cookie to limit the amount of data being requested.
The websites Cognitronics.co.uk and Cogniscan.co.uk are owned and operated by Cognitronics Limited.
Registered office: Claylands Avenue, Worksop, Nottinghamshire, England S81 7DJ.
Registered Number: 1296618 VAT Number: 174 1764 54
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok