http://company.uninetsolutions.com/privacy.html
Uninetsolutions.com FaithTree.com
Open for Business
Web Site Resources
About Us Site Map
Home: About Us
Our Mission
WELCOME
Welcome to Universal Networks! We are a network sites offering useful services including
free Webmaster tools, web design consulting
and a Christian portal and customizable start page service.
OpenScript Spotlight
GuestCall 2000
Looking for a more powerful solution for your site's guest book? Then choose GuestCall,
a functionally complete, but simple to install open source solution. Learn more about all of
our OpenScript™ solutions by clicking here.
Survey
Would you consider taking two minutes to help us better tailor
our services around your needs?
Please click here
to take our quick, easy, and anonymous survey.
advertisement
About your Privacy at Universal Networks
User Information
Universal Networks ("Uninet") collects user information, on a solely optional basis as part of the download process. This information is purely for internal information, and will not be sold or leased. Furthermore, we will not contact you, unless
you fill in the information to join our newsletter.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Mass Mailings
Universal Networks is an avid opponent of unsolicited ("spam") mail, and will not send any information to any user that hasn't
opted-in to our mailing list. If you receive mail that appears to be from us, but you have not requested it, most likely
someone else has subscribed for you, or the orgin of the message should be questioned.
Home: About Us
Our Mission
Uninetsolutions.com FaithTree.com
Open for Business
Web Site Resources
About Us Site Map
Privacy Statement
© 1996-2001 Universal Networks, All Rights Reserved. Uninet, Universal Networks, the Dynamic Swoosh logo, and Web Site
Solutions are trademarks of Universal Networks. Links to other sites do not necessarily represent the opinions of
Universal Networks or it's affilates.
[an error occurred while processing this directive] TRB