http://computhink.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyCompany and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Online Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online.  Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Company and its subsidiaries, and not to web sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Company at the email address or postal address specified on Website.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEOur primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through our web site, including, but not limited, our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.Information Collected Upon Registration: If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of our web site, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to Company. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally, identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your IP address, full user name, Company Name, password, email address, city, time zone, telephone number, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile.Use of Contact Information: In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to our services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications and/or our website.Log Data: When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Site and of our Service, and for the Site’s technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of ServiceChildren Under Thirteen: Computhink Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use our website(s). COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIESCookies: We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website usage. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads may contain cookies. Our ad companies collect cookies received with banner ads, and Company does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Other Technologies: Other technologies used include clear GIFs and IP address logging. Clear GIFs also known as web bugs, beacons or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages.THIRD PARTIESThird Party Services: Users may register for other services from our website. Certain products and/or services available on our site are provided to you in partnership with third party(s) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third party(s) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(s). We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services.Service Providers: We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.CV MOBILE Without limiting the generality of this Privacy Statement, in addition to information gathered through its Web sites or submitted to its Services, Computhink Inc. may obtain information through Contentverse Mobile Application (CV Mobile) that Customers or their authorized individuals (“Users”) download to, and run on, their mobile devices (“Devices”). CV Mobile, provided by Computhink Inc.  may obtain information from, or access data stored on, Users’ Devices to provide services related to the CV Mobile Application.For example, CV Mobile Application may: access a camera on a User’s Device to enable the User to capture and upload photographs to the Services; access the call history on a User’s Device to enable the User to upload that information to the Services; access calendar information on a User’s Device to enable the User to match meeting attendees with contacts submitted by the User to the Services; access the geographic location of a User’s Device to enable the User to identify contacts submitted by the User to the Services which are nearby; or access contact information on a User’s Device to enable the User to sync contact information between the information that is stored on the User’s Device and the information that is submitted to the Services.Information obtained to provide Mobile Application services may include information obtained in preparation for anticipated updates to those services. Mobile Applications may transmit information to and from Devices to provide the Mobile Application services.CV Mobile Applications may provide Computhink Inc. with information related to Users’ use of the Mobile Application services, information regarding Users’ computer systems, and information regarding Users’ interaction with CV Mobile Applications, which Computhink Inc.  may use to provide and improve the Mobile Application services. For example, all actions taken in CV Mobile will be logged, along with associated information (such as the time of day when each action was taken). Computhink Inc. may also share anonymous data about these actions with third party providers of analytics services, if the customer so directs. In addition, if a User downloads a Computhink Inc.’s CV Mobile Application after clicking on a third-party “Store” , the third-party “Store” may provide Computhink Inc.  with certain information, such as the User’s Device identification information, which Computhink Inc.  may use to track the performance of the respective store.Customers may configure Computhink Inc.  Mobile Application services, and the information accessed or obtained by CV Mobile on a User’s Device may be affected by the Customer’s configuration. In addition, if a Customer purchases more than one Service from Computhink Inc.  and its affiliates, CV Mobile may be designed to interoperate with those Services; for instance, to provide a User with access to information from any or all of those Services or to provide information from a User’s Device to any or all of those Services. Information accessed or obtained by CV Mobile on a User’s Device will be accessible to the Customer and its organization. Computhink Inc.  may provide updated versions of CV Mobile. If your mobile device’s settings permit, those updates can be downloaded and installed on your mobile device. By installing a Computhink Inc.  Mobile Application on your mobile device, you consent to the downloading and updating of that Mobile Application.Notices and contractual terms related to CV Mobile’s use as a software component of Computhink Inc.’s Contentverse product can be found in the End User License Agreement for Contentverse. The Company encourages you to review the End User License Agreement related to CV Mobile’s download, install, use, or otherwise interact with Contentverse to understand the use of Computhink’s CV Mobile software. The Mobile Application’s access to information through a User’s Device does not cause that information to be “Customer Data” under Computhink Inc. ’s agreement with the Customer or under this Privacy Statement, except as follows:To the extent that a “User” uses CV Mobile to submit electronic data and information to a Customer account on our Services pursuant to the Customer’s Contract or Agreement with Computhink Inc.  (or a similar agreement that governs the Customer’s use of Computhink Inc.’s products and/or services), that information constitutes “Customer Data” as defined in such agreement, and the provisions of that agreement with respect to privacy and security of such data will apply.Law Enforcement: We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Company or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.Business Transfers: Computhink Inc. may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.Changes to this Statement: Computhink Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Computhink Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Computhink Inc. is protecting your information. Contact Information: Computhink Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Computhink Inc has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us at INFO@Computhink.com or call 630 705 9050.
Address Computhink, Inc. 151 E. 22nd St., Lombard, IL 60148, USA
Phone Number MAIN: +1 (630) 705-9050 FAX: +1 (630) 705-9065
Email Address sayhello@computhink.com support@computhink.comResourcesSupportMake a PaymentKnowledge Learning CenterIndustriesCareersChannel PartnersTechnology PartnersMarketing Partner LoginMarketing Partner RegistrationRecent Posts
Versatile Document Management Software for Construction and Capital Projects For construction and design firms, document management is the key to a20 November, 2020
Business Technology to Improve Efficiency and Performance There’s nothing quite like a good old-fashioned phone call, is there? Get30 October, 2020
Computhink Chosen Among Most Promising Content Services Platform Solution Providers 2020 Computhink, Inc. has been selected to join some of the best as22 October, 2020Social
Copyright 2020 Computhink, Inc. |
All Rights Reserved
| TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY SolutionsContentverse SolutionsDigital Marketing ServicesVerticalsKnowledge Learning CenterSolutions OverviewBenefits VideoRemote Advantages VideoSavings CalculatorPricingContentverseMarqanaChannel PartnersPartner LoginBecome a PartnerKnowledge Learning CenterPartner RegionsAboutCompanyBlogTestimonialsCase StudiesCONTACTSUPPORTDEMOUnited StatesInternationalGo to Computhink India ×Site LoginAttempting login... Username or E-mail Address:
Password:
Remember Me Lost your password? Login