https://compuwerx.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make concerning the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on our website or within our payments software. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Fax number
Type of business
General/other business information
Types of Payment Services used or desired
Aggregate sales volume information
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order or otherwise provide you a proposal for services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order or service proposal request.
We use return email addresses to answer the emails we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
If you register to make an online payment, we will only use your email for the purposes of sending you an email receipt or otherwise contacting you about your payment.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information submitted on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We are a registered service provider with Visa and Mastercard, and comply with all applicable data security programs.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Merchant Account Service
Applying for a Merchant Account: If you apply for a merchant account from or through us, we may use and disclose the information to evaluate your eligibility for a merchant account, including disclosure to consumer reporting agencies, relevant financial institutions, and other entities involved in providing the merchant account services. We may also use and disclose your information during the course of providing or procuring on your behalf the merchant account services.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting our office. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Lights Off
Close
Admin Login
Blog
Contact Us
FAQ
Features
Footer
Header
index
landing Career Colleges
landing Christian Colleges
landing College & University
landing K-12 schools
Landing Learning Management System
Landing Page Template
landing Paul Mitchell
landing Payanywhere
landing Post Demo
landing Private School & College
Marketing
Online Giving
Online Giving & Payments
Online Payments
Partnership Program
Payment Resources
Payment Solution TY
Privacy Policy
Recruiter
Schools
Security for Online Payment & Donation
Testimonials
Thank You
Thank You for Contacting Us!
Training
Tuition Management Systems for Beauty Schools
Videos
Webinar-download
Webinars