https://comscire.com/privacy/
Privacy.PRIVACY POLICYThis notice describes the ComScire1 Privacy Policy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to disclose to you what information we may collect, how we may collect it, with whom we may share it, and certain other matters related to such information, including the choices you have regarding our collection of information and our use and disclosure to other parties of information we may have collected from you. You are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy by visiting ComScire.com (the Website). Please contact us if you have questions or complaints regarding our policy.Information CollectionPersonally Identifiable Information (“PII”): Your PII is the information that’s required when you create an account on the site, purchase of goods or services through our on-line stores, as well as the information you choose to share. Personal information collected may include your name, home address, phone number, e-mail address; and unique identifiers, such as your user ID or user password. Purchasing goods or services may require providing additional financial information such as a valid credit card number, expiration date, and shipping and billing addresses.Website Usage Information: We may receive and store certain types of Internet usage information whenever you visit the Website. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses ComScire.com for record-keeping purposes. Information may include your IP address, Internet service, web browser, and user ID.When your computer or mobile device contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit this Website or view an HTML e-mail), our web servers automatically collect usage information. Such usage information includes information about how our visitors use and navigate our Website. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Website, and IP addresses (see below for more information on cookies and IP addresses).Browser Cookies: Like many websites, we use or may use browser cookies. Cookies are a website’s way of remembering who you are. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. There are two kinds of cookies: those that are “session” oriented and those that are “persistent”. Session cookies delete from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies retain information for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire.We use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our Website. Also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of the Website. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. You can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule. For example, in the Internet Explorer menu bar, select: “Tools>Internet Options>Browsing History>Delete” to view manual and automatic options. If you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this Website.IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are linked to the Internet. When you request pages from this Website, our servers log your IP address. We may use IP address for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of the Website. We may associate your IP address with the PII you provide. We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.How We Use the Information CollectedThe personal information you provide ComScire will allow us to fulfill your product or service order; contact you relating to your membership status; alert you of new Application or services, features, or enhancements; handle/route your customer service or technical support questions or issues; monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the Website; and/or notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions, or special events and offers.With Whom the Information May Be SharedComScire may need to disclose your personal information to third party vendors to fulfill product orders; to process credit card payments; to provide customer service; to process mailings; and to process, analyze, and/or store data on ComScire’s behalf. They may have access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use or disclose it for other purposes, like sending you marketing offers about their Application.ComScire may also have message boards, forums and/or chat areas, where users can exchange ideas and communicate with one another. When posting to a message board, forum, or chat area, please be aware that the information is being made publicly available on-line and the user does so at his or her own risk. For certain forums, anyone posting or replying to a post may be doing so using their user ID — with the option to also display their full first and last name. If your personal information is posted on one of our community forums, you may contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.In the event that all or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to another party, or another transaction occurs in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred, all personally identifiable information that has been collected and saved may be one of the business assets we transfer. You will be notified of such a transfer in accordance with the “Changes to the Policy” section below.We or others may disclose your personal information to third parties without notice to you in order to comply with applicable law, law enforcement agencies, to protect our or third parties’ rights, or to protect the rights of other users of the Website.Information You Can AccessIf your personally identifiable information changes (such as your email address or zip code), or if you no longer desire to have access to the Website, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove the personal data you have provided to us. You may request that we do so by emailing us at contact@ComScire.com, signing into your online account and making the desired changes, or via postal mail. We will respond to your request within 30 business days.SecurityComScire incorporates reasonable safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information that we may collect, and we have put into place reasonable precautions to protect such information from loss, misuse and alteration. As such, access to all personal information is strictly controlled. We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. When credit card information is transmitted, for example, we use industry standard, SSL encryption.Children’s Privacy StatementThe Website is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years of age.Your Acceptance of the Privacy Policy and Notification of Changes to the Privacy PolicyBy using the Website, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will post a notice on the Website and/or send an email to users who have provided an email address. We will assume that you have given your permission for your information to be used under the terms of the Privacy Policy, as modified, if you do not respond to our email within thirty days or continue to use the Website thirty days after a notice is posted. Please note that you should always update your personal information to provide us with a current email address.California Privacy RightsCalifornia law (California Civil Code Section 1798.83) permits residents of California to request certain details about what personal information a company shares with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. ComScire does not share your information with third parties for the third parties’ own and independent direct marketing purposes unless we receive your permission. Please contact us by email if you have questions about our sharing practices or your rights under California law.Questions About this Privacy Policy and Contact InformationIf you have any questions or wish to file a complaint, please feel free to e-mail us at contact@ComScire.com or send a letter addressed to:The Quantum World Corporation PO Box 51330 Albuquerque, NM 871811 ComScire is a registered trademark of The Quantum World Corporation (QWC), a Colorado corporation. QWC (dba ComScire) is solely responsible for the content of the ComScire website. In this agreement, ComScire means The Quantum World Corporation.Last updated: January 30, 2020