https://controltec.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Version 2.1
(Last revised on February 3, 2020)
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our systems, (“System”) and the services we provide through our Systems (collectively, with the System, the “Service”).
Types of Data We Collect
“Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify or contact you.  We collect information from you as described below.
Types of Users
An agent works at an agency using a Controltec product.
A childcare provider furnishes care to children, the attendance for which is maintained in a Controltec product.
A parent or other authorized adult uses one of our systems or mobile applications to check children in and out of care.
Information You Provide to Us
If you access our systems as an agent (“Agent”) we will collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number and any information you put into the subject section.
If you access our system as a childcare provider (“Provider”) we will collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address and secret questions and answers in the event we need to authenticate you if you access our support system.
If you access our system as a parent or other authorized adult, sometimes called sponsor (“Parent”, “Client”, “Sponsor”) we will collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail address and secret questions and answers in the event we need to authenticate you if you access our support system. If you are a subsidized Client, the agency subsidizing you or your family may require us to collect additional Personal Data, like social security numbers and income information, within the terms and conditions of the state laws and regulations governing their subsidy programs.
If you are a Client or Parent, you may choose to pay for childcare tuition or subsidy family fees through our Services on our Sites. In that event, will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, which may include your name, credit card information, and billing information.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name, user name and/or e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
When you post messages on our support site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users may be able to see it.
Information Collected via Technology
Our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
We also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them).  Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
User Consent
By submitting Personal Data through our Service, you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
A Note to Users Outside of the United States
Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be different than the laws in your country; by submitting Personal Data through our Service, you expressly consent to the foregoing.
Use of Your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data as described below and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
We only use the Personal Data you submit to us to respond to requests that you make, to aid us in serving you better, and in the following ways: (a) to facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; (b) to identify you as a user in our system and remember your preferences and the progress you have made using our system; (c) to improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Service; (d) to send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created, and to help you get started using our Services; (e) to send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories; (f) to respond to your inquiries and requests; (g) to make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of support activity or secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback; and (h) to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Service and for other marketing purposes of Controltec.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Controltec may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Controltec; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Controltec or users of the Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or Terms of Use.
Third Party Websites
When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect information from you.  We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content.  Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Data
(a) Choices. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data.  We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Service.  When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communication, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
(b) Changes to Personal Data. You may change any of your Personal Data in your Account by editing your profile within your Account.  You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  We may retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.
Security of Your Personal Data
Controltec is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data.  We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, modification, use, disclosure, or deletion.  We also require you to enter a password to access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password to unauthorized people or ever share your Account or password with others. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, you acknowledge that while Controltec uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, Controltec cannot guarantee or warrant the security of your Personal Information or that the information on the Service may not be accessed, modified, used, disclosed, or deleted by unauthorized persons.
Data Retention
Data we collect is backed up and retained on backup media, as well as in a distributed offsite cloud storage..
Contact Information
Controltec welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy.  Please do not hesitate to contact us for any questions or clarifications.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision. Continued use of our Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
icon-pagination_left
icon-pagination_right
social_facebook
social_linkedin
social_twitter
benefits
arrow down