https://coreel.com/privacy/
Privacy
Home > Privacy
In general, you can visit CoreEL’s website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you. The policy of CoreEL is to respect the privacy of all web site visitors to the extent permitted by law. This online privacy statement is intended to inform you of the ways in which this web site collects information, the uses to which that information will be put, and the ways in which we will protect any information you choose to provide us.
Personal Information
You may browse our web site without providing personal information to us. However, if you want to receive our online services, or participate in other online activities (e.g., surveys and registration), we may request that you provide us with information about yourself. Providing this information is optional and not a requirement to visit our web site.
Protect Personal Information
We recognize industry standards and employ security safeguards to protect personally identifiable information from unauthorized access and misuse. Furthermore, we take measures to ensure that the information used to process your request is accurate and current.
Information Sharing
CoreEL does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested. For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information, you may sign up for a mailing list, or you may send us your address so we may send you an application or other material. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests.
Unless we have your permission or we are required by law to disclose, we will only share the personal data you provide online with other CoreEL entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above. Such CoreEL entities and/or business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Links to third party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you may leave the CoreEL web site. CoreEL has not reviewed all of these third party web sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. Thus, CoreEL does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party web sites linked to this site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
Changes to this Statement
www.coreel.com will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the privacy statement.
Quick Links
Defence & Aerospace Product Development
Digital Video Solutions
Electronic System Design & Manufacturing
Distribution & Representation
Technical Services
University Solutions
Need more information? Contact
Ph: +91-80-41970400
Fx: +91-80-66885410
Email
sales@coreel.com