http://corporate.dataram.com/privacy-policy
Memory
Company
News & Events
Site Map
Contact Us
Home |
Privacy Policy
DATARAM CORPORATION PRIVACY POLICY
Dataram Corporation has created this privacy policy because we value our customers and recognize their right to keep personal information private. This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Dataram Corporation website, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you.
DATARAM CORPORATION GATHERS THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
IP Address & Web Browser Info
Dataram Corporation's web servers and forms on the web gather your IP address and Web browser type to help diagnose problems with our service, to administer our site, and to gather broad demographic information. Demographic information is gathered in aggregate only and cannot be traced to an individual user.
Cookies
Our website sets cookies to keep track of advertising banner ad hits and other similar information. Dataram Corporation's web servers may also set a session ID cookie that is used to allow our servers to deliver information you request (e.g., search results). Session IDs cannot be traced to an individual person or customer name, and are analyzed only in aggregate. Members who do not want to receive cookies can instruct their web browsers to refuse them; be aware, however, that doing so may prevent certain parts of Dataram Corporation's site from working. Other organizations which place advertising on Dataram Corporation sometimes have the ability to assign a different cookie to you in a process that we do not control. Unless you've saved your customer name, cookies aren't useable for identifying individuals (your computer will be assigned a random number); neither Dataram Corporation nor advertisers will know who you are.
E-News Mailing List
Signing up for our e-mail distribution list is completely optional. Dataram Corporation's signup form requires users to give contact and demographic information (e.g., ZIP code, age). Required fields are marked with an asterisk. We use this information to send customers information about Dataram Corporation (e.g., upcoming events, bulletins and newsletters); customers may opt-out of receiving this information via e-mail. At times, Dataram Corporation may rent names, mailing and email addresses to carefully selected organizations. This information is rented on a single-use-only basis. Aggregate demographic information collected through the registration process may be shared with advertisers and other partners. This aggregate information is not traceable to an individual user.
Order Forms
When purchasing products or services on Dataram Corporation's site, you're asked for credit card, billing and shipping information. This information is used to debit a customer's credit card for a donation of money to Dataram Corporation, or for goods and services purchased, and to ship merchandise. Only billing vendors and Dataram Corporation treasury staff have access to financial information and only for the purpose of billing customers. At times, Dataram Corporation may refer customers to other websites to purchase products. Your activity on those sites is covered by the privacy policies on those sites.
Online Surveys
At times, Dataram Corporation may run online surveys asking for specific contact or demographic information. These surveys are always optional. At times, Dataram Corporation may share both the results of, and individual entries in, surveys with the sponsors of the survey. Results of surveys may be shared with partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Contests
At times, Dataram Corporation may run contests on our site where we ask for contact or demographic information. These contests are always optional. At times, Dataram Corporation may share both the results of, and individual entries in, surveys with the sponsors of the survey. Results of contests may be shared with partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Customer Feedback
Dataram Corporation stores feedback that customers send to us. This feedback is used to administer and refine the Dataram Corporation's site, and, at times, may be shared with Dataram Corporation affiliates either in aggregate form or with specific identifying characteristics (e.g., email address, name) removed.
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has signed up without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files.
OPT-OUT
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and from our partners, affiliates and advertisers at the point where we request information about the visitor.
OFF SITE LINKS
Dataram Corporation provides links to other sites. Dataram Corporation is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these Web sites.
YOUR PRIVATE ONLINE COMMUNICATIONS
Dataram Corporation believes that customer's private communications in email and other methods of communication should remain confidential. Dataram Corporation does not read or disclose private communications unless ordered to do so through a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order, to protect the company's rights and property, or during emergencies when we believe physical safety is at risk. Also, keep in mind that Dataram Corporation is not responsible for what other users may do with private communications you've had with them.
DELETE/DECATIVATE/CHANGE/MODIFY INFORMATION
To have your information changed or removed from our mailing list, you have two options:
1.	Via email: webmaster@dataram.com
2.	You can send mail to the following postal address:
Membership/Mailing List, Dataram Corporation, PO Box 7528, Princeton, NJ 08543
Dataram Corporation is not responsible for removing information from third-party lists or databases.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact us at:
1.	Via email: webmaster@dataram.com
2.	Via web: our Contact Us section
777 Alexander Rd, Suite 100
Princeton, NJ 08540
P: 800.328.2726
Terms of Service|
Privacy Policy|
Contact Webmaster