https://coursewarecompany.com/cookie-policy/
Privacy and Cookie Policy - The Courseware Company
$0.00
0
Lost your password?
Cancel
A password will be e-mailed to you.
Cancel
Home
Products
All titles
Business Skills
Office 2016
Office 2013
Office 2010
Bundles
Contact
About us
Privacy and Cookie Policy
You are here:Home/ Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Courseware Company uses and protects any information that you tsive us when you use this website.
Courseware Company is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Courseware Company may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
contact information including name and email
demographic information such as address, postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
For fulfilling orders for products and services placed through this web site.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Financial and credit card information
To ensure absolute security and privacy for credit/debit card orders, we entrust all transactions to leading third-party credit card payment solutions providers such as PayPal, Inc. The order process is fully automated and all transactions take place between yourself and the payment gateway – at no time are we able to see or retrieve credit/debit card information for any sale made through the store.
For fax, postal and telephone orders where we process credit/debit card transactions manually, we destroy card details once the payment has been successfully processed. No details are subsequently stored or are retrievable for any transaction.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@coursewarecompany.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email sales@coursewarecompany.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
All rights reserved.
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks