http://cqcounter.com/?terms
[GMT +00:00] Friday, 11 December
2020 06:04
Home
Registration
Settings
Faq
Site Info
Whois
Popularity
About
[  Get Your Free Counter Now!  |  NEW! CQ Counter Basic Edition Plus! - $49.95 per year  ]
Terms and Conditions
Disclaimer of warranties
Limitation of Liability
Privacy policy
Links to Other Sites
Security
Ownership
Fees
Subscription
Refund policy
Termination, Cancellation or Suspension
Modification of Terms and Conditions
Your Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
Use of CQ Counter
Disclaimer of warranties
User expressly agrees that use of the service is at subscriber's sole
risk. The information, the materials, the products and the service are
provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Cybernet Quest expressly
disclaims all warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including without
limitation any warranty of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose
or non infringement. Cybernet Quest makes no warranty regarding any goods
or services purchased or obtained through the service or any transactions
entered into through the service. You are solely responsible for maintaining
and backing-up any information regarding your account and statistics data.
You agree that you have made your own determination regarding the usefulness
of the service. The information, software, products, services and other
material included in or available through the CQ Counter may not be complete,
and may include inaccuracies or errors, and may also be modified or deleted
from time to time. We are not liable for damages, direct or consequential,
resulting from your use of service, any failure to provide service, suspension
of service, or termination of service. We do not guarantee the availability
of service. You agree not to hold us responsible for data loss or interruption
of service of any kind. [ Top ]
Limitation of Liability
Neither Cybernet Quest not any of its members, subsidiaries, affiliates,
service providers, licensors, officers, directors or employees shall be
liable for any damages ( indirect, direct, incidental, punitive, special
or consequential ) arising out of or relating to this agreement, resulting
from the use or the inability to use the information, the materials, the
products and the service or for the cost of procurement of substitute goods
and services or resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained
or messages received or transactions entered into through the service or
resulting from unauthorized access to or alteration of subscriber's transmissions
or data, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, use,
data or other intangibles, even if such party has been advised of the possibility
of such damages. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from
and against any and all claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including
but not limited to attorneys fees) arising from your violation of the
agreement or any third-partys rights, including but not limited to infringement
of any copyright, violation of any proprietary right and invasion of any
privacy rights. This obligation shall survive any termination of this agreement.
Our liability will not exceed the purchase price of the services. [ Top ]
Privacy policy
Cybernet Quest will not disclose your personal information to third
parties without your consent. Cybernet Quest may disclose user information
in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information
is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone
who may be causing injury to or interference with Cybernet Quest 's rights
or property, other Cybernet Quest users, or anyone else that could be harmed
by such activities. Cybernet Quest may disclose user information when we
believe in good faith that the law requires it. Cybernet Quest shares aggregate
information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors
and other third parties. This data is used to customize Cybernet Quest
content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our users. There
are cases where Cybernet Quest may ask you for personal information such
as your name and email address. We request personal information when you
register for an account. Cybernet Quest needs to collect this information
for fulfilling prizes, tracking/verifying compliance with Cybernet Quest
policies as well as federal, state and local laws and/or for editorial
and feedback solicitation purposes. [ Top ]
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on Cybernet Quest pages, you
could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are
links to other sites from Cybernet Quest pages that take you outside our
service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect
data or solicit personal information. Please keep in mind that whenever
you give out personal information online that information can be collected
and used by people you don't know. While Cybernet Quest strives to protect
its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security
of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.
Cybernet Quest 's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in
the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Cybernet Quest 's control,
and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental
regulation. [ Top ]
Security
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information,
Cybernet Quest can't ensure or warrant the security of any information
you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do
so at your own risk. We make our best effort to ensure its security on
our systems. Your Cybernet Quest account is password protected so that
only you can access it and view the member information relevant to the
account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords
and any account information. Remember to sign out of your Cybernet Quest
account and close your browser window when you have finished your work.
This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and
correspondence. [ Top ]
Ownership
All content, images, and materials appearing on CQ Counter web site are the sole property of Cybernet Quest. Such content is protected by both U.S. and international copyright laws and treaties. You may not use, reproduce, display, or sell any content without Cybernet Quest's prior written consent. You may not link to any page within our website (other than www.cqcounter.com) or frame any portion of the site without Cybernet Quest's prior written consent.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on CQ Counter's web site belong to Cybernet Quest and others. CQ Counter and all other trademark owners retain all rights in and to the marks, and nothing in these Terms and Conditions grants you or anyone else any right whatsoever to the marks. You may not use, reproduce, or display any marks without their owner's prior written consent. [ Top ]
Fees
Some services available through or in connection with CQ Counter require
that you purchase a subscription or pay a fee. You hereby authorize Cybernet
Quest to charge your credit card or your PayPal account in advance for
all applicable fees incurred by you or on your behalf in connection with
your use of the CQ Counter services. You shall be solely responsible for
all charges, fees, duties, taxes, and assessments arising out of your use
of CQ Counter. Cybernet Quest reserves the right to modify the fees charged
for CQ Counter services from time to time, provided that such modifications
shall not take effect earlier than thirty (30) days after Cybernet Quest
posts such modifications on the CQ Counter web sites. Amounts not paid
by you to Cybernet Quest when due, may bear interest at the lesser of (a)
one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, and (b) the maximum rate permitted
by applicable law. It is your responsibility to notify Cybernet Quest if
your credit card has expired and to make changes or your service may be
disconnected or interrupted. [ Top ]
Subscription
The services, which required subscription, will be automatically renewed at the end of the subscription period for one more period. If a subscriber would like to cancel the subscription for any service, the subscriber must inform CQ Counter by written notice at least thirty (30) days before the end of subscription period. If CQ Counter did not receive a written notice from subscriber at least thirty (30) days before the end of subscription period CQ Counter will automatically renew subscription service for one more period and CQ Counter will charge subscribers credit card or PayPal account in advance for all applicable fees incurred by subscriber or on subscriber behalf in connection with subscribers use of the CQ Counter service. [ Top ]
Refund policy
1. If a subscriber would like to switch from a pay option of any CQ
Counter service to a Free option, the subscriber's pay service will continue
until the subscription period expires, at which time the subscriber will
be automatically switched to Free option.
2. If a subscriber would like to switch from a pay option to another
pay option of any CQ Counter service, we will give a credit for the unused
time of the first service and we will transfer this credit to the new service.
A. If the credit is less than the fees for your new pay
service you must pay the difference. After that we will activate your new
service.
B. If the credit is more than the fees for your new pay
service, we will activate your new service.
3. If a subscriber cancels a pay CQ Counter account prior to the end
of a pay period, CQ Counter will not refund the subscriber with any amount.
4. If a subscriber violated any rule of the Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use for any CQ Counter pay service, the subscriber's account will be terminated and CQ Counter will not refund the subscriber with any amount. [ Top ]
Termination, Cancellation or Suspension
CQ Counter may, in its discretion, terminate, cancel, or suspend an accepted order if CQ Counter has a reason to believe that any account information or payment information (that your Credit Card or PayPal account has expired or has been canceled) provided to CQ Counter is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete. Termination, cancellation or suspension, whether by you or CQ Counter, will not alter your obligation to pay all charges made to your account before such termination, cancellation or suspension (including charges made after termination by you but before CQ Counter could reasonably act on your termination notice). In case of termination, cancellation or suspension of your account CQ Counter will not refund the subscriber with any amount. [ Top ]
Modification of Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions without notice
by posting the changes at out web sites. You are responsible for regularly
reviewing these Terms and Conditions. Continued use of the CQ Counter after
any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. Cybernet
Quest does not and will not assume any obligation to notify you of any
changes to the Terms and Conditions. [ Top ]
Your Acceptance of Terms and Conditions
If you do not agree to Terms and Conditions, please do not use our sites.
By registering an account at Cybernet Quest, you agree to accept the Term
and Conditions and are aware that our Terms and Conditions may change at
any time. By using this site, you signify your consent to the Cybernet
Quest Terms and Conditions. [ Top ]
Use of CQ Counter
Cybernet Quest reserves the right to terminate your account at any time
without notice for any reason whatsoever. Furthermore, Cybernet Quest reserves
the right to terminate or change any CQ Counter Service at anytime.
You agree not to change CQ Counter HTML code. Any alternation of the
code is absolutely prohibited, and may result in cancellation of the service.
If this agreement is terminated by us or by you for any reason, you
agree to remove our code, logos and trademarks from all of your web sites
and other items.
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota, U.S.A.
Venue for any dispute under this Agreement will be the State of Minnesota,
USA. [ Top ]
Home
Registration
Settings
Faq
Contact Us
Terms
Privacy
Copyright (c) 2000-2004 Cybernet Quest. All Rights Reserved.