http://craftsman-book.com/privacy-policy
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
1-800-829-8123
Home
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to Craftsman Book Company (“Craftsman”). The following information will help you understand how we use information you may enter in forms that appear on our web sites and/or software. The following web sites are governed by this policy: craftsman-book.com, build-smarter.com, get-a-quote.net, building-cost.net, craftsmandigital.com, constructionresources.net and their assorted aliases.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
At some Craftsman sites, you can order products, subscribe to one of our services (such as newsletters, and product announcements), participate in online forums, or use online features of our software products. The types of personally identifiable information that we may collect at these sites are based upon the circumstances and needs of each site/service, and may include: name, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
Some of our sites and services are only available to persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information.
You can get your name on a Craftsman list even if you are not currently a Craftsman customer. To receive announcements of new or revised products from Craftsman, please visit http://www.craftsman-book.com/contacts/customerservice.php and request to be added to our mailing list.
We log information about all interactions with our online services. Sometimes this information is personally identifiable (e.g. identity of the user), and sometimes it is non-personally identifiable, such as: the IP address, type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Google Chrome), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows, Mac), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g.,Cox and AT&T).
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. By themselves, cookies do not give us any personally identifiable information about you unless you choose to provide this information to us by other means; for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish us with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to data stored in a cookie. Only the web site that created a cookie can read it.
We use cookies to understand how visitors use our sites, to help us find ways to improve the content and offerings on our sites, or to personalize our sites for you. For example, cookies are used to store the current selection of products you have placed into your shopping cart. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit https://www.ftc.gov/site-information/privacy-policy/internet-cookies
- "Web beacons" or clear .gifs are small pieces of data placed on a web page to monitor and collect data about visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the number of users who visit a certain web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may use web beacons on our sites from time to time for these and other purposes.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Customer names, email addresses and delivery addresses are used to send what customers order. After a customer order or request has been processed, Craftsman will retain your name, email address and delivery address as a means of staying in contact with you. For example, information about new or revised editions of Craftsman publications are routinely sent to those who have ordered from Craftsman in the past.
Customer contact information (but not email address) is also shared with other companies who feel Craftsman customers are or might be good prospects for what those companies are selling. Before renting or trading names on any Craftsman customer list, Craftsman investigates both the company proposing to rent or trade customer names and the offer being made to Craftsman customers.
Craftsman is committed to the battle against spam, and Craftsman does not rent, sell, trade or disclose customer email addresses to any other company. Craftsman does not send unsolicited email. Email sent by Craftsman to Craftsman customers includes instructions for removing the recipient's name from Craftsman lists.
In addition to our web sites, many of our software products contain additional optional features such as updating cost data, licensing, registering or accessing a download, etc. The exact features available to you will depend upon the product you are using. When these additional features require access to our internet servers, you may be required to enter certain personally identifiable information in order to access these features and services. Without your prior approval, information collected for this purpose will be used only for the purpose of providing the additional features.
Here’s an example of how this works: When you install The National Estimator (TNE) software products, you are requested to enter personally identifiable information. This information is used for the purpose of providing access to the online price update service, and other TNE-related features. This information is not used for marketing purposes without your prior approval. You can choose to receive additional information about the latest product releases, construction news, and announcements about other products and services that may be of interest to you. You opt in to receive this information by checking the box titled “Yes. Please keep me informed.” on the customer registration screen. If you provide the requested information, but do not check this box, you won’t receive any additional information, but will still have access to the online features of TNE. Even if you do not opt in, you may periodically receive email messages from us for purposes of administering the additional online software features. Failure to respond to such messages may terminate your access to these additional features.
To have your name removed from any Craftsman list, call 800-829-8123 or email johnson@costbook.com or contact us online.
Sometimes we use both the personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information that we collect about access to our servers to improve the design and content of our services and to enable us to personalize your experience at our web sites.
We also may use this information in the aggregate to: analyze site usage, monitor network status, and to ensure the quality, integrity, and security of our electronic services.
We may also disclose personally or non-personally identifiable information to law enforcement agencies where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action in response to illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms of use or license agreements, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may disclose information to other parties in response to legal processes, such as a court order.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Magento to power our online store--you can read more about how Magento uses your Personal Information here:  https://magento.com/legal/terms/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS FROM US
EMAIL
You always have the opportunity to opt out of our marketing communications with you or change your preferences by following a link in the footer of all non-transactional email messages from us or by emailing us at johnson@costbook.com. Some communications from us are considered transactional or service communications (for example, confirmation of order, confirmation order has been shipped, important account notifications and billing information), and your account(s) for Craftsman Book Company products and services are provided to you upon the condition that you receive these communications from us. You must cancel your account(s) for Craftsman Book Company products and services, as applicable, if you do not wish to receive any transactional or service communications. To cancel your Craftsman Book Company account(s), please follow the instructions found in the terms of service for the applicable Craftsman Book Company service. You may still receive marketing communications from us even after you cancel your account unless you also opt-out of our marketing communications, as described above.
BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
- FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
- GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
- BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
SHARING WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS AND VENDORS
Occasionally, we enter into contracts with carefully selected third parties so that they can assist us in servicing you (for example, providing you with customer service, fraud detection and deterrence or access to advertising assets and providing us with information technology and storage services) or to assist us in our own marketing and advertising activities (including providing us with analytic information and search engine optimization services). Our contracts with such third parties prohibit them from using any of your personal information for any purpose beyond the purpose for which it was shared. Third-party service providers we share personal information with are:
-       Microsoft Azure
-       Constant Contact
-       Springbot
-       Wordpress
-       Wordstream
-       Magento
-       Information Refinery
-       Google AdWords
-       Bing
-       Google Analytics
-       Facebook Advertising
-       Twitter
-       Instagram
-       Amazon Marketplace
-       Yotpo
-       Roxosoft
-       Authorize.net
EXTERNAL SITES
Craftsman’s sites include links to other web sites that have privacy policies different from the statement above. You may want to check the privacy policies of those sites before submitting any personal information.
UPDATES
From time to time we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you of important ways we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to check back and review this policy from time to time to be kept aware of how we use and treat personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 24, 2018.
CONTACT INFORMATION
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at ben@costbook.com or by mail using the details provided below:
Ben Moselle Craftsman Book Company 6058 Corte Del Cedro Carlsbad, CA 92011 (800) 829-8123