https://creativewebsitemarketing.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last modified June 8, 2020
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By by accessing or using CreativeWebsiteMarketing.com, you agree to this privacy policy and to the collection and use of your information as stated in this policy. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site.
Creative Website Marketing, LLC (“CWM”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://creativewebsitemarketing.com website (the “Site”). At CWM, we care about privacy and believe in being transparent by providing information about our policies and practices. This policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection of information that we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our Site. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information
We may obtain information that you provide directly to us through the Site, for example when you use one of our contact forms or signup for our email list on the Site. The information you submit may include personally identifiable information, which is information that could be used to identify you individually, such as your name and email address.
We may also obtain information that is automatically collected when visiting and navigating our Site, through various technologies and automated data collection tools which may include cookies (more information below), third party tracking technologies and server logs. For example, when you visit our Site, we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your IP address, geo location, device identifier, browser characteristics, time on site, and website referrals.
We may obtain information when you directly provide comments on the blog pages on our Site. The information you submit in the comments may be collected along with your IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. To learn more about the Gravatar service privacy policy  click here. After approval of your comment, the profile picture you submit is visible to the public in the context of your comment on our Site.
We may also obtain information when you use the chat feature or signup for our email list on on our Site. The information you submit may be collected using a 3rd-party chat and email services provider, like HubSpot, click here to learn more about HubSpot’s privacy policy.
Cookies
Cookies (or browser cookies), are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer that can recognize your browser and remember certain information. Cookies can be used for a many purposes, examples are to keep track of data trends and advertisements, so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies. However, in a few cases, some of our Site features may not function as a result. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment.
You can delete or opt-out of this cookie/pixel experience at anytime by clearing your browser cookies.
Analytics
We may also use 3rd-party web analytics services, like Google Analytics. These service providers help us understand our details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, information about your computer and Internet connection including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
To learn more about how Google may use information collected through the Site, click here . You can also find out more about opting out of data collection through Google Analytics, click here.
Information Use
We respect your privacy and your trust. We will therefore never sell, rent, borrow or give  your information to anyone without your express permission. We will never spam you.
We may use the information collected about you from this Site in the following ways to:
Respond to inquiries, comments, information requests
Provide communication regarding new client on-boarding, reporting, correspondence between you and your account strategist and email updates of new blog posts on the Site
Analyze and monitor activities and usage trends of
Improve the Site experience using personalized content
Serve retargeting advertisements to previous Site visitors as you browse online
Embedded Content From Other Websites
There can be articles or pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, tools, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Online Advertising
We do not deliver third-party online advertisements on our Site, but we may advertise our services on other websites that we do not control. These other 3rd-party websites may have their own privacy policies that explain their online advertising policies, including what type of information they may collect about your Internet usage. Some advertising networks we use may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). You can learn more about NAI by clicking here where you may opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We will therefore not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Information for Visitors Outside the United States
If you are visiting our Site from a location outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect through the Site may be transferred to and stored on our servers located in the United States. By using the Site, you acknowledge and consent to your personally identifiable information being transferred to, and processed in, the United States as described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your personally identifiable information transferred to the United States may be different from the laws in the country where you reside.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms of Use
Please visit our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 06/08/2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
CreativeWebsiteMarketing.com
Info@CreativeWebsiteMarketing.com
PPC
SEO
Case Studies
About Us
Blog
Request A Proposal