http://cups.cs.cmu.edu/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for the CMU Usable Privacy and Security Laboratory.
Our homepage on the Web is located at
http://cups.cs.cmu.edu/.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by postal mail at the following address:
CyLab Usable Privacy and Security Laboratory
5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at
webmaster@cups.cs.cmu.edu.
Data Collection
Global Policy As you browse our web site, our web server
collects data sent automatically by your web browser.
This data is
used to provide you with the web pages you request, as well as for
system administration and research. If you play a game or participate
in another activity on our web site we will collect information about
your interactions with the game or activity and use it for our
research. We may set a cookie when you play a game or participate in
some activities so that we know that you have previously participated
if you return to our web site to participate again. These cookies, web
browsing, and activity information will not be identified with you
personally, although they may be linked to your computer's IP
address.
Survey and User Study Policy
If you sign up for one of our surveys or online user studies we
will collect your survey responses and information about your
activities during the study. This information will be anonymized and
used for research purposes only. If you choose to provide your name
and contact information, we will use it only to follow-up with you on
matters related to the study, for example, to send you a follow-up
survey or to let you know that you have won a prize. Some of our
studies use cookies to identify you as a study participant.
Mailing List Policy
If you sign up for one of our mailing lists or blogs we will collect your
email address, and optionally your name, and ask you to pick a
password. This information will be used to send you email
messages posted to the mailing list you subscribed to and to manage
your subscription or access. This information and the
contents of your messages and postings
will be shared with other subscribers and users.
Data Sharing
No data
identified with you is ever shared with third parties beyond those
identified in this policy, except as required by law or to
investigate abuse of our web site.
Data Access
To access information related to your mailing list subscriptions,
login to the subscription management
page for the mailing lists to which you are subscribed. To access
personally identified data you provided as part of your participation
in a CUPS study, please contact the researcher conducting the study or
webmaster@cups.cs.cmu.edu.