https://cws.net/privacy-policy
Our Story
Portfolio
Services
Website Development
Inbound Marketing
Custom App Development
HIPAA Hosting
Resources
Request Quote
Client Area
How-To Articles
Support Portal
Webmail
Rapid Newsletter+
eCMS
MNU
Web privacy policy
We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information. In addition to this privacy policy, users of the CWS, Inc. site should consult the CWS, Inc. CWS Social Media Policy.
What information we collect
We respect the right to privacy of all visitors to the CWS, Inc. site. We do not collect information that would personally identify you unless you choose to provide it. The personal information that you submit, such as on the request a quote page, is shared only with those people within CWS, Inc. who need this information to respond to your request and we will utilize the information to improve CWS, Inc. operations. Information submitted through CWS, Inc.'s online forms may be collected to ensure technical functionality. It will also be utilized to report any inappropriate use of our website. We do not save personal information to use for other purposes, nor do we provide it to any other groups.
Email communications, newsletter and related services
CWS, Inc. provides you with the opportunity to receive communications from us or third parties. You can sign up for a free email newsletter as well as unsubscribe from this at anytime.
Email communications that you send to us via the contact and email links on our site may be shared with any member of our team and will be directed to the person most able to address your message. We make every effort to respond in a timely fashion once communications are received. Once we have responded to your communication, it is discarded or archived, depending on the nature of the message.
The email functionality on our site does not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. It's possible that your email communication may be accessed or viewed by another Internet user while in transit to us. If you wish to keep your communication private, do not use our email and call 1.888.426.7793. You may decide at some point that you no longer wish to receive communications from our site. To stop receiving communications, send us an email message.
Surveys
We, from time to time, survey visitors to our site. The information is used in an aggregated, deidentified form to help us understand the needs of our visitors so that we can improve our visitor experience. The information may be shared with third parties with whom we have a business relationship. We generally do not ask for information in the surveys that would personally identify you. If we do request contact information for followup, you may decline to provide it. If survey respondents provide personal information, it is shared only with those people who need to see it to respond to the question or request, or with third parties who perform data management services for our site. Those third parties have agreed to keep all data from surveys confidential.
IP addresses
The Web server will automatically collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computers that access CWS, Inc.. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you access the Internet. It is not truly personally identifiable information because many different individuals can access the Internet via the same computer. We use this information in aggregate form to understand how our site or advertisements from CWS, Inc. are being used and how we can better serve visitors.
Cookies and other tracking technology
We collect information about visitors to our site using "cookies" and similar technology such as event tracking, pixel tags, visitor usage recordings and so on. We use this technology to recognize a repeat visitor and offer the visitor a set of content targeted based on a previous visit. We use session cookies to track a visitor's path through our site during a visit, to help us understand how people use our site and interact with us in order for us to continually improve our visitor experience.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect for things like:
Fulfilling requests for services or information
Marketing and advertising products and services
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating things like special events and surveys
Establishing and managing your account with us
Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your interactions with us in person and online
Operating, evaluating and improving our business and website
Data retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or other valid legal processes, we will not share any personally identifiable information we receive from you with any parties outside of CWS, Inc..
We may share some information to third parties
We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who we have engaged to help us provide you services. In each case, we will ensure that these third parties have agreed not to use or disclose your personal information except to help us provide the services.
Except as noted above for newsletters and surveys, CWS, Inc. does not provide any third party access to your IP address and email address.
We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our visitors, traffic and related site information. This data reflects siteusage patterns gathered during visits to our website each month, but they do not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information.
To help us determine the effectiveness of CWS, Inc. advertising, we work with Web analytics tools hosted by third parties who receive nonidentifiable information from your browser, including but not limited to the site or the advertisement you came from, your IP address, your general geographic location, your browser and platform information, and the pages you view within our site.
Ads by Google
Note that Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our site users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. No personally identifiable information is collected as part of Google's process. Users may opt out of the use of this DART cookie by visiting Google's privacy document.
If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative. Some ad servers allow you to opt out of anonymous data collection through the use of cookies. To do so, you must opt out of such data collection with each individual site. You can opt out of cookies for several ad servers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative gateway optout site. At that site you can also review the privacy policies of those ad servers.
Protecting your privacy
Whether you are visiting the CWS, Inc. site or working with one of our team members, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. CWS, Inc. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We have taken reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of the personal information that you may provide. You should understand, however, that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception, and so we cannot 100% guarantee the security or confidentiality of such transmissions.
If you reached this site via an ad from CWS, Inc.
If you come to a CWS, Inc. website via a CWS, Inc. advertisement, the ad may have been served to you based on your interests or selected for you based on your browsing activities.
Protecting children's privacy
We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Links to other websites
Our websites link to client websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you're visiting.
Privacy policy updates
We may need to update our privacy policy as technology changes and CWS, Inc. evolves. If we make significant changes to this privacy policy, we'll update it here.
Contact information
CWS, Inc.3014 Allegro Park Lane SWRochester, MN 55902
CWS, Inc.1 E. Washington St., Suite 500Phoenix, AZ 85004
This policy was last updated in March 2016.
Ready to Get Started?
We’d love to talk to you about a new project, improving your current website, ramping up your digital marketing strategy, or anything else on your mind!
507.289.2229
email us
@cws_inc
Dynamic Marketing. Digital Core.
Useful Links
Contact
Honors & Awards
Meet The Team
Internships
Careers
CWS Cares
Services
Website Development
Custom App Development
HIPAA Hosting
Inbound Marketing
Social
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Google+
Client Support
Call: 507.289.2229
Email Us
Client Portal Login
eCMS Login
Training/Support
Social Media Policy | Privacy Policy
©2019 - Corporate Web Services, Inc.