https://cybermill.co.uk/legal/terms-of-use/
skip to main content
Terms Of Use
By using The Cyber Mill Limited Website (the “Site”), you signify your agreement to all terms of use, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein (the “Terms of Use”). If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, do not use this Site. No contract or engagement is created by this website. The Cyber Mill Limited is not obliged to respond to any enquiries. The Cyber Mill Limited reserves the right to require reasonable identification before following up with any enquiries. The Web is an evolving medium and therefore The Cyber Mill Limited reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to update or revise these Terms of Use at any time. Please check the Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of any changes to the Terms of Use constitutes tacit acceptance of those changes.
Accessing our site
Our site is made available free of charge.
We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of our site without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Your account and password
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at info@cybermill.co.uk.
Third party links and resources on our site
This Site may produce automated search results or otherwise link you to other sites on the internet. These other sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites are not under the control of The Cyber Mill Limited, and you hereby acknowledge that The Cyber Mill Limited does not make any representation or warranty regarding the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such other sites. Inclusion of any such link on this site does not imply endorsement of the site, or any other aspect of the information located on such sites by The Cyber Mill Limited, nor does it imply any association with its operators.
Linking to our site
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists without our consent. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy below.
If you wish to make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact info@cybermill.co.uk.
Acceptable Use Policy
Prohibited uses
You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site:
in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation
in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect
for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way
to send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with our content standards
to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam)
You also agree:
not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site (except as otherwise provided for in these terms)
not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
any part of our site
any equipment or network on which our site is stored
any software used in the provision of our site, or
any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party
Interactive services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our site.
Where we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered, if it is moderated and what form of moderation is used (including whether it is human or technical).
Content standards
These content standards apply to any and all material which you contribute to our site (contributions), and to any interactive services associated with it.
You must comply with the spirit of the following standards as well as the letter. The standards apply to each part of any contribution as well as to its whole.
Contributions must:
be accurate (where they state facts)
be genuinely held (where they state opinions)
be relevant
comply with applicable law in the UK and in any country from which they are posted
Contributions must not:
contain any material which is defamatory of any person
contain any swearing or any material which is obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory
promote sexually explicit material
promote violence
promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age
infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person
be likely to deceive any person
be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence
promote any illegal activity
be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety
be likely to harass any other person
be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person
give the impression that they emanate from us, if this is not the case
advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse
disclose the name, address, telephone, mobile or fax number, e-mail address or any other personal data in respect of any individual
be in contempt of court
contain a statement which you know or believe, or have reasonable grounds for believing, that members of the public to whom the statement is, or is to be, published are likely to understand as a direct or indirect encouragement or other inducement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism
contain any advertising or promote any services or web links to other sites
Suspension and termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this acceptable use policy through your use of our site. When a breach of this policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate.
Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of these Terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to our site
issue of a warning to you
legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach
further legal action against you
disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary
We exclude liability for actions taken in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The responses described in this policy are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Disclaimer of warranties
All content is provided “as is” and “as available” for your use. The content is provided without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. The Cyber Mill Limited and its respective affiliates from time to time do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that this site will be available at any particular time or location; that any defects or errors will be corrected; or that the content is free of viruses or other harmful components. Your use of this site is solely at your risk. Because some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of certain warranties, these exclusions may not apply to you.
Limitation of liability
Under no circumstances shall The Cyber Mill Limited and its respective affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, this site. This limitation applies whether the alleged liability is based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis, even if The Cyber Mill Limited or its respective affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, The Cyber Mill Limited and its respective affiliates’ liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to the extent permitted by law.
Indemnity
By using this Site you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless The Cyber Mill Limited company, its respective affiliates, managing directors, principals, agents, employees, contractors, officers, and directors from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including attorney’s fees, that arise from: (a) any content posted by you to the Site; or (b) any use or misuse of this Site by you. The Cyber Mill Limited reserves the right, at it own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with The Cyber Mill Limited in asserting any available defences.
Choice of law and forum
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales
We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Trading Names
Cybermill, Breeze and Phosys are trading names of The Cyber Mill Limited.
Severability
Unless otherwise specified herein, these Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and The Cyber Mill Limited with respect to this Site and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written, or electronic) between you and The Cyber Mill Limited with respect to this Site. If any provision of this Terms of Use is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future law effective during the term hereof, such provision shall be fully severable and this Terms of Use shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision never comprised a part hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance from these terms.
Termination
The Cyber Mill Limited reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this Site, with or without notice.
Copyright notice
All rights, including copyright, in the content of these web pages are owned or controlled for these purposes by The Cyber Mill Limited. The material on this website includes, without limitation, the text, computer code, SEO functionality, artwork, photographs, images, and all audio and/or visual material on this website.
In accessing the The Cyber Mill Limited’s web pages, you agree that you may only download the content for your own personal non-commercial use.
Except where expressly stated otherwise, you are not permitted to copy, broadcast, download, store (in any medium), transmit, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the content of these The Cyber Mill Limited web pages for any other purpose whatsoever without the prior written permission of the The Cyber Mill Limited.
Contact us
To contact us, please email info@cybermill.co.uk.
Thank you for visiting our site.
Last Updated 24 May 2018.
LegalPrivacy PolicyGDPR StatementTerms Of UsePrivacy Policy 2013Cookie PolicyContact Us Today
Your name*
Email address*
Phone number*In order to get a better understanding of your requirements it's often easier to talk on the phone.
Interested in*---An updateable websiteA simple brochure websiteA larger websiteSelling onlineSearch Engine OptimisationLogo/brandingNot really sureOther
Where did you hear about us?*---Google SearchLocal AdvertisingPromotional materialWord of mouthRecommendationOther
Your message*
I am happy for you to send me information from time to time.
›