https://cybermill.co.uk/legal/cookie-policy/
skip to main content
Cookie Policy
We use cookies and similar tools across our websites to improve their performance and enhance your user experience, and by using our site you’re consenting to use them. This policy explains how we do that.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a site or page. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We use the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
There are many functions cookies serve. For example, they can help us to remember your username and preferences, analyse how well our website is performing, or even allow us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Certain cookies contain personal information – for example, if you click to “remember me” when logging in, a cookie will store your username. Most cookies won’t collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our websites, or a user’s general location.
What sort of cookies does The Cyber Mill Limited use?
Generally, our cookies perform up to four different functions:
Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website. For example, some cookies allow us to identify subscribers and ensure they can access the subscription only pages. If a subscriber opts to disable these cookies, the user will not be able to access all of the content that a subscription entitles them to.
Analytical and/or Performance Cookies
Some cookies analyse how our visitors use our websites and to monitor website performance. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This can help us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. We might also use these cookies to highlight articles or site services that we think will be of interest to you based on your usage of the website.
Functionality Cookies
We may use functionality cookies to allow us to remember your preferences for your return visits to our website. For example, cookies save you the trouble of typing in your username every time you access the site. This also enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Does anyone else use cookies on our website?
The Cyber Mill Limited uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Can a website user block cookies?
As we’ve explained above, cookies help you to get the most out of our websites. For more information about how we use information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
However, if you do wish to disable our cookies then please visit the www.allaboutcookies.org which has comprehensive information on the subject.
Please remember that if you do choose to disable cookies, you may find that certain sections of our website do not work properly.
LegalPrivacy PolicyGDPR StatementTerms Of UsePrivacy Policy 2013Cookie PolicyContact Us Today
Your name*
Email address*
Phone number*In order to get a better understanding of your requirements it's often easier to talk on the phone.
Interested in*---An updateable websiteA simple brochure websiteA larger websiteSelling onlineSearch Engine OptimisationLogo/brandingNot really sureOther
Where did you hear about us?*---Google SearchLocal AdvertisingPromotional materialWord of mouthRecommendationOther
Your message*
I am happy for you to send me information from time to time.
›