https://cybermill.co.uk/legal/gdpr-statement/
skip to main content
GDPR Statement
The Cyber Mill Limited was formed in 2000 and now has many years’ experience of building websites, software and general IT services and solutions. You can be assured that our team will help you make the right decisions for your organisation.
The Cyber Mill Limited is a private company registered in England and Wales, company number 3980110.
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a significant piece of European legislation. It builds on existing data protection laws, strengthening the rights that EU individuals have over their personal data, and creates a single data protection approach across Europe.
Your data
This article will explain what data The Cyber Mill Limited collects for your account, how we use it and the choices you have about the data we collect. For more detailed information, please see our privacy policy.
Our GDPR Principles are:
Data is processed fairly and lawfully
Data is processed only for specified and lawful purposes
Processed data is adequate, relevant and not excessive
Processed data is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date
Data is not kept longer than necessary
Data is processed in accordance with an individual’s consent and rights
Data is kept secure
Data is not transferred outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) without adequate protection
We collect basic information from you when you decide to use our services, such as name, address, email address and phone number. When you purchase products or add services, we may collect additional information.
We also record information when you contact us, including customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked and how we responded. We also use cookies and similar technologies on our websites and mobile applications to collect information about interactions and usage.
We use information about you to deliver, improve, update and enhance the services we provide to you. For example, we use information about you to create your account, deliver our services (including websites and mobile applications).
We never share your information with third parties unless you have specifically asked us to do so. For example, asking one of our partners to provide IT support for your business, generating SSL certificates and registering domain names. We never use your information for marketing.
How do we secure our data?
Secure communication channels
We encrypt personal data provided to us via web forms using up to date standards to prevent others from intercepting the information in transit.
Account authentication
We require a unique user name and password to log into your accounts, all passwords are kept in high security encrypted digital password safes both within our internal network and on UK based cloud servers.
Security training
Our employees receive training regarding good security practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about our Privacy Policy or the practices of our Services, you may contact our office by any of the means below:
Email: accounts@cybermill.co.uk
By Phone: 01904 720999
By Mail: The Data Protection Officer, The Cyber Mill Limited, Appleyards, Escrick Grange, Escrick, York. YO19 6EB
ICO Registration Number: Z9674507
We will respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within thirty (30) days.
LegalPrivacy PolicyGDPR StatementTerms Of UsePrivacy Policy 2013Cookie PolicyContact Us Today
Your name*
Email address*
Phone number*In order to get a better understanding of your requirements it's often easier to talk on the phone.
Interested in*---An updateable websiteA simple brochure websiteA larger websiteSelling onlineSearch Engine OptimisationLogo/brandingNot really sureOther
Where did you hear about us?*---Google SearchLocal AdvertisingPromotional materialWord of mouthRecommendationOther
Your message*
I am happy for you to send me information from time to time.
›