https://cybermill.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy/
skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The Cyber Mill (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully as this privacy policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
We do update this policy from time to time so please do review this policy regularly.
Information we collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites (cybermill.co.uk, phosys.com and breezeonline.co.uk).
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
How we use your personal data
Registration
We use your personal and contact information to register you as a new customer and to be able to contact you regarding the products and services that you use.
Verification
We may require legal documents to aid in the setup of certain services such as SSL certificates or payment providers. It is up to you whether you provide these to us or set up these services yourself.
Managing your account
We use your personal and contact information and transaction details about your purchases, to manage your account and to contact you if there are any problems.
Communicating with you
We use the personal and contact information provided by you, copies of your communications with us and, in some circumstances, transaction details, to manage our relationship with you. For example, to communicate with you in response to any query, request or complaint you may have including by email, telephone and in web chat whether relating to product that you have purchased from us or otherwise.
Staff Training
We use copies of your communications with us in order to train our staff.
Technical Issues
If you contact us about an issue, we may use technical information, and personal and contact information to administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data).
How we use your data for direct marketing
We do not share your information with any third parties. From time to time we may send you information regarding our products and services.
How to opt out of direct marketing
Click unsubscribe in any direct marketing email
Contact us via email, our contact form or write to us
Do not click the subscribe button on our contact form when requesting information
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Storing Your Personal Data
It may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing, for example by payment providers. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated and stored securely. However in some instances we may be compelled by law to disclose your personal data to a third party, and have limited control over how it is protected by that party.
We have put various methods in place to protect your personal data including all our websites being accessed via https rather than http, meaning that all information that is sent and received is encrypted for additional security. You can see this in the address bar of your browser.
Unfortunately, the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically. Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
How long we store your personal data
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted or anonymised (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your Rights
You have the right:
to ask us not to use your personal data for direct marketing. To do so, please unsubscribe to our email list or see above.
to ask us not to process your personal data where it is processed on the basis of legitimate interests, if there are no compelling reasons for that processing;
to request access to personal information that we hold about you (see below);
to ask for the information we hold about you to be rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
to ask that we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent;
to ask, in certain circumstances, to delete the personal data we hold about you;
to ask, in certain circumstances, for the processing of that information to be restricted; and
to ask, in certain circumstances, for data portability.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If The Cyber Mill or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers – for the purposes of providing consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Police or other such regulatory authority – as part of an investigation or otherwise for legal or regulatory purposes.
Dispute Resolution agencies – for the purposes of dealing with any complaints.
Credit reference agencies – for the purpose of checking the details that you have provided us with are correct and to comply with our regulatory obligations.
Auditors – to audit our systems and transactions for the purposes of ensuring efficiency, or regulatory or contractual compliance.
UK law enforcement agencies and third-party security companies – for the purposes of ensuring that we comply with the law and have adequate security measures in place.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Links
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this privacy policy at info@cybermill.co.uk.
Last Updated: 24 May 2018
LegalPrivacy PolicyGDPR StatementTerms Of UsePrivacy Policy 2013Cookie PolicyContact Us Today
Your name*
Email address*
Phone number*In order to get a better understanding of your requirements it's often easier to talk on the phone.
Interested in*---An updateable websiteA simple brochure websiteA larger websiteSelling onlineSearch Engine OptimisationLogo/brandingNot really sureOther
Where did you hear about us?*---Google SearchLocal AdvertisingPromotional materialWord of mouthRecommendationOther
Your message*
I am happy for you to send me information from time to time.
›