https://datahealth.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutCloud BackupCloud HostingRemote ITContactMy Account Privacy PolicyHome
Privacy PolicyDataProtech®, Inc dba DataHEALTH® PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy explains DataHEALTH’s policy regarding the collection and protection of Personal Data supplied by users or collected by us from users of the datahealth.com web site and DataHEALTH backup service (the “Service”). DataHEALTH defines “Personal Data” as any data from which it is practical to directly determine the identity of an individual or business. This Privacy Policy may be updated by DataHEALTH from time to time. DataHEALTH will provide notice of materially significant changes to the Privacy Policy by posting notice on the datahealth.com website. By registering to use DataHEALTH, you agree (1) to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and (2) that DataHEALTH may process (i.e., collect, use, etc.) your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy or the End User License Agreement. HOW DataHEALTH USES INFORMATION Personal Data We will not share, sell or market the email addresses or other personal and business data of registered Users to third parties. We will not view the files that you backup using the DataHEALTH backup service. We may view your file system information (file names, sizes, types, etc.) to provide you customer service and support. We will not send you advertising, promotional material nor other information on behalf of third parties. We may send you administrative communications regarding your backup account or your backup service. USER INFORMATION DataHEALTH COLLECTS Personal Data Once you register with DataHEALTH and sign in to the backup service, you are not anonymous to DataHEALTH. When registering on DataHEALTH, you provide Personal Data, which includes a user name, a password, contact name, business name, billing address, phone number, email address, and credit card information (optional). When backing data up with DataHEALTH, you send us that data and you also are sending file system information, including names of files and directories. To protect your account information, please keep your password secure. All Users may opt to remove their Personal Data from our live database by contacting DataHEALTH and canceling their DataHEALTH user account. Links to Third Party Sites The datahealth.com web site may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These web sites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies before visiting the web sites. We have no responsibility for linked web sites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. DISCLOSURES DataHEALTH Systems Service Providers DataHEALTH may need to provide your Personal Data to third parties to deliver specific services to you (such as support services). These third parties are required not to disclose your Personal Data and not to use your Personal Data other than to provide the services requested by DataHEALTH. Law Enforcement; Subpoenas DataHEALTH may disclose Personal Data, including the data you back up with the Service, with or without notice (a) if required by a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order, or (b) where required by law. DataHEALTH Affiliates Although DataHEALTH currently does not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “affiliates”), it may in the future. DataHEALTH may share some or all of your Personal Data with these affiliates, in which case it will require our affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Change of Ownership In the event of a change in ownership, or a direct merger or acquisition with another entity, we reserve the right to transfer all of DataHEALTH’s User information, including Personal Data, to a separate entity. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you (by posting on our website or an email to the email address you provide when you register) of any change in ownership, merger or acquisition of DataHEALTH’s assets by a third party, and you may choose to modify any of their registration information at that time. SECURITY DataHEALTH uses industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected by DataHEALTH in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, DataHEALTH cannot guarantee complete security. Further, while we take all reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “crackers” from obtaining this information. UPDATING OR REMOVING USER INFORMATION You may, at any time, choose to correct or update the information you have submitted to DataHEALTH, by contacting DataHEALTH at (888) 656-DATA (3282). If you cancel your account, your Personal Data may be retained in our archive or backup records. REVISIONS TO THIS POLICY DataHEALTH reserves the right in our sole discretion to revise, amend, or modify this policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification of this policy will be posted on the datahealth.com website, and a User’s continued use of the Service will signify agreement to such changes. CONTACTING DataHEALTH Users with questions about this Privacy Policy and any of the aforementioned statements may contact DataHEALTH the following ways: E-Mail feedback@datahealth.com Postal and Phone DataHEALTH 855 Central Avenue Suite 301 Ashland, KY 41101 (888) 656-DATA (3282) REGISTRATION OR USE OF THE SERVICE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY Effective Date July 12, 2006