http://deal-mac.com/privacy.html
All Deals
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy Effective Date: August 1, 2020
Welcome to DealNews.com ("DealNews", "we," "us," or "our"). Our Privacy Policy governs your use of this
website and the DealNews mobile application (collectively the "Site" or "Sites" and "Service").
By registering for, accessing, browsing, or using the Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and
agree, effective as of the date of such action, to the information handling practices described in this Privacy
Policy.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Site’s Terms of Service. Your use of the Service and
any personal information you provide through the Service are subject at all times to this Privacy Policy and the
Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy outlines the type of Personal Information and other information that is collected on the Site or
Service, how that information is used, and the procedure for users to request access and deletion of their personal
information.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION
WHEN WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES, RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
.OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
IN THE EVENT OF MERGER OR SALE
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR RIGHTS TO ACCESS DATA
HOW TO COMPLAIN
CLASS ACTION WAIVER
CONTACT INFORMATION
1. The Information We Collect; Personal Data
User-Provided Information, including Personally Identifiable Information (PII): Due to the nature and scope
of our Service, you may provide to DealNews what is generally called "personally identifiable" information. This
information may be provided during contests, sweepstakes, site registration, or use of public areas, such as a
review. Our Site and third parties may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name,
e-mail address, username, and password and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow
online contact with you so that we or other third parties can provide you with the products and services you request
or have agreed to receive. We collect personal information from users when they register or create an account on our
Site, or through other ways such as through such user’s activities, transactions, and or other similar types of
canvassing and other online forms on our Site.
If you access our Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that
device. We also collect information about your device’s precise location over time to provide you with more relevant
deals, such as offering deals in real time for a store that you are visiting.
Our Site may also collect information that does not identify you by name when you visit DealNews, such as your
internet protocol ("IP") address, geo-location, domain name, browser configuration, device type, unique device
identifier, the type of operating system you are using, information about your Internet service provider, the time
of your visit, whether you are a returning visitor, and any referring website.
If you log in via a third-party service like Facebook or Google, we will collect the information described in the
third-party service's request for authorization. This information may include your name, email address, gender,
city, and state. You should review your privacy settings with these third-party services to be sure you are only
sharing information you wish to share.
Overall, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Data about you. We have grouped these
into the following categories of "Personal Data":
Contact Data: such as email addresses, first and last name, address, city, state, country, zip code.
Marketing and Communications Data: such as your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our
third-parties and your communication preferences.
Profile Data: such as your username and password, feedback and survey responses.
Technical Data: such as Device IDs, your login data, access dates and times, browser type and version,
device information, cookie data, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating
system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access the Service.
Usage Data: such as information about how you use our Website, products and services.
Cookies Information: When you access the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files
containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. DealNews may use both session cookies and
persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you
close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. DealNews site uses cookies
to maintain active user sessions, However, persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser "Help"
file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings.
Our website also uses Google Analytics Cookies. Information collected by the Google Analytics cookies will be
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America in accordance with its privacy
practices. To see an overview of privacy at Google please click here. You may opt out of tracking by Google
Analytics by clicking here. Otherwise, if you agree
to our use of cookies, please continue to use our site.
IP Address and Clickstream Data. We automatically collect information from your browser when you visit our
Site. This information includes your IP address, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any
undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us and the referring website address.
Response to Do Not Track Signals: - Certain web browsers may provide an option by which you may have the
browser inform websites or internet services you visit that you do not wish to have information (which may or may
not contain PII) about your activities tracked by cookies or other persistent identifiers across time and across
third-party Internet websites, online or cloud computing services, online applications, or mobile applications.
These are commonly called "do not track" signals. DealNews site requires cookies to maintain active user sessions,
and therefore DealNews does not act on Do Not Track requests.
Third Party Web Beacons: To bring you the best experience and product set possible, we may also implement and
integrate third party content, such as advertising, on the Service that uses "clear gifs," "web beacons," or other
similar techniques, and which may allow the third party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser,
or implement similar tracking mechanisms, in connection with your viewing of that third party content displayed on
or through the Service.
Other System Information Automatically Collected: When you access the Service or open one of our HTML emails,
we may automatically record certain information from your system by using different types of tracking technology.
This "automatically collected" information may include your Internet Protocol address, a unique device or user ID,
the version of software installed, system type, the content and pages that you access on the Service, and the dates
and times that you visit the Service.
2. The Way We Use Information
DealNews uses the information that you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of
the features and services found on the Service.
We will use your email address and other provided contact information, without further consent, for administrative
communications such as notifying you of major Service updates and for customer service Purposes.
DealNews may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send promotional messages
related to the Service and the activities of third parties we work with. Generally, you have the ability to
unsubscribe or "opt out" from further communications through links provided in the messages sent from us.
DealNews uses all of the information that you provide or that we collect to understand the usage trends and
preferences of our Users, to improve the way the Service works and looks, and to create new features and
functionality.
DealNews may use "Automatically Collected" information and "Cookies" information, alone or in combination with other
information we have collected from you, to: (a) personalize the service, such as remembering your information so
that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access the Service; (b) provide
customized third party advertisements, content, and information, and (c) send you email communications and otherwise
correspond with you about, products, services and offers that might interest you.
We rely on third party vendors to help deliver our products and services on our Site. Some of them use data about
your use of our Site. Below is a list of third parties with links to more information on their use of your data.
These third parties are not authorized by us to use your Personal Information in any other way.
3. When We Disclose Information
DealNews does not share your personally identifiable information with other organizations for their marketing or
promotional uses without your prior consent.
We may disclose User information to affiliated companies or other businesses or persons who: provide website
hosting, maintenance, and security services; fulfill orders; conduct data analysis and create reports; offer certain
functionality; and assist DealNews in delivering or improving the Service and creating new features. These
disclosures are generally made under terms comparable to this Privacy Policy, and the recipients are limited to
using the information for the purposes for which the information was provided and only to the extent necessary to
complete the intended work.
We use commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information we collect
online. Please note that there is no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, that
is completely secure.
DealNews may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is
necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or respond to a court order, judicial
or other government subpoena, or warrant in the manner required by the requesting entity.
DealNews also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or
necessary: to take precautions against liability; to protect DealNews from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to
investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement
agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Service; or to protect the rights, property, or personal
safety of DealNews, our users, or others.
4. Your Choices, Rights and Responsibilities
Right Not To Share Information: You may, of course, decline to share your personally identifiable information
with DealNews, in which case DealNews will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality
found on the Service. You may update or correct your user information and preferences at any time by accessing your
account preferences page through the Service or by contacting us via this online contact form. Please note that while changes to
your Account are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information that we collect or that
you provide for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and
analytics.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account
access or making corrections to your information.
Right to Correct, Update, Delete Personal Information: You have the right to ask us to change, correct, or
delete Personal Data. You may also ask us to delete and remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us to
continue to process it (for instructions see below). If you choose to ask us to delete and remove your Personal Data
DealNews may not be able to provide to you some or all of the features and functionality found on the Service.
Please note, we may not always be able to comply with your request for erasure and in such circumstances, will
notify our reasons to you. If you choose to ask us to alter, remove or delete your Personal Information you may
contact us in one of the following ways: a) contacting us via this online contact form, or sending us a letter
addressed to: privacy, 203 Greene Street SE, Huntsville, AL 35801. In order to verify your request, we will ask you
to provide your name, email address, and certain other pieces of identifying information. Once you have submitted
this information and any necessary supporting documentation, we will confirm the information and then fulfill your
request within the time frame required by the relevant law.
Marketing Communications: If you no longer wish to receive any marketing communications from us, you may
request to be removed from our email list. You may contact us using this online contact form requesting removal from the
Site’s email distribution list to opt-out from our marketing communication. You may also do this by unsubscribing to
any email communication you receive from us.
Third Party Advertising: Some of the ads appearing on this Website are delivered to users by Rakuten
Marketing, CJ Affiliate, Impact, and our other Web advertising partners. These third party advertising partners
collect information about users' visits to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not user
name, address, or other personal information), and use that information to serve ads to users on this site, other
websites, and other forms of media. For more information about Rakuten Marketing, CJ Affiliate, Impact, cookies, and
how to "opt-out", please review Raken
Marketing's, CJ Affiliate's, and Impact’s privacy policies. For more information about other third
party advertising partners and the ability to opt-out from those partners, please click here.
Please understand that if you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies, you may need to renew your opt-out
choice.
Additional Information about Cookies and Re-Targeting
As mentioned above, when you visit our website we use cookies and other
similar technologies to collect anonymous information so that we can improve
your experience when you use our services.
This allows us to:
Remember your preferences
Let you navigate between pages efficiently
Make our websites work
Improve the efficiency of our website
Help us to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly
Collect statistical information to assist us and our partners to learn how
customers use our and their products
With your permission we will also collect information about you and other
information you may choose to include in the products you enquire about or
buy from us to:
Help us answer your queries and carry out your instructions when you need us
to
Verify you as a user and carry out other essential security checks
Remember how far you are in the form you are completing
Contact you if you are experiencing difficulties when you are trying to get
a quotation with us
Contact you regarding our offers, products and services
Supply you with advertising that is more relevant to you when you are
visiting ours or other websites that promote our products (retargeting
cookies)
Track the effectiveness of our online marketing activity
Targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver advertising more relevant to you and your
interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an
advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising
campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website
operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this
information is shared with other organizations or organizations we have asked
to do so on our behalf. These cookies are called retargeting cookies and will
remember that you have visited our website and enable us to serve you with
advertising when you are visiting other sites (for example to remind you of
products and services you were interested in, or to tell you about special
offers and discounts). Other retargeting cookies (usually placed by
advertising networks) may remember terms that you have used on search engine
queries so that we can serve you with advertising for products and services
relevant to those search terms.
We use retargeting cookies so that we may serve advertising to you after you
have left our site. We work with third parties who may place cookies on your
web browser to enable us (and other advertisers) to serve you with advertising
based on your search activity.
For more information about retargeting cookies go here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices.
Further information about managing cookies or opting out of advertising
retargeting can be found here:
https://www.aboutcookies.org/
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
here: http://www.iab.net/privacymatters/3.php
If you would like to contact DealNews about opting out of retargeting please
see Section 4 above.
5. Our Commitment To Data Security
Your Responsibilities: You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account
information at all times.
DealNews uses certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security
of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to
DealNews, and you do so at your own risk. DealNews cannot guarantee that information you provide or that we collect
may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial
safeguards.
If DealNews learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can
take appropriate protective steps. DealNews may post a notice on the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending
on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free
written notice of a security breach you should notify us using this online contact form.
Third Party "Linked-To" Websites
When you are on our Site, you may be able to visit or link to other sites not operated by us. We do not control such
sites and we are not responsible for the information practices of these sites. This Privacy Policy does not address
the information practices of those other websites, and we encourage you to read the posted privacy policies of such
sites.
6. Commitment To Children's Privacy
If you are under 13 years of age, then you may not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner.
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, DealNews does not knowingly
collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years-of-age. If DealNews learns that
personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13-years-of-age has been collected on or through the
service, then DealNews will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who you believe has registered an Account on the
Service, then please contact DealNews using this online
contact form to have that child’s Account terminated and information deleted.
7. International Visitors
For users visiting the service from the European Economic Area (EEA) or any other non-U.S. territories, please note
that any data you enter into the Service will be transferred outside the European Economic Area or such other
non-U.S. territory for use by DealNews and its affiliates for any of the purposes described herein. In addition,
because DealNews operates globally, we may make information we gather available to worldwide business units and
affiliates. By providing any data on the Service, you hereby expressly consent to such transfers of your data to the
United States or other countries.
8. In The Event Of Merger Or Sale
In the event that DealNews is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these
circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of that merger,
acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
9. Changes And Updates To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by an updated publication date at the top
of this Privacy Policy. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personal
information in the manner described in the privacy policy in effect when we received that personal information. Your
continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.
For revisions to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal
information you have provided to us, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your consent before
implementing revisions with respect to such information.
10. Your Rights To Access Data (For Data Subjects In The EEA).
Data subjects in the EEA have the following rights with respect to their Personal Data:
Right to Information: The right to know what Personal Data we hold about you and how we use it.
Right to Access: The right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data (subject to certain
restrictions).
Right of Rectification: The right to require us to correct any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data we hold
about you, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. If you have a user account
with us, you also have the option of correcting your information directly in your account.
Right to erasure/be forgotten: This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no
good reason for us to continue to process it. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your
request for erasure and in such circumstances, will notify our reasons to you.
Right to restrict processing: The right to require us to restrict processing of your Personal Data, i.e., you
can request that we suspend the processing of your Personal Data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to
establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c)
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend
legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding
legitimate grounds to use it.
Right to request data portability: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request the transfer of
your Personal Data to you or to a third party in a commonly used machine-readable format. Note, however, that this
right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the
information to perform a contract with you.
Right to object to processing: You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data in the
following circumstances: (i) at any time to your Personal Data being processed for direct marketing (including
profiling); or (ii) in certain other situations, to our continued processing of your Personal Data, e.g., our
processing of your Personal Data when such processing is based on our legitimate interests. In some cases, we may
demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and
freedoms.
Right to withdraw consent at any time: You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we are
relying on consent to process your Personal Data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing
carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain
products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision-making: The right not to be subject
to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you
or similarly significantly affects you. However, your right does not apply if: (i) you gave us your explicit consent
to use your personal data to make our decision; (ii) we are allowed by law to make our decision; or (iii) our
automated decision was necessary to enable us to enter into a contract with you.
Method for Requesting Information Pursuant to Your Rights
Upon request, DealNews will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If
you would like to exercise any of the data subject access rights (each, an "Access Request") please contact us using
this online contact form, and we will send you a Data
Subject Access Request Form. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
No Fee Usually Required. You will not usually be required to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to
exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded,
repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What We May Need from You. Once we receive your Access Request, we may need to request specific information
from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of
your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has
no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to
speed up our response.
Time Limit to Respond. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may
take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
11. How To Complain
All Data Subjects. If you have any complaint about the treatment of your Personal Data, or inquiries
regarding our data practices, please contact us as set forth in Section 12 so we may resolve any query or concern
you have.
Data Subjects Based in the European Economic Area. The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you the
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic
Area) country where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
12. No Class Actions.
YOU AND DEALNEWS.COM AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY,
AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
13. Contact Information
If you have any questions, requests or comments regarding our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, you may
contact us by postal mail, email or phone:
Please, first contact our Privacy Officer via this online
contact form.
You may also contact us at the following address:
DealNews, Inc.
203 Greene Street SE
Huntsville, AL 35801
(Last modified 20201001)
© Copyright 2020 DealNews. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Disclaimer