https://defendx.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
BY USING THE DefendX SOFTWARE® WEBSITE IN ANY MANNER YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Disclaimer of Warranty
The content contained in this website is provided by DefendX Software as a service to its customers. The information, services, content, and products contained in this website are provided “as is, as available” without warranty of any kind, express or implied. To the maximum extent permissible by applicable law, DefendX Software and its affiliates disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to any matter relating to this website and DefendX Software services, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The DefendX Software website includes content provided by third parties and users. For such content, DefendX Software is a distributor and not a publisher. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information expressed or made available by third parties (including merchants and licensors) are those of the respective third parties of such content and not of DefendX Software or its affiliates, or their respective officers, directors, employees, or agents. There are no warranties, express or implied, made with regard to the completeness, accuracy, currency, or reliability of information published by DefendX Software. You acknowledge, by your use of this website, that your use of this website is at your sole risk, and that you assume full responsibility for all risks associated with your use of this website, including responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this website.
Limitation on Liability
As partial consideration for your use of and access to this website, you agree that in no event will: (i) DefendX Software or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website content, or any site linked to this website, be liable to you in any manner whatsoever for any decision made or action or non-action taken by you in reliance upon the information provided through this website; and (ii) DefendX Software be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages, whether or not such damages were foreseeable even if DefendX Software has been advised that such damages were likely or possible.
Remedy of Defects
You agree to provide notice to DefendX Software of any defect in the website. DefendX Software may, in its sole discretion, correct such defect. YOUR SOLE REMEDY IN THE EVENT DEFENDX SOFTWARE DECLINES TO CORRECT ANY DEFECT IS TO CEASE USE OF THE WEBSITE.
Privacy Policy
These Legal Terms incorporate DefendX Software’s Privacy Policy.
Linking to this Website
You may only link to this website by linking to DefendX Software’s homepage (www.defendx.com). Linking directly to any other web page or content within this website is prohibited without DefendX Software’s prior written permission. In addition, a Website that links to this website: (a) may link to, but not duplicate, the website content; (b) may not create a frame or other border around the website content; (c) may not imply that DefendX Software is endorsing it or its services or products; (d) may not misrepresent its relationship with, or otherwise create a false affiliation, connection or association with DefendX Software; and (e) may not use the DefendX Software trademarks, service marks, colors, logos or any other brand features of DefendX Software without the express written permission of DefendX Software.
Links To Third Party Sites
If you choose to click on certain links on this website, you will link to third party websites. The linked sites are not under the control of DefendX Software and DefendX Software is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. These links are provided for your convenience in accessing other sites that may be of interest to you, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by DefendX Software of any such linked site or its contents. Any opinions or recommendations expressed on such sites are solely those of the providers of such websites and are not the opinions or recommendations of DefendX Software. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to our website, you do so entirely at your own risk. You should note that the privacy policy of the third party will govern the use of the information that you provide to that party and the use of that party’s website. Of course, our privacy policy no longer applies to the information you provide to the third party or the use of that party’s website while you are on that party’s website.
Your Submissions
DefendX Software appreciates hearing from its patrons. You acknowledge and agree that by submitting any creative ideas, inventions, suggestions or materials (your “submission”) you grant DefendX Software a royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable, license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display your submission (in whole or in part) worldwide and to incorporate your submission in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed without any notice or compensation to you.
Changes and Applicable Law: Arbitration
We reserve the right to make changes to our website and these terms and conditions at any time. We encourage you to review the website and these terms periodically for any updates or changes. Your continued access or use of our website shall be deemed your acceptance of these changes and the reasonableness of these standards for notice of changes. Use of the DefendX Software website and purchased products through DefendX Software shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Massachusetts, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between you and DefendX Software shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Chelmsford, Massachusetts.
Your Consent and Changes to these Terms of Use
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal or unenforceable, then such section shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent necessary and the remainder (including any revised portion of the agreement) shall remain and have full force and effect.
Search for:
Archives
February 2020
November 2018
September 2018
August 2018
January 2018
September 2017
June 2016
November 2015
January 2015
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
August 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
June 2012
May 2012
February 2012
January 2012
December 2011
September 2011
June 2011
August 2010
July 2010
September 2009
May 2009
February 2009
September 2008
April 2008
January 2008
October 2007
September 2007
August 2007
May 2007
April 2007
March 2007
February 2007
January 2007
December 2006
November 2006
October 2006
September 2006
July 2006
June 2006
May 2006
February 2006
January 2006
March 2005
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Detailed information can be found on DefendX Privacy Policy Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.