https://deitel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy will explain how Deitel & Associates, Inc. (“Deitel”) uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.Topics:What data do we collect?How do we collect your data?How will we use your data?MarketingWhat rights you have over your dataWhat are cookies?How do we use cookies?What types of cookies do we use?How to manage your cookiesGoogle reCAPTCHA v3Privacy policies of other websitesChanges to our privacy policyHow to contact usWhat data do we collect?Deitel collects the following data:Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.) entered through contact forms.Comments — When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.Media — If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.How do we collect your data?You directly provide Deitel with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:Register online or register for our opt-in e-mail newsletter.Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.How will we use your data?Deitel collects your data so that we can:Manage your account — For users who register on our website (if any), we store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their own personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.Send you e-mail notifications if you’ve subscribed to our blog or registered for our e-mail newsletter.Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.MarketingDeitel would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like. We will do this only if you’ve subscribed to our blog and a blog post contains information about products and services of ours, or if you’ve subscribed to our opt-in e-mail newsletter.If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please send an email to deitel@deitel.com.What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.      If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: deitel@deitel.comOr write to us: Deitel & Associates, Inc. 365 Boston Post Road, Suite 343 Sudbury, MA 01776CookiesCookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technologyFor further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.How do we use cookies?Deitel uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:Keeping you signed inUnderstanding how you use our website via Google AnalyticsServing advertisements via Google AdsenseIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.What types of cookies do we use?There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:Functionality – Deitel uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.Advertising and Analytics – Deitel uses Google Adsense to serve advertisements and Google Analytics to understand how our visitors use our website. These cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. For an explanation of the cookies Google uses, visit https://policies.google.com/technologies/types.How to manage cookiesYou can set your browser not to accept cookies, and allaboutcookies.org tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.Google reCAPTCHA v3Forms on this website use Google reCAPTCHA v3 to prevent SPAM. See Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.Privacy policies of other websitesDeitel.com contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.Changes to our privacy policyDeitel keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on January 19, 2020.How to contact usIf you have any questions about Deitel’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.Email us at: deitel@deitel.comOr write to us: Deitel & Associates, Inc. 365 Boston Post Road, Suite 343 Sudbury, MA 01776Follow Us
Follows
Recent Posts Welcome to the New Deitel.com Are You Just Getting Started in Java Programming?ArchivesJanuary 2020CategoriesGeneralGetting StartedProgramming LanguagesJava
Pin It on Pinterest
We use cookies to ensure the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are OK with cookies. You may use your web browser's capabilities to disable cookies, but some aspects of our website might not work correctly. To learn how to disable cookies in your browser, visit allaboutcookies.org.OKPrivacy policy