http://devdaily.com/privacy
alvin alexander
favorite books
Privacy Policy
By Alvin Alexander. Last updated: March 23, 2020
The alvinalexander.com website is owned and operated by Valley Programming, LLC, of Broomfield, Colorado (valleyprogramming.com). This page describes the Privacy Policy for the alvinalexander.com website. Please see the Terms and Conditions page for additional information.
Basic statement
In regards to AlvinAlexander.com (formerly known as devdaily.com), we don’t attempt to track you in any way, shape, or form. In general we’re just glad you came to visit, and hope you’ll come back again.
Cookies and data
Cookies
As of March 22, 2020, this website no longer uses cookies. All of the pages that you see are statically generated, meaning that they are plain text files on the server.
The site previously used cookies because the Drupal CMS needed them for some reason, but this site no longer uses Drupal.
Data
The static files just mentioned are served by a web server, and that server writes log files when people access web pages. That being said, the only times we ever look at those log files are when we’re trying to resolve a technical problem on the website. Historically, that means that we look at those files maybe ten times a year, probably less, and again, it’s only to troubleshoot problems.
Mailing list
If you sign up for the alvinalexander.com mailing list, that is used to tell people about website updates, and also to let them know if they’ve won a prize in one of our contests.
Three caveats
Now, beyond what is “tracked” by alvinalexander.com, which is basically the nothingness described above, there are three caveats that need to be shared.
Caveat 1: Google Analytics
The first caveat to share is that this site uses Google Analytics. It’s generally just used to understand aggregate traffic flow, particularly which pages are most popular. If you can imagine owning a website like this, if we’re writing about certain topics and nobody cares about those topics (old topics like JFS, JBuilder, etc), well, from an income standpoint we’re wasting our time. So we use Google Analytics as a tool to see what pages are popular (or not popular).
Caveat 2: Advertisers
The second caveat is that other companies are allowed to place advertisements on this website. Most of the ads come from Google’s AdSense product, but a few other ads may come from Amazon’s Affiliate Program, and a few other ads come from a company called Commission Junction. Please see their websites for their privacy policies.
Caveat 3: Links to Amazon
A final caveat is that when we link to products on Amazon, we use their “Affiliate” tools to create the links. The way this works is that by being an Amazon affiliate, when we look at a product on amazon.com they have a little tool that makes it easy for us to create a shortened link to that product page. We then use that link on this website, and if someone clicks on the link and buys that product on Amazon, we get paid a small amount for “referring” that person to Amazon.
Specifically in regards to links to Amazon.com, Amazon requires that we state, “As an Amazon Associate I (Valley Programming, LLC) earn from qualifying purchases.”
books i’ve written
Showing Scaladoc and source code in the Scala REPL
Design patterns and beautiful views
How to catch the ctrl-c keystroke in a Scala command line application
It’s amazing what comes up during dreams
Scala Ammonite REPL: How to add/paste multiline input
Links:
front page
alvin on twitter
search
privacy
terms & conditions
alvinalexander.com
is owned and operated by
Valley Programming, LLC
In regards to links to Amazon.com, As an Amazon Associate
I (Valley Programming, LLC) earn from qualifying purchases
This website uses cookies: learn more