https://devnrise.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
The privacy policy of a company DEVNRISE, Reg. no. 50203165131 (further DEVNRISE) registered in the Latvian Commercial Register sets out our information collection and distribution practices in relation to the devnrise.com  website and its mobile version applications and other services that we provide to users (hereinafter referred to as “Services”). With our services, you agree that we are collecting and using personal data or other information that you provide during the use of services, according to the company's Privacy Policy. We will not divulge your personal data to others except in the cases mentioned in this Privacy Policy. With services, you agree that we are collecting and using personal data or other information that you provide during the use of services in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We will only process your personal information in Latvia in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data and other applicable privacy laws. Data security and use Users do not need to register or submit personal information before viewing or accessing a website. The information collected is related to how many customers visit a website whose pages look at what kind of information is downloaded, what kind of web browser and operating system are using, what is the name of the Internet service provider, etc. When visiting the “DEVNRISE” website devnrise.com , the information is collected automatically. This information is intended to learn how the website can be better adapted to visitors' needs. Accrued Customer Personal Data DEVNRISE will be processed to provide the customer with information about “DEVNRISE” products and services, according to Privacy Policy. If the customer wants to use the service provided by DEVNRISE and it’s partners, the customer will be asked about his name, email address and telephone number. DEVNRISE is entitled to use the information provided by the customer for the purpose of ensuring the company's activities, with a view to creating cooperation, informing the customer about products and services, ensuring the availability of information to the customer online, and to personalising and improving the activities of the Site. This may take the form of promotional offers for products and new types of service prepared according to customer wishes and demand, provided to the customer online or via email with appropriate client consent, or in accordance with regulatory requirements. DEVNRISE will undertake processing of personal data by applying internal procedures and controls to prevent unauthorised use, access, disclosure, copying, modification or damage of personal data and all reasonable means to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal data. DEVNRISE will process Personal Data only in good faith and in accordance with the Law and will not use Personal Data for purposes that do not meet the purposes for which “DEVNRISE” has received Personal Data. In order to ensure the Privacy Policy, DEVNRISE has been developed and will be guided by the “Security Policy for Information Systems” and “Internal Information Systems”. Cookies DEVNRISE collects data on a website user using cookies to improve the services available to users. Cookies are files that websites place on users computers to recognize a user and make it easier for it to be used. You can configure Internet browsers so that they warn customers about using cookies and choose whether the customer agrees to accept them. The non-acceptance of cookies will not prohibit the client from using the Site, but it may restrict the use of the Site. Additional information about cookies, as well as how they can be managed or deleted, can be obtained on the website www.aboutcookies.org. Using cookies DEVNRISE website devnrise.com uses cookies to allow the website to remember:
have you already agreed that we use cookies on this site; Vimeo cookies, unique identifiers that are assigned to your computer to follow the views of the vimeo video; A Google Maps cookie that records the use of the card.
Google Analytics DEVNRISE website devnrise.com sets up “Google Inc” cookies created by Google Analytics. The use of “Google Analytics” cookies is the improvement of the content quality of the DVI website and customization of content for user needs. You can see more about Google Analytics Terms of Service on the website http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. If you want “DEVNRISE” company not to get information about your activities on the devnrise.com website, you must activate the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881) supplement. This supplement communicates with Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to indicate that you do not need to send data for the relevant website visit to Google Analytics. Third parties During its activities, we use other companies that help and assist DEVNRISE and its customers in carrying out commercial activities in order to implement relevant cooperation. However, in such cases, DEVNRISE will require the recipients of the data to use the information received only for the purposes for which the data were transferred and in accordance with the requirements of the applicable regulatory enactments. These companies may not use this information for other purposes and must ensure the confidentiality of information. Messages, selection and control DEVNRISE can communicate with you on such topics as special offers, service offers, service updates, tenders, and substantial changes to our Privacy Policy. By providing us with your email address and/or mobile phone number, you agree to receive such messages. You fully control the personally identifiable information you provide to us on this website. You can change your choice at any time with regard to future communication by sending information to the e-mail info@devnrise.com. Or if you want to, express your desire to delete your data. Please note that if you refuse to receive messages, it may affect the services you have chosen to get from us if the condition for having these services is the acceptance of such notifications. Hyperlinks and references Other websites available with the use of services (via hyperlinks and ads or otherwise) have their own privacy and data collection, use and disclosure policies. Please consult privacy policies before use. We do not verify the privacy policy of third parties and we are not responding to their privacy practices, the availability or reliability of the services provided or the accuracy or completeness of their content. Adjustments and changes to privacy policy DEVNRISE is entitled to temporarily amend these Privacy rules at its discretion. Contacting us It is important for us to know the views of visitors, so if you have questions about how we collect, store and use your personal information and data, please contact us in one of the following ways:
call us in Latvia to telephone number +371 67551357; write to us on an e-mail address – info@devnrise.com; write to us on the following postal address (with “About online privacy”): DEVNRISE, Brivibas Sreet 137B, Riga, Latvia, LV – 1012, or “Smart Start”, Puces Street 47-31B, Riga, Latvia, LV – 1084.
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and for our marketing. By continuing to use this website you thereby accept the use of cookies. Read more about cookies and how you can disable them.
Ok, Hide it