https://devwave.com/legal/privacy.asp
Home
Products
Home Inspection
Painting Estimating
Art Gallery Management
Picture Drop for Word
Services
Website Design
Website Hosting
Software Development
Purchase
Estimate Works
Purchase Single User Version
Purchase Multi User Version
Export for QuickBooks
Purchase Renewals Updates
Purchasing Options
Inspect Express
Purchase Inspect Express
Home Inspection Checklists
Purchase Renewals Updates
Gallery Express
Purchase Gallery Express
Purchase Renewals Updates
Purchasing Options
PictureDrop for Word
Miscellaneous Purchases
Company
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
About Us
Support
Contact
Search Website...
Share This
Software Features
Program Overview
Estimating Forms
Details & Totals
Payments & Dates
Client Management
Schedules Appointments
Materials & Rates
Reports & Exports
Custom Templates
Inserting Images
Quickbooks® Export *
Client Testimonials
DevWave
is dedicated to protecting you and your privacy. Please
read the privacy statement below:
We can be reached via e-mail at info@devwave.com,
alternately you can use our on-line
contact form or reach us by telephone at (250) 743 1940 Monday
thru Friday PST.
We collect only the information
volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site
registrations and e-mail list membership.
The information we collect is used
for internal review to improve the content of our Web site, to customize
the content and/or layout of pages on our site for individual consumers
and to notify consumers about updates to our Products, Services, and or
Web site. This information is not shared with other organizations. If
you feel your name has been subscribed to a list in error, please
contact us at webmaster@devwave.com,
providing the e-mail address that was incorrectly subscribed and the
name of the list it was subscribed to so we can remove your address from
our list.
Ecommerce privacy:
DevWave Software Inc. offers on-line
purchasing for our products through a secure web
server. Transactions are completed using Moneris Solutions - North America's leading processor of debit and credit card payments processing.
Personal credit card information is submitted directly to Moneris over a
secure connection and is not stored by DevWave Software.
Our ecommerce site
is secured using a GeoTrust Digital
Certificate. This ensures that all information you send to us via the World Wide Web will
be encrypted.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to
advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous
visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous
visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using
the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an
advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the
Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use
cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the
www.devwave.com website. Of course, any data collected will be used
in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy
policy.
Online Help