https://dino-software.com/dino-privacy-policy/
z/OS Mainframe Enterprise Management, Analysis, Protection, and Repair Solutions
Toggle navigation
PRODUCTS
T-REX
UDM | Universal Data Manager
VR | VELOCI-Raptor
HSA | HSM Adminisaurus
TERADON
RTD | RealTime Defrag (z/OS, DB2)
XTINCT
SUPPORT
Technical Support
DINO Product Distribution Request
DINO Product Service Schedule
DINO Product Version z/OS Support
TECH TALK
WEBINARS
NEWS
VIDEOS
ABOUT
Best Work Conditions Ever Gallery
DINO Ad Image Gallery
CONTACT
Home
/
DINO Privacy Policy
DINO Privacy Policy
DINO Software Corporation (“DINO,” “we,” “our,” “us”) provides this policy to explain our commitment to respecting and protecting your privacy and our practices for any information we collect.  This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our websites.
If you do provide information to DINO, we will treat it confidentially and NEVER share, sell, rent or distribute your information to outside parties or entities.  With your permission, DINO may occasionally send you e-mail regarding webinars, technical whitepapers or articles, and product offerings or upgrades.
Information collection
DINO collects some reasonably appropriate personal information provided by you when you fill in forms on our Sites or by corresponding with us.  The types of personal information we collect will depend on the transaction or communication we have with you.  In general, we collect and maintain personal information directly from the individuals about existing and prospective customers.
Information Usage
The personally identifiable information gathered from our websites’ forms may be used to:
Provide information periodically to you about our products and services
Ask for your participation in an event or survey
Personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
Improve our website to better serve you
Assimilate broad demographic trend information about Site visitors
You may unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time via the unsubscribe link provided in all email communications.  We will never share, sell, or rent your personal information to any other parties.
Personally Identifiable Information
DINO will NEVER share, sell, rent, or distribute your personally identifiable information with any other parties or entities.
Information protection
Our websites are scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Our websites implement secure connections using SSL when data gets transmitted from your web browser to DINO.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.  We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
DINO also uses Google Analytics for obtaining specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium and keyword used to visit our Web Sites. Google Analytics does not store any visitor-specific data.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our websites, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our sites’ policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our websites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users can change their personal information by:
Logging in to their account
Contacting us and requesting a change
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us atsales@dino-software.com, and we will promptly remove you from ALL
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can opt out via the unsubscribe link in our emails, and we will promptly remove you from ALL
Children
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
Our websites are not intended for children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
DINO is committed to your privacy.  Any revisions made to our privacy policy in the future will be updated on this page. Your continuance to use our sites following any such change establishes your agreement to the changes to the privacy policy.
DINO will use best efforts to comply with this privacy policy.  If we are informed of or learn about any failure to comply with this statement, we will take prompt action to correct it.
Contact
Any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy are welcomed; please email us at sales@dino-software.com.
Updated:  May 25, 2018
Contact Dino-Software Corporation
P.O. Box 7105
Alexandria, VA 22307
Phone: 703-768-2610
Fax: 703-765-7588
Email: sales@dino-software.com
Tech-Support:
800-480-3466 | 800-480-DINO
Email: support@dino-software.com
Billing: finance@dino-software.com
Privacy Policy
View Our Videos:
Company
Title
First Name
Last Name
Email address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Copyright © 2020 — Dino-Software. All Rights Reserved
Designed by WPZOOM