https://discagainstcrime.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Home / Privacy Notice
Littoralis Privacy Notice; Effective 1/10/20
Littoralis takes your privacy and the security of your data extremely seriously. Please read this Privacy Notice to learn more about how we collect, store and use your information, when you interact with us through our website, when you contact us by any means, when you subscribe (opt-in) to our mailing list and when we collect data about you from published sources, for example your organisation’s website.
If you are a customer, this Notice should be read alongside our Privacy Notice for Customers.
What does this Privacy Notice cover?
This Privacy Notice covers how we use the data that we gather about you, when you are using our website, when you subscribe to our mailing list, or when you contact us. It also covers cases where we may hold information about you that you have not provided to us directly, i.e. data that we have collected from published sources, such as your corporate website. We collect certain types of information, including information that identifies you as an individual (which is termed “personal data” or “personal information”).
Information provided to us by you
When you submit a form on our website, e.g. to contact us or to register for a webinar, or subscribe to our mailing list, we collect the personal information that you provide to us. This will include your name, your phone number, your email address, the name of the company or organisation you work for and your job title or role, and/or any other contact information you choose to provide to us at that time.
When you email us or call us, we will collect contact information from you, to keep a record of your enquiry and to help us respond to it appropriately.
Information collected automatically
When you use our website, we collect information about your visit. Your device’s IP address, the website you were referred from, the time and date of your visit and the pages you viewed during your visit are logged.
This website also uses cookies. For full details about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Information page.
Information not provided to us by you
We may collect information about you from published, third-party sources, such as your corporate website or your professional networking profile(s). Where available, this will include your name, your email address, your phone number, your company or organisation’s name and your job title or role.
How do we use your personal information?
We use the information you provide to us, or that we collect about you to:
Create and maintain a ‘contact’ record in our CRM database; we use this to store your contact details and to keep a record of our interactions with you
Provide our services to you, where applicable
We will also use this information to communicate with you, by email or by other means, about our services. You will always be able to ‘opt-out’ of such communications at any time (see the “Do I have a choice?” and “Your rights” sections below).
We use the information that is collected automatically when you visit our website to:
Monitor the performance and use of our website
Improve our website and related services
Help ensure our website remains safe and secure
We will never use your information for automated decision-making or profiling purposes.
How long will my information be kept for?
Information that you provide to us, or that we collect about you, will be kept until either
We become aware that you have left the role, or the organisation you worked for, when the data was collected, or
You object to (opt-out of) us processing your information, or
(if you have subscribed to our mailing list) you unsubscribe, or
A maximum of 5 years from the date you last contacted us
Whichever is sooner.
Personal information collected automatically will be stored in our server logs for one month from the date of collection before being destroyed. Anonymised data (non-personal information that cannot be linked to any individuals) about all website visits are retained for statistical and analytical purposes.
How do we share and disclose your information to third parties?
We will never sell or rent your information to anyone, under any circumstances. We will process your data for our legitimate business interests, including for direct marketing purposes. This processing includes adding your name, email address and job title to our email marketing list. We use Mailchimp to manage our email marketing list; their Privacy Policy can be found here. Mailchimp datacentres are located in the USA, which means that your basic contact information (name, email address and job title) will be transferred out of the EEA.
What are Legitimate Interests?
“Legitimate Interests” means the interests of our company in operating, managing and growing our business. For example, we have a legitimate interest in ensuring that marketing and other information we provide is relevant to our current and prospective customers. We also have a legitimate interest in determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
When we process your personal data for our legitimate business interests, we will always balance and consider any potential impact the processing would have on you and on your rights under data protection and e-privacy laws. We will never use your information where our interests would be overridden by the impact the processing will have on you, unless we have your prior consent for this, or we are required to do so by law.
Is my personal data secure?
We take the security of your data extremely seriously and employ appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect the personal information we hold from unauthorised access, disclosure or alteration and from destruction, loss or misuse. Regrettably no system or process can guarantee perfect security and there is always a very small risk of unauthorised access or disclosure, or of hardware or software failure, or other factors that could compromise the integrity and/or security of the data we hold.
Do I have a choice?
You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time. If you wish to do so, please contact us using the information provided below, or click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of one of our marketing emails. Please note that if you do opt-out we must still retain your email address on a “suppression list”, to ensure that we do not contact you again without your permission. Unless you are a current or ex-customer, all other personal data we hold about you will be erased when you opt-out (please refer to our Customer Privacy Notice for details about how we use customer data).
Should you change your mind, you can re-subscribe to our mailing list by clicking here.
Your rights
You have the right to:
Request confirmation of whether we hold any of your personal information and, if we do, request a copy of it (this is known as a “subject access request”)
Require us to rectify any information we hold about you that is incorrect
Object to, or withdraw your consent to us processing your personal information (opt-out)
Lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you feel that we are processing your personal information unfairly or are doing so contrary to your rights and freedoms.
If you would like to opt-out, please contact us using the information provided below, or click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of one our emails.
If you would like to submit a subject access request, please contact us using the information provided below. We will not charge you for this, unless you have previously made a request and the information we hold about you has not changed. Please note that we will need to verify your identity before we can release any information to you.
If you wish to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, please visit https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Hyperlinks to other websites
From time to time our website may include hyperlinks to other websites that are not under our control (“third-party websites”). We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to, any third-party websites we link to.
Contacting us about this Notice
If you wish to contact us about this Privacy Notice, please send a detailed email to dataprotection@littoralis.com. Alternatively, you can write to us at
Littoralis Ltd,
Suite 210, 91 Western Road,
Brighton,
BN1 2LB
United Kingdom
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Notice is kept under review and may be updated from time to time. You can find out when this Notice was last updated at the top of this page. If there are any changes to the way your data is processed, the purpose for which we process it or our legal basis for doing so, we will contact you to let you know.
Need a one-to-one discussion or demonstration?
We’re happy to schedule a one-off webinar/conference call – it’s efficient and easy to set up. If you need a visit, we’d be delighted to come to see you.
GET IN TOUCH
DISC ApplicationsDisc for Watch Groups
Disc for Business Improvement Districts
Disc for Retailers
Disc for Police
Useful LinksThe Disc System
Compliance by Design
About Us
FAQs
Contact us
Suite 210, 91 Western Road, Brighton, BN1 2LB,
United Kingdom
enquiries@littoralis.com
01273 900468
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device.
Accept
Read more