http://diskcopy.com/privacy-policy
Media Duplication
Packaging Services
CD/DVD Replication
HomeServicesMedia DuplicationSD & Micro SD Card DuplicationUSB DuplicationCD/DVD DuplicationCF Card DuplicationExternal Hard Drive DuplicationPackaging ServicesSD Card PackagingUSB PackagingCD/DVD PackagingStock DVD/CD PackagingCustom DVD/CD PackagingCF Card PackagingCD/DVD ReplicationProductsBulk Custom USB DrivesCustom SD CardsVideo BrochuresPower BanksCustom External Hard DrivesPortfolioBlogCase StudiesResourcesFile Transfer & PreparationTestimonialsFAQ'sTemplatesDefinitionsAboutOur ExpertiseManagement TeamCompany HistoryContact UsRequest a Quote
Media Duplication Services   |   Toll Free: 800-551-3475   |   Phone: 440-460-0800
Media Duplication
Packaging Services
CD/DVD Replication
Privacy Policy
General
Diskcopy LLC respects your concerns about maintaining the privacy of your data that is submitted and/or obtained through your use of the website. This Privacy Policy only applies to Diskcopy LLC's Website and does not apply to data collected on any other Website, including other Websites to which this site may link.
Aggregated Information
Diskcopy LLC collects and stores personal and non-personal information in aggregate form. The data is collected and stored for statistical and other analytical purposes.
Personally Identifiable Information - Personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify you, and that you provide to
us, such as your full name, email address, postal address, phone number, company name, associated company information, etc.
The primary reason we collect personally identifiable information are to provide access to certain content and services, contact you, and understand your use of our site.
Non-personal Information -
Non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you.
Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous.
Non-personal information is collected on an ongoing basis and relates to the number of visitors to the website, which pages visitors access, the type of browser, IP Address and operating system used, the name of the Internet Service Provider, etc.
Personal Information Collected on This Site
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not use or otherwise disclose any of the personal data that you provide.
How Diskcopy LLC Uses Your Information
In the course of our normal service and business operations, or when we think it may benefit you, we may disclose all of the information that we collect, as described above, within our family of affiliated companies and business lines, if any.
The sharing of information among affiliates is permitted by law.
From time to time, we may allow non-affiliated companies to extend offers of products and services when we feel that such products and services might be of special value or of particular interest to you.
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to non-affiliated persons as required or permitted by law.
We may process your personal data that we receive through a submission from you via this Website.
We may use your personal data in aggregate form for internal statistical purposes, for the direct marketing of events.
Additionally, we are a recognized Google Partner and utilize Google Analytics, including the following:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting; and
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes, including the collection of data via advertising cookies and identifiers.
We may use Google cookies to obtain personal and/or non-identifiable information about the visitors to our Website.
We do not use or share this information with third-party vendors.
If you prefer that we not disclose nonpublic personal information about you to nonaffiliated third parties, you may opt out of those disclosures – that is, you may direct us not to make those disclosures (other than disclosures required or permitted by law).
We will continue to respect your privacy even after your relationship with Diskcopy LLC ends.
In addition, should you wish to opt-out of any of the Google Analytics set forth above, you may direct us accordingly, or visit the Google Analytics' page at the following address:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Online Advertising
Diskcopy LLC believes in transparency and consumer choice as it relates to online advertising it places for itself and its clients.
Diskcopy LLC makes every effort to work with third-parties that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), their associated self-regulation policies, and offer you, the consumer, the ability to opt-out of their members' online behavioral advertising.
The site can be found at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/#completed.
Please note that Diskcopy LLC's Privacy Policy applies only to Diskcopy LLC.
Other entities who may be advertisers or have links on the Website are independent businesses who will have their own separate privacy and data collection policies and practices which are independent of Diskcopy LLC. Such separate policies and practices will govern the future handling and disclosure of your personal information where such information is provided by you to them.
We may use interest-based advertising, including Remarketing, with Google Analytics in connection with other Google services.
We have adopted Google's policies applicable to those Google services (like the Google AdWords Policy for Personalized advertising found at https://support.google.com/platformspolicy/answer/3013851) and its (sensitive category restrictions, found at https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/143465?authuser=0#sensitive)
and the (DoubleClick Services Platform Program Policies found at https://support.google.com/platformspolicy/answer/3013851).
The above notwithstanding, we may disclose personal data in response to a court order or other legal obligation. In the highly unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver is appointed over Diskcopy LLC or all or any part of our assets, we may transfer your information to a third-party purchaser of the business if that purchaser undertakes to only use your personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Accuracy
Diskcopy LLC does not vouch for, and is not responsible for, the accuracy of data about you that may be supplied to us through your email or through any other submission of personal information through this web site.
Security
Diskcopy LLC will take all appropriate measures to assure the online security of transmissions to this web site. Diskcopy LLC web site and any data transmitted to or from it are protected by a secure socket layer (SSL) key which encrypts the data. All data is stored on our servers in a secure, encrypted manner. Access to those servers is strictly limited to network administrators and other authorized personnel of Diskcopy LLC, who have been trained to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of personal data under Diskcopy LLC's control. We take pride in our technology and our security policies.
Diskcopy LLC reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know how we will use the information that is collected about you.
Use By Children
Diskcopy LLC does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through our website.
Please do not allow children under the age of 13 to provide any personally identifiable information.
We recognize that protecting a child's identity and privacy online is important, and the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents.
If you become aware that such information has been provided to us by a child under thirteen (13), please contact us, so we can delete this information.
Individuals under eighteen (18) should consult with parent or guardian about the use of this Website.
Get a free quote today »
Custom USB Products
Standard
Swivel
Retractable
Metal
Browse All Styles
Services
USB Drives
Replication
Duplication
Custom Packaging
Resources
File Transfer & Preparation
Templates
FAQ
Blog
About
About Diskcopy
Our Expertise
Management Team
Company History
Privacy Policy
All Rights Reserved 2020, Diskcopy LLC - Admin Login
Website Development by Alt Media Studios