https://doc.subgit.com/display/SG/Privacy+policy+-+SVNKit
TMate Software
Products
Documentation
Support
Contact Us
Skip to content
Skip to breadcrumbs
Skip to header menu
Skip to action menu
Skip to quick search
SubGitSpace shortcutsSVN Mirror Add-onOld DocsPage tree
Browse pagesConfigureSpace tools
Attachments (0)
Page History
People who can view
Page Information
Resolved comments
View in Hierarchy
View Source
Export to PDF
Export to Word
Pages
…
SubGit
Advanced Knowledge
Legal
Skip to end of banner
Jira links
Go to start of banner
Privacy policy - SVNKit
Skip to end of metadata
Created by
Dmitry Linov, last modified on May 28, 2018
Go to start of metadata
This Privacy Policy describes, how TMate Software collects, uses and shares personal information of its customers, and what are the corresponding rights and opportunities its customers may execute. 1. How do we get your information?TMate WebsitesIn order to obtain a license for one of TMate Software products, you may be asked to sign up at one of TMate websites, such as subgit.com, svnkit.com, etc. The signup form typically includes your first and last name, your email address and your company name.When you browse our website, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. This information, however, is not stored by us. Once you leave our website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.Digital River e-commerce platformWe process payments through Shareit.com, which is a part of Digital River e-commerce platform, run by Digital River, Inc. In order to proceed your payment, they will request you to provide your first and last name, your email address, your company name, your postal address and your phone number. This information is stored by Digital River and covered by their own Privacy Policy and is also transferred to us. We do not receive or store your purchase transaction data, such as your credit card number.Atlassian MarketplaceSome of TMate Software products are distributed through Atlassian Marketplace as add-ons to Atlassian Bitbucket Server. The information you provide to Atlassian is covered by their own Privacy Policy. Yet when you install add-ons, developed by us, they transfer to us your first and last name, email address, and country name.2. What do we do with your information?When you filled in a quote or service request form at our website, we will send you the information you requested to the email address you provided.When you request a license to any of our products, we will send you the license and setup instructions to the email address you provided.If you have requested or obtained a license to any of our products, we may send you emails regarding important updates to these products, if necessary.We may also request your consent to send you information about our new products and services.3. For how long do we store your information?We store the information of all our current customers, for the maintenance period specified in the software license. We need it to contact them for support or important updates. If you have not obtained a new license to any of TMate products within a year after the end of the maintenance period, all your data will be removed from our records. If you have requested a license, but not obtained it, within a year of such request all your data will be removed from our records as well.4. Third-party servicesPurchase processingWhen you fill in a purchase request form on one of TMate Software websites, you will be redirected to Mycommerce.com, which is a part of Digital River e-commerce platform, to complete your purchase. The information you provided (your name, email address and company name) will be also transferred to Mycommerce.com. After you complete the purchase, it will be stored at their servers and covered by their Privacy Policy.MailingIn order to provide you with information, necessary for obtaining and using our software, and also for technical support, we use Google Mail service at our own domain. All information passing through Google Mail is covered by Google Privacy Policy.If we need to send an email to all our customer (e.g. in case of a critical software update), we may use a third-party mailing service such as MailChimp. In such case, we will provide such service with your name and email, and include a link to its Privacy Policy in the email we send. This data, however, will be only stored on our account at such service, may not be used by any other party and could be easily deleted by us.5. ConsentHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction and place an order, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at support@subgit.com or mailing to: TMate Software 1 Týmlova, Prague, PR, 14000, Czech Republic.6. Customer requestsIf you are a citizen of one of the EU states, according to the new EU GDPR legislation, you may request us to provide you with all personal data that is possessed by us, to amend or delete all such data, or to prevent any further amendment to it. You may do so by contacting us at support@subgit.com or mailing to: TMate Software 1 Týmlova, Prague, PR, 14000, Czech Republic.7. DisclosureWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.8. SecurityTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.9. Age of consentBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.10. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our business is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.11. Questions and contact informationIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact us at support@subgit.com or by mail to: TMate Software 1 Týmlova, Prague, PR, 14000, Czech Republic.If you think that your rights have been violated, you may lodge a complaint related to the processing of your personal data with the competent data protection supervisory authority, i.e. in the Czech Republic the Office for Personal Data Protection, with its registered office at Pplk. Sochora 727/27, 170 00 Praha 7- Holešovice, phone number: +420 234 665 111. For more information, please visit https://www.uoou.cz.----
No labels
Overview
Content Tools
Powered by Atlassian Confluence 7.4.3
Printed by Atlassian Confluence 7.4.3
Report a bug
Atlassian News
Atlassian
{"serverDuration": 1959, "requestCorrelationId": "8b2a4ecc8dff8c89"}