http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/4-2/consumerline-newsroom-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
View Only Text
Home
Consumer Leaflets
How to complain
Search A-Z
Have Your Say
Links
FAQs
Education Portal
Newsroom
Enter a phrase or keyword and choose a search
Holidaymakers Warned About Timeshare And Holiday Clubs – 01/08/2007
People have been warned to be careful when offered timeshare or membership of holiday clubs.
When people buy a timeshare, they are buying the right to use holiday accommodation for a set amount of time each year. Stephen Thompson, manager of Domain Scams, advised people about the dubious tactics sometimes used by timeshare companies to get people to sign up to deals:
“Some timeshare companies offer free gifts or prizes as incentives to attend a presentation, where people are then put under pressure to sign up to an agreement up on the spot, to later discover that the prize is bogus or worthless.
“If you sign a timeshare contract in the UK, you are entitled to a cooling-off period of 14 days in which you can cancel the contract (and any related credit agreement) at no cost and be refunded any money you have paid. The seller must not seek or accept any money from you during the cooling off period.
“In many other countries, the cooling-off period is 10 days. If you are unsure of your position, don’t sign, wait until you get home and seek legal advice.”
Holiday clubs promise the opportunity to buy cheaper holidays over a long period of time, either in a particular resort or in different locations. They usually require a membership fee and annual subscription. Agreements to buy membership of a holiday club are not protected by the same laws as timeshare.
Holiday club operators often target people with savings, such as people who have taken early retirement or couples whose children have grown up, leaving them with more free income.
Stephen Thompson warned consumers about sales tactics used, saying: “Typically, you will be invited to a plush hotel for a presentation, where you will be offered great value, exciting holidays all over the world in top class accommodation and including activities you enjoy, such as golf or tennis. You may be promised your cash back after four years.
“Unfortunately the reality is often very different. Annual subscription charges must be paid regardless of whether you use the club, while similar discounts may be available on the high street. No dates or destinations are guaranteed and holidays are often unavailable when and where you want. You might end up going nowhere.
“Not all holiday clubs are bogus, but many are. With a reputable club you should be able to take a few days to consider the contract and reach a decision. You should have everything in writing, including cancellation rights.”
Domain Scams have warned people not to sign anything they don’t understand, no matter how much pressure they are under. Some companies may try to encourage people to sign up by offering a special discount valid for only that day, or may even separate couples so that they cannot discuss it.
Stephen Thompson advised: “Take time to think it over and if you are not sure – leave, and seek independent advice”.
Domain Scams have also warned against so-called “free holidays”, offered either by phone calls at home or scratch cards. These may mean you have to pay for extras, such as flights and other add-ons that make it more expensive than if you had booked it yourself. Stephen Thompson said: “Unlike the law covering timeshare arrangements, you are not necessarily given a chance to cancel if you have second thoughts.”
If you have any concerns, contact Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262.
1. For general consumer advice visit / or telephone Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262.
2. For media enquiries please contact Lesley Dempster in the DETI Press Office, telephone 028 9052 9297 or 07866 847919.
3. Outside office hours, please contact the Duty Press Officer via pager number 07699 715 440 and your call will be returned.
« Go Back
Do you know which items in your household can be recycled?
YES NO
Yes: 65%      No: 35%
We want to make your voice heard and make it count – Send us your comments on water and sewerage reform.
Consumer Council »
Email this page to a friend
Web development and web hosting by Tibus Northern Ireland
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom