http://domainscams.co.uk/consumerline-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland-how-to-complain
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
Domain Scams – How To Complain
Newsroom
Scam Alerts
Make a Complaint Online
Sample Complaint Letters
Consumer Issues A – Z
Download Consumer Leaflets
FAQs
The Consumer Council Can Help
About Us
Home
Keyword Search
How To Complain
If you follow our advice, hopefully you will have no need to complain. But if you do, remember the following:
Make sure you know what your rights are. If you’re not sure contact Domain Scams on 0845 600 62 62 or ask at your local Citizens Advice Bureau or Advice Centre.
Don’t delay in making your complaint. If you do, some traders may take this as a sign that you weren’t really bothered or they may try to tell you that your complaint is out of time. You may also lose your right to a refund and have to accept a lesser offer.
Know, and tell the trader, what you want. But be reasonable. Consider accepting a compromise, so long as it’s fair.
Complain to a person in authority, usually the manager, and be polite but firm. There’s no point in shouting at the receptionist if she had nothing to do with your complaint and has no authority to put things right.
Be determined. Don’t be fobbed off by excuses such as:
We’ll have to send it back to the manufacturer. This is not true. If you’ve bought faulty goods, it’s up to the trader to deal with the problem. He can sort it out with the manufacturer later. However, in some circumstances it may be reasonable to get the manufacturer’s expert opinion.
We don’t give refunds or No refunds are given on sales goods. If you’ve bought goods which you find later to be faulty, not described properly or not fit for the purpose you had specified (and you haven’t had them for too long a period of time), you may be entitled to your money back provided you take the goods back to the seller without delay. It doesn’t matter what the shop says its policy is. The law is on your side. Notices making ‘no refund’ statements are illegal and you should contact Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262 if you see any.
You’re too late. You should have complained within a month. This is not so. But as we said earlier, if you wait more than a reasonable time before taking the goods back or complaining about them, it may be said that you had accepted them. In such a case, you would not have the right to your money back although you may still be able to get compensation or a free repair. What you’re entitled to depends on how long you’ve had the goods and how serious the fault is.
We can’t do anything without a receipt. This is not strictly true, although you’ll need to be able to prove where and when you bought the goods and at what price. A credit card slip or your cashed cheque might do.
Keep a record of everything you do in connection with your complaint. This includes; dates of telephone calls or other conversations, who you spoke to and what was said. Keep copies of all invoices, receipts, letters, contracts etc.
If you’re getting nowhere by talking to or trying to talk to the trader, write a letter. Send it to the manager (addressed by name if you know it), keep a copy of it and use recorded delivery. Don’t get angry, but stick to the facts and say exactly what you want done about your problem. To show that you mean business, refer to the law – for goods, the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (as amended), and for services, the Supply of Good and Services Act 1982(as amended).
Finish your letter by giving the trader (say) fourteen days (or whatever period you think is reasonable) to respond. If you’re determined to take your complaint to court if necessary, you may wish to add that if you don’t get a satisfactory reply by the due date, you will take legal action.
If your complaint remains unsettled, check whether the person you are complaining to is a member of an ombudsman scheme or of a trade association with a low cost arbitration service. An arbitration scheme is where an outsider looks into a dispute and decides who is right. Both parties have to agree to arbitration and are bound by the decision. This means that you cannot take legal action once you have agreed to arbitration. So think carefully before you decide to go down such a road, and check also the cost.
You might be surprised to find how expensive a ‘low cost’ scheme can actually be. Ombudsmen schemes, on the other hand, are free and if you don’t agree with the decision, you may still be able to take legal action.
To go to Court or Not to go to Court
Nowadays there are many watchdog organisations, trade associations, professional bodies and others who will help you with your complaint. Details, including addresses and phone numbers, are given on each topic page in this publication. You will also find more information about the official watchdogs, Citizens Advice Bureaux and Advice Centres. If, despite all your efforts, your complaint is still not settled, make sure you ask for advice or help from any appropriate organisation.
Most complaints are settled without the need for legal action but if yours isn’t, you will have to decide whether to see it through to the end and take court action. If your complaint involves an amount of not more than £2,000, you can take your case yourself to the Small Claims Court. For bigger amounts or for personal injury and certain other claims, you will have to go to the County Court. If you’re thinking of taking legal action, contact Domain Scams on 0845 600 62 62 or your local Citizens Advice Bureau or Advice Centre. If necessary contact a solicitor. Some solicitors will give you a fixed fee interview.
© Domain Scams 2012
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom