http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/10-2/consumerline-newsroom-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
View Only Text
Home
Consumer Leaflets
How to complain
Search A-Z
Have Your Say
Links
FAQs
Education Portal
Newsroom
Enter a phrase or keyword and choose a search
Send Your Scams To Trading Standards – 04/02/2008
Northern Ireland consumers lose over £100million every year on bogus lotteries, prize draws, and other scams, research shows.
Every year an estimated three million people in the UK fall victim to mass marketed scams such as bogus lotteries, deceptive prize draws and sweepstakes, fake psychics, get-rich-quick schemes and miracle health cures. Many of these scams are sent through the post, as well as by e-mail and over the phone. The research suggests that fewer than 5% of victims report the scam to the authorities.
February is Scams Awareness Month for 2008 and Trading Standards Service (TSS) wants to help consumers by giving them the knowledge and skills they need to recognise, report and combat scams.
As part of Scams Awareness Month, TSS are asking consumers to collect any scam mailings they receive during February and send them in to the Trading Standards Service at 176 Newtownbreda Road, Belfast, BT8 6QS.
Anyone who receives a particularly large amount of scam mailings can contact Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262 and arrange for them to be collected. The scam mailings collected will provide the Trading Standards Service and the Office of Fair Trading with crucial information on the latest scams.
TSS will also be going on the road this month to warn the Northern Ireland public about scams, starting at the Abbey Centre on 14 and 15 February, where TSS will be on hand to offer advice and provide a free information pack on how to spot a scam.
Trading Standards Officer Kevin McNamara says: “The people who run these scams are clever, sophisticated and well versed in the ways of getting us to part with our money. There’s a scam out there for everyone. If you let your guard down and think you won’t be fooled, then you too could become a victim. If you discover a scam or suspect a scam, tell friends and family and contact Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262.”
NOTES TO EDITORS:
1. Scams Awareness Month is part of an international initiative organised by the International Consumer Protection and Enforcement Network. The Office of Fair Trading has enlisted the support of local Trading Standards Services (including DETI’s Trading Standards Service), Consumer Direct, the Advertising Standards Authority and other consumer and industry bodies.
2. The key message of the campaign is that as scams have become more sophisticated, new methods are being used to get smart with scammers, including using new European laws, including the Consumer Protection Cooperation Regulations, closer co-operation with authorities, as well as ‘name and shaming’ companies and individuals.
3. Recent research commissioned by the Office of Fair Trading involving 11,200 interviews has found that 1,388,000 UK consumers fall victim to prize draw and sweepstake scams, 400,000 to bogus holiday clubs, 330,000 to work at home scams, 200,000 to miracle health scams, 170,000 to clairvoyant and psychic scams and 110,000 to loan scams. A copy of the research is available at www.oft.gov.uk.
4. For media enquiries please contact the DETI Press Office, telephone 028 9052 9591.
5. Outside office hours, please contact the Duty Press Officer via pager number 07699 715 440 and your call will be returned.
« Go Back
Do you know which items in your household can be recycled?
YES NO
Yes: 65%      No: 35%
We want to make your voice heard and make it count – Send us your comments on water and sewerage reform.
Consumer Council »
Email this page to a friend
Web development and web hosting by Tibus Northern Ireland
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom