http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/scam-alert/75-2/consumerline-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland-newsroom-scam
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
Domain Scams – Scam Alert
Newsroom
Scam Alerts
Make a Complaint Online
Sample Complaint Letters
Consumer Issues A – Z
Download Consumer Leaflets
FAQs
The Consumer Council Can Help
About Us
Home
Keyword Search
Scam Alert
Trading Standards warning about online ticket scams – 08/03/2011
The Trading Standards Service (TSS) is warning music and sports fans not to be conned by the increasing number of sophisticated fake ticketing sites that are appearing online.
In the last six months, TSS has received approximately 50 complaints from consumers who have lost hundreds of pounds after buying tickets from rogue websites.
Recent research from the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) reveals that one in 12 ticket buyers have been caught out by scam ticket websites, with victims losing an average of £80 each.
One complainant, Karen Wilson from Lisburn, purchased five tickets online to see Michael Buble in Glasgow. She paid £435 by credit card and was told the tickets would arrive one week before the concert. When they did not arrive, she contacted the company and was assured that a representative would meet her at the venue on the day of the concert.
With flights and hotel booked in advance, Mrs Wilson went along with her friends to the venue but there was no sign of the representative or her tickets so she ended up paying for a concert she never got to see. Thankfully, she was refunded the cost of the tickets by her credit card company.
Kerry McAuley, TSS, said: “In the last year alone, dozens of Northern Ireland consumers have lost money to scam sites, offering tickets for everything from Peter Kay’s recent gig at the Odyssey to Take That concert tickets.
“These sites offer cheap or scarce tickets to a popular event that is sold out or tickets that aren’t even on sale yet. Once consumers have paid, the tickets aren’t delivered, leaving fans disappointed and often hundreds of pounds out of pocket.”
“Event-goers are often told that a customer representative will meet them at the venue on the day but nobody turns up. Attempts to contact the scam companies to complain are often thwarted when telephone calls go unanswered or divert to a different number, or the website has disappeared.”
The Trading Standards Service is backing the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) ‘Just Tick It’ campaign, which urges event-goers to take simple steps to help ensure they are not scammed when buying tickets online.
Check these top tips from Domain Scams to make sure you are buying the real deal:
Don’t let them con you. Ask yourself: How can this website guarantee tickets to an event that is already sold out or is not on sale yet?
How has the website got the tickets to sell? Check with the venue or promoter to find out when tickets are being released for sale and when the tickets will be sent out.
What are others saying about the website? Search the internet to find out what other people’s experiences have been.
How can you contact the company? Check that you know their full geographic address and check they have a working landline phone number.
Can they provide ticket details? Ensure that the face value of the tickets and the seat location/festival area are clearly listed.
Do they provide refunds? Make sure there is a refund policy in case something goes wrong.
Pay by credit card – if the goods or services you have bought cost over £100 and you paid by credit card, you may be protected by the Consumer Credit Act. This states that the credit card company is equally liable for any defects. Therefore, should a problem arise, you can claim either from the trader or from the credit card company.
Kerry concluded: “The ‘Just Tick It’ campaign gives ticket buyers the valuable advice they need to help protect themselves from ticket scammers when buying online. Consumers can avoid falling victim in the first place by following the clear and simple advice on how to spot a scam.”
The Trading Standards Service recently ran a month-long Scams Awareness campaign, during which they revealed that Northern Ireland consumers lose millions of pounds every year on bogus lotteries, prize draws and other scams.
More information on how to avoid ticket scams is available on the nidirect website.
« Go Back
© Domain Scams 2011
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom