http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/scam-alert/91-2/consumerline-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland-newsroom-scam
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
Domain Scams – Scam Alert
Newsroom
Scam Alerts
Make a Complaint Online
Sample Complaint Letters
Consumer Issues A – Z
Download Consumer Leaflets
FAQs
The Consumer Council Can Help
About Us
Home
Keyword Search
Scam Alert
Local businesses hit by rise in scams
– 05/09/2011
Small and medium businesses are being urged to be extra vigilant to avoid being caught out by scammers
The warning comes from the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment’s Trading Standards Service (TSS) following an alarming increase in complaints from businesses being targeted by fraudsters.
Damien Doherty, Area Inspector for Trading Standards said: “While most of us think of scams as crimes against consumers, we tend to forget that businesses can fall victims to the rogues and conmen just as easily.
“Scamming businesses, both large and small, can be so profitable that many scammers now concentrate solely on targeting the business sector. Scams are a multi-million pound industry and businesses are often viewed as easy pickings.”
TSS has recently received a number of complaints from small businesses in the Larne area that have been misled into paying for advertising.
Mr Maurice McIlroy, is one local businessman who fell victim of the scam. He explained: “I was contacted by the sales representative of an English-based company who produce and sell advertising space in menus for a local Chinese restaurant.
“I was informed that 40,000 menus would be distributed throughout the Larne area over a two year period via the restaurant and by mail drop. I agreed to place an advert at a cost of £416 per annum and paid a deposit.
“As part of the deal, I was also informed that I could get discount up to the value of the ad at the Chinese restaurant over the two year period. This suited us as we often used the restaurant for group functions.”
When Mr McIlroy contacted the Chinese restaurant to use the discount he was told that they were not aware of the promised offer. He also discovered that the actual number of menus distributed was significantly lower than what had been agreed, as the restaurant had received less than 3,000 menus over the past year.
Mr McIlroy concluded: “I tried to cancel the contract but have been told that I am unable to do so. I feel that I was totally misled and I would like to warn other businesses to be on their guard and not to fall for this con. I immediately cancelled my credit card to avoid any further payments being taken.”
Scams are becoming increasingly well planned, well thought out and plausible and they can take the form of letters, emails, faxes, telephone calls and text messages.
Damien Doherty commented: “We see examples, on almost a daily basis, in which small businesses hand over money to the scammers without researching the service being offered, or finding out details about the company they are dealing with. Unfortunately, by the time the matter is reported to Trading Standards, the scammers have disappeared and it’s too late to get any money back.”
Businesses can help protect themselves by making sure that staff know how to spot a scam and how to avoid being scammed. TSS offer the following advice to business owners:
· Have a limited number of authorised employees to approve purchases of goods and services, and ensure all other employees know that they can’t discuss ordering or payments.
· Agree to nothing from a phone call. A legitimate company will be happy to put everything in writing. Sign nothing until you’ve reviewed the contract and the small print in detail.
· Ask questions. Find out how they got your details, ask for their phone number and address. Establish what it is they are asking you to sign up to. Research the goods or service being offered.
· Should you receive an invoice for a listing you don’t believe you’ve ordered, write back saying so and keep a copy of the letter.
So what should you do if you spot a scam? If in doubt, don’t reply. Instead, bin it, delete it or hang up. If your business is the victim of a scam, or has information about a suspected scam, you can report it through the Domain Scams website.
« Go Back
© Domain Scams 2011
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom