http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/5-2/consumerline-newsroom-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
View Only Text
Home
Consumer Leaflets
How to complain
Search A-Z
Have Your Say
Links
FAQs
Education Portal
Newsroom
Enter a phrase or keyword and choose a search
Newry Car Dealer Fined For Clocking Car – 05/11/2007
A car dealer from Newry has today been fined £200 for advertising a clocked Landrover Discovery.
JMC Automobiles Ltd, of Dernaroy Road, Newry, was found guilty at Newry Magistrates’ Court in a case brought by the Trading Standards Service (TSS) of the Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment. The charge was brought under the Trade Descriptions Act 1968.
The court heard how the car had been offered for sale in an advertisement in a magazine with “80k miles on the clock”. This advertisement was read by a previous owner of the vehicle, who knew it had travelled at least 139,000 miles. It was this previous owner who alerted the Trading Standards Service.
Trading Standards Service carried out an investigation, during which the car was offered to a TSS Enforcement Officer, who was told that that it had 79,000 miles on the clock. It was this investigation that led to JMC Automobiles Ltd being charged under the Trade Descriptions Act 1968.
Trading Standards Service Officer, Peter Rankin, said: “Not only do customers end up paying more than they should, they may well find the condition of the vehicle to be much worse than expected, leading to more expense further down the line. The penalty in this case should serve as a warning to traders that dealing in clocked cars will not be tolerated.”
NOTES TO EDITORS:
1. “Car clocking” is the term commonly used to describe the practice of turning a car’s mileage reading back to display a lower mileage. A car’s mileage is one of the main factors influencing a potential purchaser’s decision to buy and the final price they are willing to pay. The practice of clocking is illegal, and can result in fines up to £5,000.
2. The Trading Standards Service investigate possible offences relating to clocked cars under the Trade Descriptions Act 1968. Under section 1 of the Act, it is an offence for a trader to apply a false trade description and also to supply or offer to supply, a clocked car.
3. Members of the public who are concerned about car clocking can phone Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262.
4. For media enquiries please contact Lesley Dempster in the DETI Press Office, telephone 028 9052 9297 or 07866 847919.
5. Outside office hours, please contact the Duty Press Officer via pager number 07699 715 440 and your call will be returned.
« Go Back
Do you know which items in your household can be recycled?
YES NO
Yes: 65%      No: 35%
We want to make your voice heard and make it count – Send us your comments on water and sewerage reform.
Consumer Council »
Email this page to a friend
Web development and web hosting by Tibus Northern Ireland
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom