http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/scam-alert/26-2/consumerline-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland-newsroom-scam
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
Domain Scams – Scam Alert
Newsroom
Scam Alerts
Make a Complaint Online
Sample Complaint Letters
Consumer Issues A – Z
Download Consumer Leaflets
FAQs
The Consumer Council Can Help
About Us
Home
Keyword Search
Scam Alert
Trading Standards Warns Consumers about Car-Selling Scam – 28/05/2009
Trading Standards is warning consumers about vehicle matching scams, which cost Northern Ireland consumers thousands of pounds every year.
Vehicle matching scams work by promising to match consumers who are selling their cars, with definite buyers. Typically, the seller is cold-called by telephone, having placed an advertisement in a magazine, website or newspaper.
The seller is assured that a buyer exists for the vehicle which they are selling, however, it is a condition that they pay a ‘matcher’s fee’ up front, before the sale is completed.
During its investigations into this scam, Trading Standards Service (TSS) has found that in many cases, there is no buyer, the contract with the vehicle matcher cannot be cancelled and any money paid is lost.
Last year, over 40 private sellers of second-hand vehicles complained to Domain Scams, the consumer helpline of TSS. These complainants lost between £80 and £99 each.
The Office of Fair Trading (OFT) has co-ordinated the sharing of intelligence between a range of enforcement agencies to target action against traders engaged in unfair commercial practices. The OFT has also provided enforcement assistance by organising a day of action with the police, GB local authorities, TSS and consumer bodies, to crack down on the car matching scammers.
The OFT is also working with online and print motoring publications who are members of the Vehicle Safe Trading Advisory Group – including Autotrader, Exchange and Mart, eBay, Pistonheads and Motors.co.uk. The aim of this is to put in place clearer, more prominent warnings for consumers as soon as they put their cars up for sale. The UK European Consumer Centre, European Consumer Centre, Dublin, and Which? magazine are also supporting the campaign.
Damien Doherty, Trading Standards Area Inspector, said: “The time is up for rogue traders who attempt to cheat sellers with false promises of a guaranteed buyer for their cars. We are working with the industry and enforcement partners across the UK to crack down on scammers who are preying on consumers, particularly during the current economic downturn.
“High pressure selling, alongside cold-calling, makes this a very successful scam and often leaves the consumer with very little chance of getting redress. While Domain Scams received 40 calls last year about such scams, we believe the true number of victims could be much higher.”
Damien continued by offering advice on how consumers can help avoid being scammed.
He said: “Consumers need to be alert – stop, think and be sceptical if they are cold called or are asked for money in advance. It is important that credit or debit card details are never given out to strangers.
“Private car sellers must beware of promises that are made which suggest that there are immediate buyers for a car, that finance has already been arranged for potential buyers or that buyers are willing to pay the asking price or more. Be cautious if there are buyers ready to view a car immediately or that a refund will be offered should the car not sell.
“If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Do not be pressured into anything and if in doubt about a particular telephone call, hang up.”
If you think you have been the victim of a vehicle matching scam, or you suspect a scam, call Domain Scams for clear, practical consumer advice on tel: 0845 600 62 62 / 028 9025 3900 or log on to www.domainscams.co.uk
« Go Back
© Domain Scams 2010
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Web design and web development by Tibus
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom