http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/3-2/consumerline-newsroom-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
View Only Text
Home
Consumer Leaflets
How to complain
Search A-Z
Have Your Say
Links
FAQs
Education Portal
Newsroom
Enter a phrase or keyword and choose a search
Don’t Get Hammered By Unreasonable Building Work Charges – 08/08/2007
The Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment’s Trading Standards Service is urging consumers to be vigilant when paying for building or home improvement work.
It can sometimes be difficult to know if the charges quoted or services provided by a company or contractor are reasonable. Stephen Thompson, Manager with Trading Standards’ consumer complaint helpline, Domain Scams, therefore offers advice on the dos and don’ts of paying for such labour in your home.
Stephen said: “Before getting any building work done, you should seek a written quotation and contract, agreeing payment arrangements and start/finish dates.
“Be suspicious if you are suddenly being charged for extra expenses. If you have agreed a price beforehand, you should not have to pay for ‘extras’. Sometimes unexpected extra work will be needed, but agree the additional costs in writing before any extra work starts.”
Trading Standards also advises against paying large deposits and warns consumers never to pay the total cost upfront.
Stephen continues: “There is a risk that if you pay most or all of the cost up front that the trader will never return and you will have lost your money, while the work remains unfinished. In all cases, you should try to retain enough money to ensure the trader completes the job on time and to your satisfaction.
“If you have employed a company, do not pay the individual builder or other tradesman. Always pay the company. You should not make any final payment until you are satisfied the work has been carried out properly and meets the terms of the contract. Always ask for an invoice, including VAT, and a signed receipt for every payment made. Keep all paperwork in a safe place.
“If you’ve paid by credit card, or the work is being financed by a credit agreement arranged by the trader, the lender is jointly liable with the trader for any breach of contract if the work cost between £100 and £30,000. Tell the lender if there is a dispute.
“And finally, think carefully and take legal advice before you withhold payments as your future credit rating could be affected.”
1. For general consumer advice visit / or telephone Domain Scams on 0845 600 6262.
2. For media enquiries please contact Lesley Dempster in the DETI Press Office, telephone 028 9052 9297 or 07866 847919.
3. Outside office hours, please contact the Duty Press Officer via pager number 07699 715 440 and your call will be returned.
« Go Back
Do you know which items in your household can be recycled?
YES NO
Yes: 65%      No: 35%
We want to make your voice heard and make it count – Send us your comments on water and sewerage reform.
Consumer Council »
Email this page to a friend
Web development and web hosting by Tibus Northern Ireland
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom