https://domainsrush.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Control PanelWebmailSupport
£0.000
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: £0.00
View CartCheckout
RENEWALS Web Hosting PlansStandard Web Hosting Domain & Web Hosting 2 Domains With Hosting Web Hosting Features
ServicesDomain Registrations Domain Transfers Premium Mailboxes SSL Certificates Website Design WP Website Maintenance
Contact UsAbout GDPR Compliance Statement. Privacy Policy
ShopCart Checkout My Account
Latest News Blog Our ServersDomainsrush System Status Terms & Conditions AUP Domain & Web Hosting FAQ
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred
to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you,
or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following
carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data
and how we will treat it.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the
data controller is Domainsrush of 2 Whitsundale Close, Finedon, Northamptonshire.
NN9 5NH
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our website http://domainsrush.net
(our “site”). This includes information provided at the time of registering
an account, purchasing services from us or requesting further services. We may
also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site or the
services you have purchased
if you contact us letter or email, we may keep a record of that correspondence
if you contact us by telephone, we may record our telephone conversation for
training purposes and, if you are asking us to provide you with the use of a
dedicated hosting server, for the purposes of proving your request
we may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although
you do not have to respond to them
details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment
and administration of your orders
details of your visits to our site including, but not to, traffic data, location
data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our
own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access and use
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your
IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and
to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data
about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any
individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general Internet usage
by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies
contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised
service. They enable us:
to estimate our audience size and usage pattern to store information about your
preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual
interests
to speed up your searches to recognise you when you return to our site You may
refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows
you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you
may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted
your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies
when you log on to our site.
Where we store your personal data
The personal data that we collect from you will be stored on our servers inside
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Some of your personal data will
be transferred to PayPal for the purposes of processing your payment information.
Your personal data will also be shared with the domain registrar eNom for domain registration
requirements. Automated domain renewal email reminders will be sent on our behalf from the
registrar a month prior to expiry on your domain/account.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables
you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely
secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot
guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission
is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict
procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Specifically,
your personal data will be stored in accordance with the Payment Card Industry
Data Security Standard.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner
for you and for your computer
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from
us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted
for such purposes
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between
you and us
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you
choose to do so
to notify you about changes to our service
If you have placed an order for our services, we will use the information we
hold to send you our regular newsletter. This newsletter is our primary method
of communicating with you and will inform you of changes to our site, notify
you of planned outages and updates to our services, and keep you informed about
our services generally. By placing an order for our services, you consent to
us using the information we hold about you in this way.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means
(e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which
were the subject of a previous sale to you.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
Disclosure of your information
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing
purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend
to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information
to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent
such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your
data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Domainsrush
of 2 Whitsundale Close, Finedon, Northamptonshire. NN9 5NH
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our
partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of
these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies
and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right
of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may
be subject to a fee of £10 to meet costs in providing you with details
of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on
this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed
and should be addressed to Domainsrush 2 Whitsundale Close, Finedon, Northamptonshire.
NN9 5NH
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. We do not store personal information via cookies. Please accept that you're OK with this, you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.