http://domainscams.co.uk/newsroom/11-2/consumerline-newsroom-consumer-advice-information-consumer-rights-consumer-legislation-consumer-education-and-help-on-customer-care-from-the-general-consumer-council-for-northern-ireland
Primary menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom
View Only Text
Home
Consumer Leaflets
How to complain
Search A-Z
Have Your Say
Links
FAQs
Education Portal
Newsroom
Enter a phrase or keyword and choose a search
Trading Standards Fight Against Scammers Goes On – 26/02/2008
Trading Standards Service (TSS) is urging consumers to continually be on the look out for scams.
February was Scams Awareness Month for 2008, and it was revealed that Northern Ireland consumers lose over £100million every year on bogus lotteries, prize draws, and other scams. Consumers were asked to collect any scam mailings they received during February, and send them to TSS headquarters.
Highlighting their message that scams are ‘Scheming, Crafty, Aggressive, Malicious’ (SCAM), TSS is urging consumers not to be taken in by scams. As part of their ongoing series of Scam Awareness Roadshows, TSS will be at the Erneside Shopping Centre in Enniskillen on 6 March 2008 to offer advice and guidance, and provide a free information pack on how to spot a scam.
Trading Standards Officer Kerry McAuley says: “From the scam mailings received during the past month, we can see that a variety of mail scams are prevalent across Northern Ireland at the moment. These range from bogus lotteries, deceptive prize draws and sweepstakes, to fake psychics, get-rich-quick schemes and miracle health cures.
“We highlighted during February the cases of two pensioners who between them lost over £114,000 in lottery scams. These scams are aimed not only at the elderly but at all members of society, and often the most vulnerable.
“Always be suspicious if you are asked to send money to claim your prize. A genuine lottery or competition would not ask you to do this. Also be wary if the only point of contact given is a PO Box number. If you are asked to make a telephone call, look out for numbers beginning 090 as these are premium rate numbers.
“While the scams themselves may change, the warning signs do not.”
If you think you or a family member or friend may have been the victim of a scam, report it to Domain Scams. The Domain Scams team will be happy to advise on any consumer issues – call 0845 600 6262 or log on to www.domainscams.co.uk.
NOTES TO EDITORS:
Scams Awareness Month was part of an international initiative organised by the International Consumer Protection and Enforcement Network. The Office of Fair Trading has enlisted the support of local Trading Standards Services (including DETI’s Trading Standards Service), Consumer Direct, the Advertising Standards Authority and other consumer and industry bodies.
The key message of the campaign is that as scams have become more sophisticated, new methods are being used to ‘get smart with scammers’, such as using new European laws, including the Consumer Protection Cooperation Regulations, closer co-operation with authorities, as well as ‘name and shaming’ companies and individuals.
Recent research commissioned by the Office of Fair Trading involving 11,200 interviews has found that 1,388,000 UK consumers fall victim to prize draw and sweepstake scams, 400,000 to bogus holiday clubs, 330,000 to work at home scams, 200,000 to miracle health scams, 170,000 to clairvoyant and psychic scams and 110,000 to loan scams. A copy of the research is available at www.oft.gov.uk.
Earlier this month, Trading Standards asked consumers to collect any scam mailings they receive during February and send them in to the Trading Standards Service at 176 Newtownbreda Road, Belfast, BT8 6QS.
For media enquiries please contact the DETI Press Office, telephone 028 9052 9297.
Outside office hours, please contact the Duty Press Officer via pager number 07699 715 440 and your call will be returned.
« Go Back
Do you know which items in your household can be recycled?
YES NO
Yes: 65%      No: 35%
We want to make your voice heard and make it count – Send us your comments on water and sewerage reform.
Consumer Council »
Email this page to a friend
Web development and web hosting by Tibus Northern Ireland
Search
Domain Name Facts - know the facts, avoid being scammed
International & UK domains are registered instantly - no other company is informed of the registration and no-one can intervene
International (.com .net .org) domains can be registered for 1 - 10 years, whereas UK (.co.uk .org.uk .ltd.uk .plc.uk .me.uk) domains are registered and renewed at 2 year intervals - it is not possible to register a UK domain for anything more or less than 2 years
Domain names can be registered cheaply, quickly and easily online, you do not necessarily need an agent to register for you
Companies that sell domain names by telesales are almost always scammers
A registration company is not obliged to check trademarks and company names before agreeing to register any domain - this is the registrant's responsibility
Owning a trademark or company name does not automatically entitle you to the matching domain names
It is not possible to "earmark" or reserve a domain name
DON'T send money to companies you've never heard of
Useful Links and Resources
On this page we present links to useful information provided by third
parties on domain name scams. DomainScams.co.uk is not responsible for
the content on any third party website.
Nominet's Guide to Domain Name Scams
http://www.nominet.org.uk/disputes/legalinfo/scams
From Nominet.
Get the low-down on domain name scams from the official .uk registry.
Three Domain Scams
http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/07/12/three_domain_name_scams/
From The Register.
A useful guide to some of the different scams.
The information on this website is researched and believed to be correct, however the content of the website is largely the opinions of its users. Whilst special care is taken against posting incorrect or unresearched information, regular users' comments are not moderated and domainscams.co.uk is not responible for the thoughts and opinions of its users. Should you disagree with any of the information on this website, please email errors at domainscams.co.uk.
Home
different kinds of frauds
internet frauds examples
scammer alerts
Scams
list of scamming websites
scammer list
Domain scams
Festive Scams
Most common scams
unofficial sites offering government services.
ripoff alert
reporting a scammer
S
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – About Us
Addresses
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Addresses
Complain Online
ConsumerLine: Complain-online : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
ConsumerLine: Complain : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumer Leaftlets
ConsumerLine: Article : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Disclaimer
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Doorstep Selling
Download Consumer Leaflets
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Download Consumer Leaflets
Faqs
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Faqs
Files
ConsumerLine: Haveyoursay : Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education, and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland
Legislation
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Links
Make A Complaint Online
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Make A Complaint Online
Newsroom
poll.html
The Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Interested in Consumer Education? : An independent consumer organisation, working to bring about change to benefit Northern Ireland’s consumers.
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Privacy Policy
Report A Scam
Report A ScamReport a Scam
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Sample Complaint Letters
Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Search
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Site Map
Consumerline: Consumer advice, information, consumer rights, consumer legislation, consumer education and help on customer care from the General Consumer Council for Northern Ireland – Who can help?
Home
Beware of ALL scams
Domain scams
Most common scams
Search
Newsroom