http://dominodeveloper.net/doc/privacy
Domino SharedDomino VPSDomino Dedicatedlogin
XLoginPlease enter your login credentials.Login
XCreate New AccountPlease enter your registration details.First Name  Last Name  Email Address  Username  Password  Confirm Password  Register
Privacy PolicyDomino Developer Network, Inc. (together
with its subsidiaries and affiliates,
“DDN”), respects the privacy and security of
its customers and users of its website. DDN
strives to provide you with a personalized
internet experience that delivers to you the
information, products and services that you
need. In order to achieve this goal, DDN
sometimes collects information during your
visits to our website. We will not disclose
this information to any person or
organization outside DDN, except as
described in this Privacy Policy. This
Privacy Policy is not intended to and does
not create any contractual or other legal
rights in or on behalf of any party. We have
prepared this Privacy Policy to enable you
to understand which personal identifying
information of yours is collected, how and
when we might use your information, how we
protect your information, who has access to
your information, and how you can correct
any inaccuracies in the information.Information We CollectDDN collects certain information from and
about its users three ways: (i) from our web
server logs, (ii) with cookies and (iii)
directly from the user.Server LogsWhen you visit our website, DDN may collect
information to administer the site and
analyze its usage. DDN may collect
information such as:• your Internet protocol address;• the type of browser or computer you use• the number of links you click• the state or country from which you
accessed our website• the date and time of your visit• the name of your Internet service
provider• the web page from which you linked to our
website• the pages you viewed on our websiteCookiesWe use
cookies to save your preferences and provide personalized
website functionality. You can reject cookies by
changing your browser settings, but be aware
that this will disable some of the
functionality of our website.Personal Information You Give UsOn some pages of our website, users can
register to purchase products or services,
receive personalized content and participate
in surveys or forums. When you register, DDN
may ask you for some personal information.If you're purchasing products or services,
we may also request financial information
such as credit card or bank account
information. Any financial information we collect is used
only to bill you for the products and
services you purchased. If you purchase by
credit card, this information may be
forwarded to your credit card provider. For
other types of registrations, we will ask
for your name, address, e-mail address or
telephone number. We may then contact you
with information about DDN’s products and
services.As a security measure and to ensure that our
website and computer network remain
available to all customers, DDN may use
software programs to monitor network traffic
or to identify unauthorized attempts to
upload or change information, or otherwise
cause damage. These software programs may
also collect information regarding your use
of our website and computer network.You may also be asked to disclose personal
information to us so that we can provide
technical support assistance and information
to you. For example, we may collect personal
information from you (such as an e-mail
address, system information and problem
descriptions) in order to provide online
technical support and troubleshooting. If
you choose to correspond with us through
electronic communication (e.g. email, online
chat or instant messaging), we may retain a
copy of the electronic communication
together with your email address and our
responses. We provide the same protections
for these electronic communications that we
employ in the maintenance of information
received by mail and telephone.Finally, some pages of DDN’s website may
make chat rooms, forums, message boards,
news groups or instant messaging available
to you. Please remember that any information
disclosed in these areas is public. You
should exercise caution when disclosing
personal information in these areas. Don't
disclose information in these public forums
that might be considered confidential – such
as financial information, social security
numbers, passwords or email addresses. Users
should be aware that when they voluntarily
disclose personally identifiable information
on the bulletin boards or in the chat areas,
that information and any substantive
information disclosed in the communication
can be collected and used by third parties.
This could result in unsolicited messages
from others who post on such sites and are
beyond the control of DDN.How We Use Your InformationDDN uses the information we collect to
notify you about your account and to notify
you about changes to the terms and
conditions governing your use of our
website, products and services. We may also
use the information we collect to notify you
about other products and services we think
you will find valuable and about special
offers. You may notify us of your desire not
to receive notifications relating to new
products and services and special offers by
“opting-out” as provided for below.DDN may also provide aggregate information
about our customers, this website’s traffic
patterns and related website usage
information to our affiliates and reputable
third parties, but this information will not
include personally identifying data. We take
measures to select product or service
providers that are responsible and afford
similar privacy protections to their
customers. However, we do not make any
representations about the practices and
policies of these companies.If you don't want to receive promotional
materials from DDN or our marketing
partners, you may opt out at any time. You may "opt out" by clicking on
the box marked "I DO NOT WISH TO
RECEIVE SPECIAL COMMUNICATIONS FROM
DDN" when you register for an account
or at any time afterwards by contacting us
at info@dominodeveloper.net. Upon properly
opting-out, DDN will take reasonable efforts
to delete a user's personal information from
its database. However, please note that it
may be impossible to entirely delete a
user's information because some residual
information may reside on backups or records
of deletions.How We Protect Your InformationDDN uses technical security measures to
prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or
unauthorized disclosure of information under
our control.When we ask customers or users to provide
financial information (such as a credit card
number) that data is protected using Secure
Sockets Layer (“SSL”) technology. However,
please note that electronic communication
(e.g. email, online chat or instant
messaging) that you may send to us may not
be secure unless we advise you in advance
that security measures will be in place
prior to your transmitting the information.
For that reason, we ask that you do not send
confidential information such as financial
information, social security numbers or
passwords to us through unsecured electronic
communication.Access to Your InformationDDN will share or disclosure your personal
data in four ways:• as required by law, in a matter of public
safety or policy, or as compelled by a court
of law;• with other affiliates or partners of DDN
(as described above);• with agents and contractors who use such
information on behalf of DDN or in
connection with administering or delivering
products and services on behalf of DDN; and• as needed in connection with the transfer
of business assets.Links to Other WebsitesDDN’s website contain links to sites
maintained by other companies that are not
affiliated with DDN. We are not
responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of those sites, and we encourage you
to use caution when visiting them. In
particular, we recommend you view the
privacy policy posted on each site.How to Correct InaccuraciesIf you've registered with our website, you
can access and update your information
online within our conrol panel. Otherwise,
you may contact us at
info@dominodeveloper.net.Privacy Policy ChangesDDN hereby reserves the right to amend,
alter, modify, replace or suspend this
Privacy Policy, from time to time, in its
sole discretion. All such changes to this
Privacy Policy will be effective when posted
on DDN’s website.QuestionsIf you have any comments or questions
regarding this Privacy Policy please contact
DDN via email at info@dominodeveloper.net.