http://dyntld.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
About Oracle
Strategic Acquisitions
Oracle and Dyn
Oracle Buys Dyn
Try Dynamic DNS
Buy Dynamic DNS
Dyn—Dynamic DNS, Managed DNS, Email Delivery and Internet IntelligenceDyn Customer Logins
Dyn Customer Logins
HOME USER PORTALS
Dynamic DNS (DDNS)
Standard DNS
PRODUCT PORTALS (DYNID)
Managed DNS
Email Delivery
II – Network
II – Transit
Internet Intelligence
On November 21, 2016, Oracle announced that it signed an agreement to acquire Dyn, the leading cloud-based Internet Performance and DNS provider that monitors, controls, and optimizes Internet applications and cloud services to deliver faster access, reduced page load times, and higher end-user satisfaction. The transaction has closed.
Dyn’s solution is powered by a global network that drives 40 billion traffic optimization decisions daily for more than 3,500 enterprise customers, including preeminent digital brands such as Netflix, Twitter, Pfizer and CNBC. Adding Dyn's best-in-class DNS solution extends the Oracle cloud computing platform and provides enterprise customers with a one-stop shop for Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) and Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS).
Read the press release
Support for Dyn products
Customer Login
HOME USER PORTALS
Dynamic DNS (DDNS)
Standard DNS
EXPRESS/LITE PRODUCTS
Product Portal
Billing Portal
PRODUCT PORTALS (DYNID)
Managed DNS
Email Delivery
II – Network
II – Transit
Internet Intelligence
Support
PRODUCT SUPPORT
Managed DNS
Web Application Security
Email Delivery
Dynamic DNS
Internet Intelligence
CONTACT SUPPORT
Account Support (Email)
Account Support (Phone)
Managed DNS Support
Email Delivery Support
SUPPORT SITES
User Community
Status Updates
Information for Customers and Partners
Letter to Customers and Partners from Thomas Kurian, President Product Development, Oracle, outlining the benefits of the combination
Overview and Frequently Asked Questions (PDF)
Learn more about what the combination of Oracle and Dyn will mean for our customers and partners (PDF)
Services and Sales
Dyn customers and partners: Please use your existing contacts for professional services and sales.
Product Roadmap
Oracle is currently reviewing the existing Dyn product roadmap and will be providing guidance to customers in accordance with Oracle’s standard product communication policies. Any resulting features and timing of release of such features as determined by Oracle’s review of Dyn’s product roadmap are at the sole discretion of Oracle. All product roadmap information, whether communicated by Dyn or by Oracle, does not represent a commitment to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decisions. It is intended for information purposes only, and may not be incorporated into any contract.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Dyn, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle’s proposed acquisition of Dyn, anticipated customer benefits and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "can", "will", "look forward to", "expected" and similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Dyn that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business may deteriorate and/or Oracle or Dyn may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Dyn. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Dyn is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Learn More
See all acquisitions
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers