http://ebusiness.gbdirect.co.uk/privacystatement.html
Training |
Contact
About Us
|
Training
|
Consultancy
|
Software
|
Publications
|
Open Source
|
Support
|
Open Standards
|
FAQ
|
Jobs
GBdirect Homepage
> Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Legislation in the UK obliges us to provide a privacy statement outlining ways in which we capture and use data that may be able to indentify individuals who visit our website.
Below we list the forms of data that are potentially obtained from you when you visit our site and the purposes to which those data may be put.
Your attention is drawn to the fact that you may have certain rights of access to any personal data held.
More information about those rights is available from the official site.
Type of DataUsed For
Cookies
- a mechanism whereby an individual visitor to a website can anonymously but
uniquely be identified
We may choose to use cookies on this site:
as a way of tracking visitors' use of the site to improve its design and usability
as a way of detecting errors so that they may be corrected
as a mechanism for supporting sessions which contain information such as user
preferences, the state of shopping carts and similar selections, and similar purposes
necessary for the smooth and effective delivery of an effective website.
We will not use cookies on this site:
to obtain information that would be provided to third parties
for bulk-email or mass marketing purposes
Session Identifiers
— a mechanism whereby an individual visitor to a website can anonymously but
uniquely be identified in the absence of or in addition to the use of cookies
We may choose to use Session Identifiers on this site in the same ways as described above for
cookies.
Email addresses
Where we invite visitors to provide us with their email address we may retain that address
for various purposes:
so that we may respond to an enquiry
so that we may occasionally provide updates on our services and products
so that we may contact visitors for the purposes of obtaining their opinion on our
products and services
for automatic confirmation of subscription to certain services we may choose to offer or
where an individual is invited to submit comments, opinions or other information
intended for entry into an online database or similar resource
We will not use email addresses for
supply to to third parties for any purpose
regular mailshots, newsletters or other bulk email (spam) activities unless
prior permission has been obtained.
Information automatically provided by your browser software
Every browser (the software that is used to view web sites) automatically
provides a small amount of information about each page that it requests. In certain
cases that information may be enough to uniquely identify an individual - see
UK Dataprotection Office.
Like every other website, our software keeps that information for error detection
and statistical purposes. It is not disclosed to third parties.
We may at our discretion keep that information for up to one year before it is deleted.
It appears to be extremely difficult to comply with this legislation in its entirety; consequently we would be extremely grateful if anyone who believes that we do not so comply would contact us with their view at the earliest possible opportunity, quoting specifics and, ideally, case history. It is our intention to comply to the greatest degree possible consistent with our understanding of the (as we see it) ambiguous and loosely worded guidance available.
GBdirect Homepage
Training
About GBdirect
Clients
PGP/GPG keys
About our website
Case studies
Contact
Downloads
Environment Policy
Exec Overview
Opinion Pieces
Privacy Statement
Technical Briefings
Terms and Conditions
The Archive
Contact Us
Printer-friendly version
Top 10 Popular Courses at GBdirect
Cisco ICND 1
Crystal Reports V11 Introduction
ITIL V3 Foundation
C# 3.0 Programming
Building Effective ASP .NET 3.5 Web Applications using Microsoft Visual Studio 2008
M6419 - Configuring, Managing and Maintaining Windows Server 2008 Servers
M2261 - Supporting Users Running the Microsoft Windows XP Operating System
M2262 - Supporting Users Running Applications on a Microsoft Windows XP Operating System
MySQL Database Administration
VMWare vSphere 4 Install, Configure, Manage