https://ecards.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
eCards.co.uk
Free eCards
Login
Birthday
Astrological
All Birthday
Traditional
For Kids
Singing & Dancing
Funny
Interactive
Her Birthday
His Birthday
Topical Birthday Cards
Birthday By Date
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1974
1972
1973
1971
1970
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
Family Birthday
Christmas
All Christmas
Funny
Interactive
Traditional
Father's Day
Expressions
Congratulations
Get Well Soon
Good Luck
Sorry
Thank You
Hug & Friends
Other
Seasonal
Mothers Day
New Year
Thanksgiving
Valentines Day
St Patricks Day
Easter
Diwali
Yom Kippur
Hanukkah
Shanah Tovah
Holi
Haloween
Other
Jokes
All Jokes
Tongue & Cheek (Our Fav.)
Random
Singing & Dancing
Nasty Dog
Romance
All Romance
Anniversary
I Love You
Starting Out
Soppy
Wedding
I Miss You
Breaking Up
Astrological Love
Other
New Home
Invitations
Business
Misc.
Yes / No
Sports
Terms and Conditions eCards.co.uk Terms and Conditions..
eCards.co.uk Website Terms of Use
This page sets out important terms that apply to your use of the eCards website at eCards.co.uk.com (the "Website") and apply when you send an eCard from the Website (the "Services").
Your privacy and security
Our
Privacy Policy explains what information we collect from you,and what we do with it.
Using the Website
The Website and the Services supplied through it are provided by Web-Clubs Digital Limited, Company number 11832568, registered address, 8 Temple Square, Aylesbury, Bucks, HP20 2QH.
The Website provides a free Service, this is paid for by the advertising you see on the Website and by selling the information we collect from you to third parties.
The Website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and your use of the Website is subject to the following disclaimers and notices:-
Disclaimers
We try to ensure that the information on the Website is accurate and helpful at all times. However, we cannot warrant the accuracy of any information and cannot be held liable for any use or reliance you may make of or put on it except as specifically set out in these Terms of Use or as otherwise agreed between us in writing.
We do our best to ensure that the Website operates properly at all times,but we make no warranties as to the availability or accessibility of the Website,and (except as set out here) we will not be liable for any damages,loss,costs or expenses incurred by you as a result of any lack of availability or accessibility of the Website.
The links or adverts on the Website help to pay for the free Service we provide to you. Neither links nor adverts represent any endorsement or recommendation by us and do not mean that we have any association with the linked website or third party advertising. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are linked to or from our Website or any third party adverts. We are not responsible for the legal consequences of you entering into any contracts with the third parties that provide these linked websites or adverts and we do not accept any liability for any loss,damage,expense,costs or liability whatsoever incurred by you as a result.
We will not be liable for any loss,damage,expense,costs,delays or other liability whatsoever (including without limitation any financial losses such as loss of profit) which you may incur as a result of your use of our Website and Services (including without limitation any failure of transmission,communication,computer or other facilities or your inability to access the Website for any reason or any failure,error or delay in the sending or receiving of any notice or communication or instruction through the post or any electronic medium).
While we have made certain content and images available for use in eCards,we do not control personalised content and/or images (including photographs) sent by users and,as such,are not responsible for it in any way whatsoever.
If you receive an eCard via the Service that you think is unacceptable,you should report it to us by
emailing us at and we will deal with it at our discretion.
Nothing in these Terms of Use operates so as to exclude, limit or restrict our liability for death, personal injury or fraud. Where you deal as a consumer,nothing in the above exclusions affects your rights under law.
Intellectual Property Rights
The content of all parts of the Website and the eCards belong to Web-Clubs Digital Limited. This includes copyright in all of the text, descriptions and images. It also includes trade marks in our name and logos.
You may download to a local hard disk and print extracts from this Website for your personal use. You may also recopy downloaded extracts to others provided you do not do so for profit.
Except in relation to images and/or content that you legally upload from a source other than the Website for the purposes of personalising an eCard (and which you are legally entitled to use for other purposes),none of the content of this Website or an eCard may be copied or otherwise incorporated into or stored in or distributed via any other website,electronic retrieval system,publication or other work in any form (whether hard copy,electronic or other) and reproduction of part or all of the contents of the Website or an eCard in any form for commercial purposes is prohibited.
If you want to use any of our content for any purpose other than as set out above (which includes framing the Website) you must first contact us and obtain our permission.
If you insert an image,including a photograph,into an eCard from a source other than the Website,you must have the consent of the person whose image it is and/or the owner of that image to use that image before it is inserted into an eCard and to allow us to store the image for use by you in future eCards from time to time. In the case of images of children who are not capable of giving consent,you should ensure that the relevant consent is obtained from the child's parent or guardian.
By inserting an image into an eCard that you have obtained from a source other than the Website,you confirm that you have obtained the necessary consents referred to in the above paragraph.
We do not accept any liability whatsoever for any image inserted by you into an eCard from a source other than the Website without the consent of the person,parent or guardian and/or owner (as the case may be).
You are solely responsible for any personalised content that you include in an eCard.
You warrant that such content complies with these Terms and/or any relevant laws and regulations in force from time to time and agree to indemnify us against all legal fees,damages and other expenses that may be incurred by us as a result of your breach of this warranty.
By uploading images (including photographs) from a source other than the Website for the purposes of creating an eCard and/or otherwise personalising an eCard,you grant us a non-exclusive,royalty-free,irrevocable right and licence to use such image and/or personalised content and to sub-license such use to others for the purposes of providing the Service.
What we do
We provide a free Service to you,you provide us with information and we send eCards on your behalf or we send an eCard to you on behalf of another person. We do not take any payment from you for this Service. We will do our best to send an eCard based on the information provided,if this information is incorrect or for any reason we cannot send an eCard or the Service is not available we will not be liable to you for any loss whatsoever.
What you agree to do
When using our Website you agree that you will:-
1. use the Service and the Website only for lawful purposes;
2. accept full responsibility for any message you place and/or image you send through the Service;
3. ensure that the content of any message and/or image
you send will not contain any, defamatory, offensive, pornographic, threatening, abusive, racist, vulgar, obscene, profane, indecent, unlawful, hateful or otherwise objectionable material or constitute an invasion of privacy and that you do not send a message and/or eCard that either will or is intended to, annoy, harass or intimidate another person;
4. ensure that any personalised content that you send, including without limitation any image obtained from a source other than the Website,does not infringe our or any other person's copyright,trade marks,patents,moral rights or other intellectual property rights of any nature;
5. not send a message and/or image which will constitute a criminal offence or give rise to a civil liability;
6. not use the Service to solicit other people to become users of competitive online services, advertise or offer for sale any goods or services,promote any surveys, contests or chain letters for any purpose whatsoever; and
7. not include hypertext links within a message and/or image you send through the Service.
What we can do
We reserve the right to:-
1. not send an eCard;
2. deny, at our sole discretion,your access to the Services and/or the Website without reason or notice and delete the contents of your account;
3. suspend your use of the Service and/or Website where you break these Terms of Use or the law; and/or
4. refer any matter to the police or the courts, where in our opinion, we consider the matter is of a criminal or illegal nature.
General Information
5.
send you occasional email newsletters from time to time.
The Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and the Website are governed by English Law and the English courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute.
We reserve the right to change the Terms of Use on which the Website and Services are offered at any time. Any changes to our Terms of Use will take effect immediately when they are placed on the Website,and will apply to all future use of the Website and the Services. You should check the Terms of Use posted on the Website before you send an eCard or use the Website, they may have changed since your last visit.
eCards.co.uk
eCards.co.uk is an online Greeting Card site. We offer free digital eCards that are sent via email,facebook and twitter.
The eCards are completely FREE to send and we have thousands of cards to choose from.
Site Links
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Real Time Activity Stream
About us
Contact
© 2019 eCards.co.uk - now part of Web-Clubs Digital Ltd. - Web-Clubs.co.uk
8 Temple Square,
Aylesbury,
Bucks,
HP20 2QH