https://ecodatarecovery.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
This privacy policy applies to https://ecodatarecovery.com owned and operated by ECO Data Recovery. This privacy policy describes how ECO Data Recovery Services collects, shares, secures and uses the personal information you provide on our website https://ecodatarecovery.com, through our Services. The use of information collected through our service shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the Client has engaged ECO Data Recovery. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Opting out policy
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to ECO Data Recovery of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further Processing by contacting us as described below. In each case, please make clear in your email what you are opting-out from. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
How long we retain your data
30 Days. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up on order placed.. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile.  Website administrators can also see and edit that information. This information will be removed from our website upon request to chuck@ecodatarecovery.com or calling 800-339-3412.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your contact information
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, at any time request we remove your information from our database by contacting chuck@ecodatarecovery.com or by calling 800-339-3412.
How we protect your data
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.                                                             We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.  Our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. You may, at any time request we remove your information from our database by contacting chuck@ecodatarecovery.com or by calling 800-339-3412.
Contacting US
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using information below.
ECO Data Recovery                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    500 N. Old Dixie Hwy. Suite 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Jupiter, FL 33458
chuck@ecodatarecovery.com
800-3393412
Call Now
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy