https://ecreations.net/terms-of-use/
Skip to contentCareersNews & PressBlog623.434.1622
The Legal StuffThe use of services from eCreations, LLC (hereafter referred to as “ECLLC”) constitutes agreement to these terms.Account Setup / Email on FileWe will setup your account after we have received payment and we and/or our payment partner(s) have screened the order(s) in case of fraud. It is your responsibility to provide us with an email address which is not @ the domain(s) you are signing up under. If there is ever an abuse issue or we need to contact you, the primary email address on file will be used for this purpose. It is your responsibility to ensure the email address on file is current or up to date at all times. If you have a domain name registered with ECLLC, it is your responsibility to ensure that the contact information for your domain account and your actual domain name(s) is correct and up-to-date. ECLLC is not responsible for a lapsed registration due to outdated contact information being associated with the domain. Providing false contact information of any kind may result in the termination of your account.OwnershipThe credit card holder is designated as the authorized owner of the account.TransfersOur transfers team will make every effort to help you move your site to us. However, we cannot make guarantees regarding the availability, possibility, or time required to complete an account transfer. Each hosting company is configured differently, and some hosting platforms save data in an incompatible or proprietary format, which may make it extremely difficult if not impossible to migrate some or all account data. We will try our best, but in some cases we may be unable to assist you in a transfer of data from an old host.Dedicated IP Address AllocationAny dedicated IP order in addition to ones provided with a hosting package may be subject to IP Justification. Justification practices are subject to change to remain in conformity with policies of American Registry for Internet Numbers (ARIN). We reserve the right to deny any dedicated IP request based on insufficient justification or current IP utilization.ContentAll services provided by ECLLC may only be used for lawful purposes. The laws of the State of Arizona, and the United States of America apply.The customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless ECLLC from any claims resulting from the use of our services.Use of our services to infringe upon any copyright or trademark is prohibited. This includes but is not limited to unauthorized copying of music, books, photographs, or any other copyrighted work. The offer of sale of any counterfeit merchandise of a trademark holder will result in the immediate termination of your account. Any account found to be in violation of another’s copyright will be expeditiously removed, or access to the material disabled. Any account found to be in repeated violation of copyright laws will be suspended and/or terminated from our hosting. If you believe that your copyright or trademark is being infringed upon, please email abuse@eCreations.net with the information required. A list of required information may be found here. If the request is of a licensing issue, we may require further documentation.Using a shared account as a backup/storage device is not permitted, with the exception of one cPanel backup of the same account. Please do not take backups of your backups.Examples of unacceptable material on all Shared and Reseller servers include:TopsitesIRC Scripts/BotsProxy Scripts/AnonymizersPirated Software/WarezImage Hosting Scripts (similar to Photobucket or Tinypic)AutoSurf/PTC/PTS/PPC sitesIP ScannersBruteforce Programs/Scripts/ApplicationsMail Bombers/Spam ScriptsBanner-Ad services (commercial banner ad rotation)File Dump/Mirror Scripts (similar to rapidshare)Commercial Audio Streaming (more than one or two streams)Escrow/Bank DebenturesHigh-Yield Interest Programs (HYIP) or Related SitesInvestment Sites (FOREX, E-Gold Exchange, Second Life/Linden Exchange, Ponzi, MLM/Pyramid Scheme)Sale of any controlled substance without prior proof of appropriate permit(s)Prime Banks ProgramsLottery/Gambling SitesMUDs/RPGs/PBBGsHacker focused sites/archives/programsSites promoting illegal activitiesForums and/or websites that distribute or link to warez/pirated/illegal contentBank Debentures/Bank Debenture Trading ProgramsFraudulent Sites (Including, but not limited to sites listed at aa419.org & escrow-fraud.com)Push button mail scriptsBroadcast or Streaming of Live Sporting Events (UFC, NASCAR, FIFA, NFL, MLB, NBA, WWE, WWF, etc)Tell A Friend ScriptsAnonymous or Bulk SMS GatewaysIRCD (irc servers)IRC Scripts/BotsPirated Software/WarezMailer ProECLLC services, including all related equipment, networks and network devices are provided only for authorized customer use. ECLLC systems may be monitored for all lawful purposes, including to ensure that use is authorized, for management of the system, to facilitate protection against unauthorized access, and to verify security procedures, survivability, and operational security. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied and used for authorized purposes. Use of ECLLC system(s) constitutes consent to monitoring for these purposes.Any account found connecting to a third party network or system without authorization from the third party is subject to suspension. Access to networks or systems outside of your direct control must be with expressed written consent from the third party. ECLLC may, at its discretion, request and require documentation to prove access to a third party network or system is authorized.We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone. Any material that, in our judgment, is obscene, threatening, illegal, or violates our terms of service in any manner may be removed from our servers (or otherwise disabled), with or without notice.Failure to respond to email from our abuse department within 48 hours may result in the suspension or termination of your services. All abuse issues must be dealt with via trouble ticket/email and will have a response within 48 hours.Sites hosted on eCreations’ server(s) are regulated only by U.S. law. Given this fact, and pursuant to Section 230(c) of the Communications Decency Act, we do not remove allegedly defamatory material from domains hosted on our server(s). The only exception to this rule is if the material has been found to be defamatory by a court, as evidenced by a court order. eCreations is not in a position to investigate and validate or invalidate the veracity of individual defamation claims, which is why we rely on the legal system and courts to determine whether or not material is indeed considered defamatory. In any case in which a court order indicates material is defamatory, libelous, or slanderous in nature; we will disable access to the material. Similarly, in any case in which a US Court has placed an injunction against specified content or material; we will comply and remove or disable access to the material in question.The language of Section 230(c) of the Communications Decency Act fundamentally states that Internet Service Providers like eCreations and many of eCreations’ other web hosting services and brands are republishers and not the publisher of content. Our service merely provides a hosting platform and space on which to host content, and any creation or publication of content on our services is the sole responsibility of the third-party user which creates or publishes the content. Therefore, eCreations should not be held liable for any allegedly defamatory, offensive or harassing content published on sites hosted under eCreations’ web hosting service(s).If in doubt regarding the acceptability of your site or service, please contact us at abuse@eCreations.net and we will be happy to assist you.Potential harm to minors is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to child pornography or content perceived to be child pornography (Lolita):Any site found to host child pornography or linking to child pornography will be suspended immediately without notice.Resellers: we will suspend the site in question and will notify you so you may terminate the account. We will further monitor your activity; more than one infraction of this type may result in the immediate termination of your account.Direct customers: Your services will be terminated with or without notice.Violations will be reported to the appropriate law enforcement agency.It is your responsibility to ensure that scripts/programs installed under your account are secure and permissions of directories are set properly, regardless of installation method. When at all possible, set permissions on most directories to 755 or as restrictive as possible. Users are ultimately responsible for all actions taken under their account. This includes the compromise of credentials such as user name and password. It is required that you use a secure password. If a weak password is used, your account may be suspended until you agree to use a more secure password. Audits may be done to prevent weak passwords from being used. If an audit is performed, and your password is found to be weak, we will notify you and allow time for you to change/update your password.Zero Tolerance Spam PolicyWe take a zero tolerance stance against sending of unsolicited e-mail, bulk emailing, and spam. “Safe lists”, purchased lists, and selling of lists will be treated as spam. Any user who sends out spam will have their account terminated with or without notice.Sites advertised via SPAM (Spamvertised) may not be hosted on our servers. This provision includes, but is not limited to SPAM sent via fax, phone, postal mail, email, instant messaging, or usenet/newsgroups. No organization or entity listed in the ROKSO may be hosted on our servers. Any account which results in our IP space being blacklisted will be immediately suspended and/or terminated.ECLLC reserves the right to require changes or disable as necessary any web site, account, database, or other component that does not comply with its established policies, or to make any such modifications in an emergency at its sole discretion.ECLLC reserves the right to charge the holder of the account used to send any unsolicited e-mail a clean up fee or any charges incurred for blacklist removal. This cost of the clean up fee is entirely at the discretion of ECLLC.Payment InformationYou agree to supply appropriate payment for the services received from ECLLC, in advance of the time period during which such services are provided. You agree that until and unless you notify ECLLC of your desire to cancel any or all services received, those services will be billed on a recurring basis.Cancellations must be done in writing via email or letter. Once we receive your cancellation and have confirmed all necessary information with you via e-mail, we will inform you in writing (typically email) that your account has been canceled. Your cancellation confirmation will contain a ticket/tracking number in the subject for your reference, and for verification purposes. You should immediately receive an automatic “Your request has been received…” email with a tracking number. An member of our team will confirm your request (and process your cancellation) shortly thereafter. If you do not hear back from us, or do not receive the automatic confirmation email within a few minutes after submitting your cancellation, please contact us immediately via phone. We require that cancellations of service are done through the online form to (a) confirm your identity, (b) confirm in writing you are prepared for all files/emails to be removed, and (c) document the request. This process reduces the likelihood of mistakes, fraudulent/malicious requests, and ensures you are aware that the files, emails, and account may be removed immediately after a cancellation request is processed.As a client of ECLLC, it is your responsibility to ensure that your payment information is up to date, and that all invoices are paid on time. You agree that until and unless you notify ECLLC of your desire to cancel any or all services received (by the proper means listed in the appropriate section of the Terms of Service), those services will be billed on a recurring basis, unless otherwise stated in writing by ECLLC. ECLLC reserves the right to bill your credit card or billing information on file with us. ECLLC provides a 10 day grace period from the time the invoice is generated and when it must be paid. Any invoice that is outstanding for 10 days and not paid will result in late fees and/or an account suspension until account balance has been paid in full. The late fees may be applied in addition to whatever else is owed to ECLLC for services rendered. Access to the account will not be restored until payment has been received.Domain renewal notices are provided as a courtesy reminder and ECLLC cannot be held responsible for failure to renew a domain or failure to notify a customer about a domain’s renewal.ECLLC reserves the right to change the monthly payment amount and any other charges at anytime.Backups and Data LossYour use of this service is at your sole risk. Our backup service runs once a day, overwrites any of our previous backups made, and only one day of backups are kept. This service is provided to you as a courtesy. ECLLC is not responsible for files and/or data residing on your account. You agree to take full responsibility for files and data transferred and to maintain all appropriate backup of files and data stored on ECLLC servers.Cancellations and RefundsECLLC reserves the right to cancel, suspend, or otherwise restrict access to the account at any time with or without notice.Exchange rate fluctuations for international payments are constant and unavoidable. All refunds are processed in U.S. dollars, and will reflect the exchange rate in effect on the date of the refund. All refunds are subject to this fluctuation and ECLLC is not responsible for any change in exchange rates between time of payment and time of refund.Cancellations requested in accordance to our Services Agreement will go into effect on the renewal date for that particular hosting package. Unless specifically requested, the account will remain active until the period expires. If the account is eligible, any request for a refund will be given on a prorated basis with any previous extended term discount withheld. Refunds are to be determined once the account has been canceled. Payments may require a refund via mailed check due to our merchant account policies and procedures.Only first-time accounts are eligible for a refund. For example, if you’ve had an account with us before, canceled and signed up again, you will not be eligible for a refund or if you have opened a second account with us.Violations of the Terms of Service will waive the refund policy.Resource UsageUser may not:Use 25% or more of system resources for longer then 90 seconds. There are numerous activities that could cause such problems; these include: CGI scripts, FTP, PHP, HTTP, etc.Run stand-alone, unattended server-side processes at any point in time on the server. This includes any and all daemons, such as IRCD.Run any type of web spider or indexer (including Google Cache / AdSpy) on shared servers.Run any software that interfaces with an IRC (Internet Relay Chat) network.Run any bit torrent application, tracker, or client. You may link to legal torrents off-site, but may not host or store them on our shared servers.Participate in any file-sharing/peer-to-peer activitiesRun any gaming servers such as Counter-Strike, Half-Life, Battlefield 1942, etcRun cron entries with intervals of less than 15 minutes.Run any MySQL queries longer than 15 seconds. MySQL tables should be indexed appropriately.When using PHP include functions for including a local file, include the local file rather than the URL. Instead of include(“http://yourdomain.com/include.php”) use include(“include.php”)To help reduce usage, do not force html to handle server-side code (like php and shtml).Only use https protocol when necessary; encrypting and decrypting communications is noticeably more CPU-intensive than unencrypted communications.INODESThe use of more than 250,000 inodes on any shared account may potentially result in a warning first, and if no action is taken future suspension. Accounts found to be exceeding the 100,000 inode limit will automatically be removed from our backup system to avoid over-usage, however databases will still be backed up. Every file (a webpage, image file, email, etc) on your account uses up 1 inode.Sites that slightly exceed our inode limits are unlikely to be suspended; however, accounts that constantly create and delete large numbers of files on a regular basis, have hundreds of thousands of files, or cause file system damage may be flagged for review and/or suspension. The primary cause of excessive inodes seems to be due to users leaving their catchall address enabled, but never checking their primary account mailbox. Over time, tens of thousands of messages (or more) build up, eventually pushing the account past our inode limit. To disable your default mailbox, login to cPanel and choose “Mail”, then “Default Address”, “Set Default Address”, and then type in: :fail: No such user here.Backup LimitAny shared account using more than 20 gigs of disk space will be removed from our off site weekly backup with the exception of Databases continuing to be backed up. All data will continue to be mirrored to a secondary drive which helps protect against data loss in the event of a drive failure.Bandwidth UsageYou are allocated a monthly bandwidth allowance. This allowance varies depending on the hosting package you purchase. Should your account pass the allocated amount we reserve the right to suspend the account until the start of the next allocation, suspend the account until more bandwidth is purchased at an additional fee, suspend the account until you upgrade to a higher level of package, terminate the account and/or charge you an additional fee for the overages. Unused transfer in one month cannot be carried over to the next month.Uptime GuaranteeIf your shared / reseller server has a physical downtime that is not within the 99.999% uptime you may receive one week of credit on your account. Approval of the credit is at the discretion of ECLLC dependent upon justification provided. Third party monitoring service reports may not be used for justification due to a variety of factors including the monitor’s network capacity/transit availability. The uptime of the server is defined as the reported uptime from the operating system and the Apache Web Server which may differ from the uptime reported by other individual services. To request a credit, please contact support@eCreations.net with justification. All requests must be made in writing via email. Uptime guarantees only apply to shared / reseller solutions. Dedicated servers are covered by a network guarantee in which the credit is prorated for the amount of time the server is down which is not related to our uptime guarantee.Reseller: Client ResponsibilityResellers are responsible for supporting their clients. ECLLC does not provide support to our Reseller’s Clients. If a reseller’s client contacts us, we reserve the right to place the client account on hold until the reseller can assume their responsibility for their client. All support requests must be made by the reseller on their clients’ behalf for security purposes. Resellers are also responsible for all content stored or transmitted under their reseller account and the actions of their clients’. ECLLC will hold any reseller responsible for any of their clients actions that violate the law or the terms of service.Shared (non-reseller accounts) / Semidedicated ServersShared accounts may not resell web hosting to other people, if you wish to resell hosting you must use a reseller account. Semi-dedicated servers are not backed up. You must maintain your own backups.Dedicated ServersECLLC reserves the right to reset the password on a dedicated server if the password on file is not current so that we may do security audits as required by our datacenter. It is the responsibility of the client to ensure that there is a valid email address and current root password on file for their dedicated server on file to prevent downtime from forced password resets. ECLLC reserves the right to audit servers as needed and to perform administrative actions at the request of our datacenter. Dedicated servers are NOT backed up by us and it is the responsibility of the client to maintain backups or have a solution for this. You may purchase an additional hard drive and maintain backups to it as the simplest solution. Please contact sales@eCreations.net if you wish to obtain a secondary hard drive. It is your responsibility to maintain backups.Price ChangeWe reserve the right to change prices and the right to adjust the amount of resources given to plans at any time.CouponsCoupons or discounts are only valid towards the initial purchase, and do not affect the renewal or recurring price.IndemnificationCustomer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold ECLLC harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable attorney’s fees asserted against ECLLC, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, its agents, employees or assigns. Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless ECLLC against liabilities arising out of; (1) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with ECLLC; (2) any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party; (3) copyright infringement and (4) any defective products sold to customers from ECLLC’s server.ArbitrationBy using any ECLLC services, you agree to submit to binding arbitration. If any disputes or claims arise against ECLLC or its subsidiaries, such disputes will be handled by an arbitrator of ECLLC’s choice. An arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association or the National Arbitration Forum will be selected in the state of Arizona. Arbitrators shall be attorneys or retired judges and shall be selected pursuant to the applicable rules. All decisions rendered by the arbitrator will be binding and final. The arbitrator’s award is final and binding on all parties. The Federal Arbitration Act, and not any state arbitration law, governs all arbitration under this Arbitration Clause. You are also responsible for any and all costs related to such arbitration.DisclaimerECLLC shall not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. ECLLC makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. ECLLC disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, no deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service interruptions caused by ECLLC and its employees.Disclosure to law enforcementECLLC may disclose any subscriber information to law enforcement agencies without further consent or notification to the subscriber upon lawful request from such agencies. We will cooperate fully with law enforcement agencies.Changes to the TOUECLLC reserves the right to revise its policies at any time without notice.We'd love to talk with you about your project!
Get on our schedule for a no obligationno pressure and no cost consultation to discuss your web or digital marketing project!Schedule Your Consultation Now!Our Offerings
Website Analysis
Website Design
WordPress Development
WooCommerce Experts
Digital Marketing
Digital & Business Consulting
Website Maintenance & Updates
About Us
Portfolio
About
Credentials
Our Team
Careers
Resources
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Visit us
2222 W. Parkside Ln.Suite 116Phoenix, AZ 85027
623.434.1622
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin
Yelp
Copyright © 2020 eCreations
×
Username
Password
Remember Me
LoginForgot your password? Get helpPrivacy Policy
Username or E-mail
Request Reset Password LinkA password reset link will be e-mailed to you.Privacy PolicyBack to
Login×Close Panel
Item added to your cart0 items in the cart ($0.00)
Continue Shopping
Go To The Cart
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.Accept