http://eiffel.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy at eiffel.com
Introduction
Eiffel Software values your privacy. This document describes the principles that we apply to protect the personal information of visitors to our site.
By accessing this site you agree to the policies described herein. If you do not agree with these policies, please do not visit this site.
Customer Information
We maintain a database of customers and prospects, consisting of information released by the people who contact us in one of the various available ways. We do not, nor will we entertain any plans to, ever make this database available to third parties.
Email Information
We periodically email notices of events of interest to the Eiffel community and others interested in Eiffel Software’s products, services and philosophy.
This information is only sent to people who have requested to be on our electronic mailing lists, including the monthly EiffelWorld newsletter.
Removal
Every information message contains instructions for being removed from the list.
Because recipients sometimes get a message through an address different from the one it which sent to (for example as a result of email forwarding or email aliases), every message includes a line specifying the address to which the message was sent. To be removed from the list, you should forward the message to unsubscribe@eiffel.com, making sure that the address line is kept exactly unchanged so that we know which exact address to remove.
Removal messages are processed automatically every 24 hours, although in case of system problems the it may take up to a few days for an email address to be removed from the database.
In the rare case that an email is sent again to an unsubscribed address – as a result of an error in the removal software, user error in sending the removal message, involuntary re-subscription, or non-receipt or the removal instructions for any reason – please send a message to abuse@eiffel.com. Messages sent to this address are read by a staff member (not a program) at regular intervals. Please explain what the problem is and include a valid return address so that we can confirm removal and resolve any source of error.
We never voluntarily send an information message to any recipient who has not requested to be on our list, or who has requested to be removed. We recognize that errors may arise and will make all reasonable efforts to make sure that they are resolved promptly and courteously.
Cookies
Eiffel.com only uses cookies when downloading the free editions of our software.
Policy changes
The policy described in this document is effective at the time of publication, but may change at any time. Changes will be reflected as updates to the present page.
"Hands down best."
"Navigation of the object model in a system is the best I have ever encountered. The IDE's ability to do this is thanks to the Eiffel Method and Language. There are no ambiguities to object references. I cannot recall the last time I used a text search to locate properties (attributes) or methods."
Larry R. (Software Developer)
"EiffelStudio your pal and lifesaver."
"The tool is always helping you to create results very quickly. We always say, 'The compiler is your friend' and that really counts for the Eiffel compiler. I can state from experience, that if the software is compiled it runs, very stable and robust, while the software always benefits from the high quality Eiffel architecture and underlying method."
Paul G. (Team Lead, Software Development)
"State of the art software development environment."
"Eiffel is the right language and EiffelStudio the right IDE (integrated development environment) if you want to develop state of the art, reliable and correct software systems."
Volkan A. (Senior Software Engineer)
EiffelStudio
Overview
Screenshots
System Requirements
Licensing
Downloads
Purchase
Values
Design By Contract™
Seamless Development
Automatic Testing
Void Safety
Parallel Programming
Model-driven Development
Services
Overview
Consulting
Custom Development
Training
Support
Resources
Documentation
Libraries
Eiffel Community
Fan Zone
Presentations
FAQS
Company
About Us
Leadership
Customers
News & Events
Careers
Contact
Assign a menu in Theme Options > Menus