https://ekdesigns.com/privacy-policy/
EKDesigns.com Frederick Digital Solutions, LLC
Toggle navigation
Main Menu
HomeServices
Business Consulting Web Design Web Hosting and Email Digital Marketing IT Solutions
About
Blog Sitemap
PortfolioContact
Tel:   301-748-2800
HomeServicesIT SolutionsAboutPortfolioContactSitemapPrivacy Policy
Web Site Privacy Policies
EKDesigns.com – Frederick Digital Solutions, LLC
We recognize that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: http://www.ekdesigns.com. The Site is operated by EKDesigns.com.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at our contact page or by phone at 301-748-2800
Identifying Information. In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself.
What EKDesigns.com Will Do With Your Information. If you choose to give us personal information, this information is retained by EKDesigns.com and will only be used by EKDesigns.com to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What Others May Do With Your Information. EKDesigns.com does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time EKDesigns.com may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for EKDesigns.com (such as digital marketing or website maintenance), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for EKDesigns.com. In addition, EKDesigns.com may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.
Third Party Links
EKDesigns.com does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave www.ekdesigns.com, EKDesigns.com cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Cookies
At times, we will use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a “cookie”. We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our Sites, and to give you better, more personalized service while in our web site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. However, some functions of the Sites will not function if you refuse cookies. These areas of our web site will have information posted about cookies, and when a cookie will be uploaded to your computer.
Children’s Privacy Protection
EKDesigns.com is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The vast majority of the material on our website is not intended for children and is not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Credit Card Security
We know customers are concerned about credit card security. We use Intuit as our merchant account and your personal credit card information will not be given to anyone.
Frederick Digital Solutions, LLC
EKDesigns.com
TopCopyright © 2020. All Rights Reserved.
LoginWeb Development and Hosting by EKDesigns.com
Home
Services
Portfolio
Contact
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Menu
Toggle navigation
Main Menu