http://eknp.com/privacypolicy.php
Search fonts:
Quick links:
Webmaster Resources | The Free Site | Fontseek.com
| Free-Fonts.com | Real Free Site | [more]
»
Browse free fonts
»
Download all fonts
»
By
category
»
Most popular
»
Free font
resources
»
How
to install fonts
»
Free Clipart
»
Contact
»
3D
- Alien
Computer
Cracked
Decorative
"Dot" fonts
Famous
Music
Futuristic
Handwriting
Horror
Retro
TV & Movies
Weird
»
Clipart
Heaven
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement is intended to give you, the user of this website, an awareness about what information this website collects, how this information is used, and how this affects your privacy while using this site.
Logging and Statistics
When a user views a page, image or other item on this site, the user's IP address, browser type, and the site you came from is stored in a log file. None of this information can be used to personally identify an individual user. The details stored in this log file may be used to provide statistics about the usage of this site, for the purpose of improving the site and to provide statistical information to advertisers. Only aggregated information is given, and the log file itself is not available to the public.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. The use of cookies on this site is restricted to the tell-a-friend area of the site only.
It is possible for users to reject cookies. This is a feature of the user's browser. It is possible to use this site without cookies.
The information in cookies on this site is in no way able to track the user's actions or
behavior, or gain demographic information on the user. Occasionally,
a third party such as an advertiser may display an advertisement on
the site that gives a cookie. These cookies are not sent from our
site and we have no access to the information in these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other
sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site
and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that
collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement
applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
©2007. Free fonts are © their respective owners and are, to the best
of our knowledge, either freeware or shareware.
If anyone knows otherwise please notify us.
All free fonts have been collected from around the web, and maintained
with all files intact.
Contact | Links | Privacy Policy Ruby Tuesday Coupons
Tracker