http://elite.net.uk/privacy-policy-cookies/
PRIVACY POLICY & COOKIES - Elite limited
HomeAboutServices
Connectivity Data centre Solutions Infrastructure
CareersContactBlogChannel PartnersMy Account
Privacy Policy and Cookies
This privacy policy sets out how Elite Limited uses and protects any information that you give Elite Limited when you use this website.
Elite Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and is a member of the ICO (Information Commissioners Office), ASA (Advertising Standards Authority), and CAP. (Committees of Advertising Practice) Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Elite Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01/02/2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information when submitting an enquiry or by registering on our portal as a customer:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services
With your permission, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find beneficial using the email address which you have provided
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept, decline or modify what cookies you use. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Categories
Cookie
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Peformance
_gat
_gid
_ga
JESSIONID
Control Panel
CP_SESSION
CP_AID
CP_SID
sidebar
These sessional cookies are essential for the control panel to operate. They are set only for those people using the control panel. These cookies are deleted when you close your browser or log out of the control panel.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Necessary Cookies
OptanonConsent
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
Targeting
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Facebook
datr
fr
lu
Twitter
_auth_token
twll
_utmz
secure_session
guest_id
_utma
_remember_checked
Google.com
APISID
SSID
NID
PREF
SID
SAPISID
HSID
Google.co.uk
SAPISID
HSID
SID
PREF
NID
SSID
APISID
Syndication.twitter.com
LANG
Doubleclick.net
ID
Links to other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third-party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using appropriate and up-to-date anti-virus software or similar applications.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box where you can click to indicate that you want the information to be used for direct marketing purposes. This will enable you to receive discounts and promotional offers based on your products; left unchecked, you will not receive these.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by following the unsubscribe link at the footer of any email, writing to or emailing us at marketing@elite.net.uk
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – The Right to be Informed. If you would like details of the information held on you please raise a request via the help centre found in your portal, or if you no longer have access to this, email legal@elite.net.uk.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages (or unsubscribe from all lists). The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons/tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics, IP address, and already stored subscriber data.
Our EMS (email marketing service) provider is; Sendinblue and you can read their privacy policy here.
Acorn Business Park
Portsmouth
PO6 3TH
helpdesk@elite.net.uk
+44 23 9279 7676
The CompanyAbout Us
Services
Careers
Blog
My Account
Anti-slavery policy statement
Corporate General Code of Practice
Privacy & Cookies
All Policy Information
ServicesData centre Solutions
Infrastructure Services
Connectivity
Blog
© 2019 Elite limited. All rights reserved.