http://eloquence.marxmeier.com/about/privacy.html
Home
Search
Product Information
Support
Knowledge Base
Documentation
Download
Feedback
Eloquence Web SitePrivacy Statement
Marxmeier Software AG is committed to respecting your privacy.
We recognize your need for reasonable control of personally identifiable
information that you share with us.
Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated
with your name and/or may me used to identify you as a person.
We only use personal information for the agreed purpose and limited to
operational requirements.
Most of our services may be used without sharing personal information.
To help us improve your experience Marxmeier Software AG might track
your use of our website.
Our policy regarding your information covers four main areas:
Awareness
Marxmeier Software AG provides this statement to make you aware of
our privacy policy. We take reasonable steps to see that it is
followed within our company.
Choice
Marxmeier Software AG will not sell any personally identifiable
information to others.
We will only share personally identifiable
information with others (such as partners) if this is required
to process your request.
Marxmeier Software AG is committed to not using your information
for purposes such as direct marketing unless you specifically
agreed to it.
Access & Accuracy
Marxmeier Software AG strives to keep your personally identifiable
information accurate. You are able to review your information and
request an update or the deletion of personal information.
Security
Marxmeier Software AG is committed to ensuring the security of your
information.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Please refer to our
GDPR privacy policy document
for details on our data protection procedures pursuant to the
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy,
please contact us at
info@marxmeier.com.
Privacy |
GDPR /
DSGVO |
Webmaster |
Terms of use |
Impressum
Revision:
2018-05-22
Copyright © 1995-2018
Marxmeier Software AG