http://en.citizendium.org/wiki/CZ:Privacy_policy
Citizendium - a community developing a quality, comprehensive compendium of knowledge, online and free.Click here to join and contribute
CZ thanks our previous donors. Donate here. Treasurer's Financial Report
CZ:Privacy policy
From Citizendium
Jump to:					navigation, 					search
The Citizendium is committed to maintaining your privacy.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
For contributors, however, we realize that privacy is a special concern, since we require the use of real names and identities.
We require that contributors reveal this information, so that our readers, and your co-authors and co-editors, know who you are and that there are people who are willing to take real-world responsibility for what appears here.
We believe that this is the only way to have a mature, pleasant community and a credible product.
We are a community of real people, not avatars and pseudonyms.
Still, you need not reveal very much information about yourself.
When you join, the only information we will put on your user page biography is what you say we may put there.
After your user page is created, you may edit it yourself, as long as you continue to maintain some helpful information about your interests and education.
Your name should not show up in well-behaved search engine results, such as those of Google and Yahoo!, because of your Citizendium account.
This is because we indicate they should not spider Citizendium userpages and talkpages with robots.txt (see robotstxt.org for information). However, certain external sites that copy content from Citizendium under its license may not adhere to our indexing rules. Consequently, copies of user and talk pages appearing on those sites may be indexed.
It is impossible for the vast majority of contributors or readers to find out anything about you other than through what you yourself reveal, through your participation in the system.
A category of contributor, called "Constables," who keep our global village here running smoothly, do have access to your e-mail address and any application details.
The details of editor applications, moreover, are accessible by "Editorial Personnel Administrators."
These people are chosen for their responsibility and maturity, and they are intelligent and sensitive to privacy concerns.
They know not to share your personal information.
Citizendium Organization
CZ:Home | Workgroups | Personnel | Governance | Proposals | Recruitment | Contact | Donate | FAQ | Sitemap
| Other
Home
Getting Started
Organization
Communication
Technical Help
Initiatives
Policies
Editor Guidance
Content Guidance
Article Lists
Governance
Welcome Page
Retrieved from "https://en.citizendium.org/wiki?title=CZ:Privacy_policy&oldid=100800726"
Category: Organization
Navigation menu
Personal tools
Log in
Namespaces
CZ
Discussion
Variants
Views
Read
View source
View history
More
Search
Read
Welcome to Citizendium
Citable Articles
All Articles
Random Article
Article Changes
All Recent Changes
Dive In!
Apply to Join
Quick Start
Start Article
Article Mechanics
How to edit
General Help
Help FAQs
Random Page
Communicate
Contact
Enquiry Form
Get Involved
Forum
Workgroups
Management
About
CZ FAQs
Policies
Personnel
Governance
Past Elections
Moderator Group
Finance
Financial Report
Donate
Tools
What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Special pages
Printable version
Permanent link
Page information
This page was last modified 16:47, 26 April 2012.
CZ is free.
All written content is available under the Creative Commons-Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license or any later.Written content that originated in part from Wikipedia is also available under GNU Free Documentation License 1.2.Dedicated server hosting generously provided by Steadfast Networks
Help • Financial Report • Statistics
Follow Citizendium on Twitter • Facebook
Privacy policy
About Citizendium
Disclaimers