http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Privacy_policy
Wiki
Navigation
HomeProjectDistributionSupportContactSite map
Help
WikiCreate a PageChange a PageFind a Page
Tools
What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information
In other languages
Deutsch
Log in
The wikis are now using the new authentication system.If you did not migrate your account yet, visit https://idp-portal-info.suse.com/
Terms of site
(Redirected from openSUSE:Privacy policy)
Jump to: navigation,
search
The openSUSE project brings Linux users and developers together to create an integrated community. The following legal documents govern the activities at this site and the content and software available at this site.
Contents
1 Copyright notice
1.1 Notice specific to software available on this website
2 Terms of site
2.1 Contributions to openSUSE
2.1.1 Open Build Service
(the “Build Service”)
2.1.2 Rules of conduct
2.2 Privacy policy
2.2.1 Monitoring
2.3 Trademarks
2.4 Redistribution program
2.5 Legal disclaimers
2.6 Links to Third-Party Sites
2.7 Governing law and forum
2.8 Export compliance
2.9 Restricted Rights Legend
Copyright notice
With the exception of Software, all content on this website is made available under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License version 1.2 ("GFDL") unless expressly otherwise indicated.
Notice specific to software available on this website
Any software including its documentation ("Software") that is made available from this website is the copyrighted work of SUSE LLC. (“SUSE”) and others. Your license rights and obligations with respect to the Software are governed by separate license terms accompanying such Software. In the absence of separate license terms accompanying Software, the terms of the openSUSE EULA shall take precedence.
Terms of site
ATTENTION: Please read these terms carefully before using this web site. These Terms of Site ("Terms") constitute a legally binding agreement between you, an individual or an entity ("You"), and SUSE. Using this web site indicates that you accept these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, do not use this web site. SUSE may modify all or any part of these Terms from time to time without notice to you. You should check back often so you are aware of your current rights and responsibilities. Your continued use of this web site after changes to the Terms have been published constitutes your binding acceptance of the updated Terms. If at any time the Terms are no longer acceptable to You, You should immediately cease all use of this web site.
Contributions to openSUSE
SUSE reserves the right to refuse to accept contributions submitted and to remove without notice any content including Software from the website without providing notice. Under these Terms SUSE does not claim ownership of content or Software you submit or make available for inclusion on this website. By submitting content or Software you represent that you are the lawful owner of such content or Software or that you have otherwise secured sufficient rights to make the content or Software publicly available on this website.
Open Build Service
(the “Build Service”)
You understand and agree that the Build Service is provided on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis. SUSE may discontinue the Build Service at any time. SUSE disclaims all responsibility and liability for the availability or reliability of the Build Service. SUSE also reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Build Service with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you. You should back up any of your data stored in the Build Service.
Support services, if any, are available by means of separate agreement with SUSE.
You represent and warrant that (a) all of the information provided by you to SUSE to participate in the Build Service is correct and current; and (b) you have all necessary right, power and authority to enter into these Terms of Site.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Service password and account, and are responsible for all activities that occur thereunder. SUSE reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at any time without notice for any reason. After a period of inactivity, SUSE reserves the right to disable or terminate your account.
Rules of conduct
This web site may include a chat room or other means to enable users to exchange information with SUSE and with each other. SUSE employees may participate in these discussions. The purpose of any such discussions and exchanges of information is solely to exchange technical information relating to openSUSE/SUSE Linux. Participating in any such discussions requires compliance with these Rules of Conduct and these Terms generally.
You agree not to post or transmit through this web site any material or content that violates or infringes in any way the rights of others or solicits, encourages or promotes the use of illegal substances or activities, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, derogatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, bigoted or hateful, profane, scandalous, pornographic, indecent or other-wise objectionable, gives rise to civil or criminal liability or otherwise violates any local, state or federal law.
You may not engage in any activity on this web site that restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying this web site by "hacking," "cracking," "spoofing" or defacing any portions of this web site.
You may not post or transmit through this web site advertising or commercial solicitations; promotional materials relating to web site or online services which are competitive with SUSE and/or this web site; software or other materials that contain viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, or other harmful or disruptive component, political campaign materials; chain letters; mass mailings, spam mail, any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of this web site or its contents.
You may not harvest or collect information about web site visitors without their express written consent.
Privacy policy
When you create a site ID you are actually creating a SUSE ID. For more information, see SUSE's Privacy Policy.
Monitoring
SUSE has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor the content of this web site to determine compliance with these Terms and any other operating rules established by SUSE. SUSE has the right in its sole discretion to edit, refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on this web site that it finds to be in violation of these Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You are solely responsible for any information you post, transmit or otherwise make available on this website. You acknowledge and agree that SUSE does not have any liability for any action or inaction with respect to any conduct, communication or posting on this web site. If you believe this web site or a web site linked from this web site contains infringing, offensive or otherwise inappropriate content, please contact us at the following e-mail address: webmaster@novell.com.
The openSUSE.org pages use the open source web analytics tool Matomo to track anonymized access hits for statistical reasons. It is used to determine how many visitors visit our site on a regular basis. The data is used by the project and the data is deleted after 24 months.
Trademarks
SUSE, the SUSE logo, openSUSE and the openSUSE logo are registered trademarks of SUSE LLC and SUSE Linux is a trademark of SUSE LLC.
The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this Web site are the property of SUSE or other third parties. You are not permitted to use these Marks without the prior written consent of SUSE or such third party which may own the Mark. Use of SUSE trademarks almost always requires written permission or a license.
For more information, read SUSE's Trademark policy.
Redistribution program
Redistribution of customized versions of openSUSE is covered throug the openSUSE trademark guidelines.
Legal disclaimers
SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING SUCH SOFTWARE. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO SOFTWARE, THIS WEB SITE AND ALL CONTENT, MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NOVELL MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE FUNCTIONALITY OR USEFULNESS OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE SOFTWARE OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THIS WEB SITE. NOVELL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITH-OUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. INFORMATION CREATED BY THIRD PARTIES THAT YOU MAY ACCESS ON THIS WEBSITE OR THROUGH LINKS IS NOT ADOPTED OR ENDORSED BY NOVELL AND REMAINS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE THIRD PARTY.
Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL NOVELL AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS WEB SITE, EVEN IF NOVELL HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. To the extent any jurisdiction does not allow the exclusion or limitation of direct, incidental or consequential damages, portions of the above limitation or exclusion may not apply.
Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold SUSE and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents and licensors harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys' fees) related to or arising out of submitted content, including without limitation claims made by third parties related to any false advertising claims, liability claims for products or services sold by the person or corporation submitting such content, claims for patent, copyright or trademark infringement, claims due to disruption or malfunction of services provided (pertaining to the submitted content), even if such content is reviewed by SUSE prior to publishing on the website.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Some links allow you to leave the openSUSE site. The linked sites are not under the control of SUSE and SUSE is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. SUSE is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SUSE of any linked site.
Governing law and forum
The validity, construction, and performance of these Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Utah, U.S.A., without regard to their choice of law provisions. Any dispute relating to these Terms is subject to the courts within the State of Utah. The prevailing party in any action to enforce the terms of these Terms is entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, incurred in connection therewith, in addition to any other relief to which such party is entitled. Each party shall comply, at its own expense, with any governmental law, statute, ordinance, administrative order, rule, or regulation relating to its duties, obligations, or performance under these Terms.
If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision of these Terms to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, it is the intent of the parties that the remaining provisions remain in full force and effect and that the court interpret the remaining provisions to achieve the purposes as originally expressed. It is the further intent of the parties that the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision be replaced with a provision that most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the replaced provision. SUSE controls this site from its Provo, Utah, USA offices; other SUSE sites may be administered and operated from various locations outside the United States. If You use this web site from other locations You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. SUSE makes no representation that the products and services referenced herein are appropriate, or available, worldwide and in fact may not be available world-wide.
Export compliance
Any person or entity exporting or re-exporting SUSE products directly or indirectly and via any means, including electronic transfer, is wholly responsible for doing so in accordance with the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and the laws of host countries. SUSE assumes no responsibility or liability for Your failure to obtain any necessary export approvals. Approvals are dependent upon an item's technical characteristics, the destination, end-use and end-user, as well as other activities of the end user. Specifically, no SUSE product may be exported to embargoed or otherwise restricted countries or end users. Please consult the Bureau of Industry and Security web page and other sources before exporting SUSE products from the U.S. and familiarize Yourself with the laws of destination countries before re-exporting SUSE products. This provision shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. Please refer to the export matrix for SUSE products for more information on exporting SUSE Software. For more information, refer to SUSE's Export Control policy.
Restricted Rights Legend
Any Software downloaded from this server for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government"), is provided with Restricted Rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.
Retrieved from "https://en.opensuse.org/index.php?title=Terms_of_site&oldid=144544"
Category: Policies and guidelines
Log in
×
Create account
Cancel
Log in