http://enghouse.com/privacy.php
Home Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Enghouse is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our partners, distributors, resellers, customers and users of our websites, protecting the Personal Information that you may share with us and urges you to take every precaution to protect your Personal Information when you are online. When we need to collect your Personal Information to provide services that you request, for other legitimate business interests or when you choose to provide us with your Personal Information, this Global Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect and use your information.
Scope
This Global Privacy Policy applies to your use of this website and to all Personal Information we collect or you disclose during the use of this website. This Policy gives effect to Enghouse’s commitment to protect your privacy and Personal Information. It is applicable to each entity that is, directly or indirectly, controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, or a subsidiary of, Enghouse Systems Limited (“Enghouse”, “we” or “us” as appropriate).
Information we may collect: How and What
During your use of this website, we may collect technical information such as your IP address (see ‘Cookies’) and a range of Personal Information that you submit to us. “Personal Information” means any information that is capable of identifying a living individual. We collect this information by using a range of different means which include, but are not limited to, when you:
Register for a whitepaper, case study, webcast, eNewsletter, or other download;
Register to attend a seminar or participate in an online survey
Ask to be included in an email or mailing list;
Submit an entry for a competition, sweepstake, or any other promotion;
To review and follow up on applications or referrals for open employment positions at Enghouse;
Submit your Personal Information to us for any other reason.
The Personal Information that may be collected, includes, but is not limited to:
Name, gender, address, date of birth;
Contact details for your work and personal details, such as email address, postal address and/or telephone number;
Your role, position and/or job title within your employment.
How Enghouse uses Information
Enghouse may use the Personal Information, for any of the following purposes:
Personalise your experience on the website;
Respond to your enquiries and fulfil your requests, for example reply to a comment or question;
Keep you updated with information about our products and services;
Provide you with updates and announcements concerning our products and/or promotions;
Send you marketing materials that you have signed up to;
Help us better meet your needs;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or to another company;
Allow you to have access to information, services or otherwise in engage in activities we provide access to.
We will not use your data for any automated decision-making, including profiling.
Disclosure of Information
General
Enghouse’s global presence means that your Personal Information may need to be shared with Enghouse entities around the world. All these Enghouse entities are governed by this Policy and bound by appropriate confidentiality and data transfer agreements.
In the case of a transfer of Personal Information to an Enghouse entity which is not in the same country as the entity to whom you submitted Personal Information, the transfer will only take place if the EU Commission has established that there is an appropriate level of data protection in place in that receiving country, or Enghouse has agreed on appropriate contractual guarantees with the recipient entity to ensure the required level of data protection. Enghouse has put in place an intra-company Agreement that binds us to the EU Model Clauses. You may request a copy of this Agreement for your reference by contacting us by using the contact information listed below in the ‘Contact Us’ section.
Legal and regulatory requirements
Enghouse may be asked or required by law or regulatory authorities to disclose any Personal Information we have concerning you. We reserve the right to disclose any Personal Information we have about you if so requested or if we determine it is necessary or desirable to comply with the law or such request, or to protect or defend our rights or property.
Updating or Accessing your Information
If you have registered for an account with Enghouse you can help to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date by logging into your account.
You may unsubscribe from marketing communications at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button available at the bottom of any electronic communication we may send to you. You may also unsubscribe from any medium of communication by contacting us using the information set out in the ‘Contact Us’ section below.
To review, correct, update, delete, object or otherwise limit our use of your Personal Information that has been provided to us, or request portability and/or details of your Personal Information that is held by us, please contact us using the contact information listed below in the ‘Contact Us’ section and describe clearly your request.
Retention
Enghouse will retain any Personal Information it holds for as long as may be necessary for us to fulfil the purpose(s) outlined within this Policy or in order to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
Security
Enghouse will use reasonable and appropriate technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect the Personal Information in its possession from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and/or destruction. Enghouse has taken due consideration of the risks involved and harm that may be suffered in the event of a breach in processing Personal Information and the nature of such Personal information.
Cookies
What are cookies and what are they used for?
Enghouse may use cookies from time to time. A cookie is a unique text file that a website can send to your internet browser. Some parts of Enghouse’s website use cookies to track how you use and/or navigate around the website. We do this in order to determine how useful the website’s information is to users, how effective the navigational structure is in helping users reach that information and monitor how long a user spends on each part of the website.
You will be notified about the use of cookies when you first visit our website. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can set amend your browser settings so that cookies are disabled. Certain actions on our website require the use of cookies so you may not be able to fully enjoy our website should you choose to disable cookies.
Enghouse may use own cookies or Third party cookies
First-party cookies: These cookies are sent to the user’s device from a server or domain managed by Enghouse and which provides the service requested by the user.
Third-party cookies: These cookies are sent to the user’s device from a server or domain that is not managed by Enghouse but by another entity that processes the data collected through cookies.
Cookies offer many benefits when providing information society services, as they: (i) help users to browse the website and access the services available; (ii) save users from having to configure the general features defined by default whenever they access the website; (iii) aid improved functioning and services provided by the website, after the corresponding analysis of the information collected via the cookies installed.
Embedded third-party media players may set cookies when you click to play video content. These cookies may track your use of this website.
Cookies used by Enghouse:
Session cookies:
These cookies are designed to gather and store data when the user accesses a website. They are usually used to store data that is only needed to provide the service requested by the user on one occasion (e.g. a list of products purchased).
Session cookies are stored and are temporary, that is, they expire when the user finishes browsing the website. These cookies do not permanently store any data on the hard disk of your computer.
Analytics Cookies:
These cookies allow the entity in charge of them to track and analyze the behavior of users of the websites to which they are linked. The information collected by these cookies is used to measure the activity of the websites, applications or platforms and to compile browsing profiles of the users of these websites, applications and platforms in order to make improvements based on analyzing the data on how users use the service.
Enghouse stores Google Analytics cookies on the user’s device. Users can exclude their individual activity using the exclusions systems provided by Google Analytics.
More information: Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites
Advertising Cookies:
These cookies allow the advertising space that Enghouse has included on the website, application or platform used to provide the service to be used as efficiently as possible based on criteria such as edited content or how frequently advertisements are shown.
Enghouse uses Google Ads cookies on the user’s device. Users can exclude their individual activity using the exclusions systems provided by Google Ads
More information: Google Ads Cookie Usage on Websites
Enghouse uses Terminus cookies on the user’s device. Users can exclude their individual activity using the exclusions systems provided by Terminus.
More information: Terminus Privacy Policy
Behavioural advertising cookies:
These cookies allow the advertising space that Enghouse has included on the website, application or platform used to provide the service to be used as efficiently as possible. These cookies store information about user behavior collected by constantly monitoring their browsing habits, which allows a specific profile to be developed to display advertising accordingly.
Enghouse uses also cookies from Marketo for marketing tracking purposes. Users can exclude their individual activity using the exclusions systems provided by Marketo.
More information: Marketo Cookies PolicyEnghouse uses also cookies from Hotjar for marketing tracking purposes. Users can exclude their individual activity using the exclusions systems provided by Hotjar.
More information: Hotjar Privacy Policy
Third Party Sites
Enghouse’s websites may contain links to third-party customer or product vendor sites. Enghouse does not share your Personal Information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those companies.
Some of the third-party sites that this website links to may be co-branded with an Enghouse entity logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by Enghouse. Although, we choose our business partners carefully we disclaim responsibility for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties. Once you have left this website, you should check the privacy policy of the third party website to determine how your data will be handled and how information is collected from you.
Children and Privacy
This website does not target and is not intended to attract children under the age of thirteen (13). Enghouse does not knowingly solicit Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) nor does Enghouse send them requests for Personal Information.
Changes in the Policy
Enghouse reserves the right to amend this Policy as it finds necessary. For example, Enghouse may modify this Policy in order to comply with changes in local laws and regulations, other Enghouse policies and procedures, or requirements imposed by data protection authorities. Please ensure that you regularly check this Policy so that you are aware of any changes and/or updates that are made.
Contact Us
Any Personal Information provided to or gathered by Enghouse is ultimately controlled by Enghouse Systems Limited.
If you would like to contact us in relation to this Policy or in connection to the Personal Information we may collect or process about you please do so by using the following details:
Enghouse Systems Limited
80 Tiverton Court, Suite 800
Markham, Ontario
L3R 0G4
Canada
Email: legal.operations@enghouse.com
If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA) the data controller responsible for your information is:
Enghouse Interactive (UK) Ltd
Imperium, Imperial Way
Reading, Berkshire
RG2 0TD
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 20 3357 3040
Email: legal.operations@enghouse.com
Complaints
Enghouse takes its commitment to this Policy and your rights under applicable data privacy laws very seriously. If you do not feel your legal rights as regards to your personal data have been properly observed by Enghouse, you have the right to complain to your in-region supervisory authority, who are the regulatory body appointed to monitor compliance with applicable data protection laws.
Enghouse uses its own cookies and third party cookies to manage the site, improve our services and understand user behaviour. To enable cookies, click Accept or Refuse if you decline. AcceptRefuse Analytic CookiesRead more