https://engineering.lehigh.edu/news/article/whats-your-data-privacy-styles
Skip to main content
What's your data privacy style?
Monday, October 29, 2018
You are hereHome / News
New research studies how people navigate a world in which data-collection is ubiquitous
Internet search engines are a treasure trove of user data. Researchers have estimated that more than 4 million search queries are entered into Google every minute.
The use of computer algorithms that can make inferences from user data about a person’s gender, age, political opinions, religious affiliations and other traits is widespread, which has raised serious privacy concerns.
How are individual internet-users approaching personal privacy protection in this algorithm-rich environment?
"Such behaviors are poorly accounted for in existing technology design practices," says Eric P. S. Baumer, assistant professor of computer science and engineering.
Baumer was recently awarded a grant by the National Science Foundation to study how people navigate a world in which data-collection is a continuous feature of their environment and how internet systems can be better designed to support "data literate" behaviors. The award is a collaborative grant with Andrea Forte, associate professor of information science at Drexel University.
The study seeks to fill a gap in knowledge about the various ways individuals approach personal privacy protection. The aim is to gain a better understanding of human-computer interaction with an eye toward technology design aimed at accommodating and supporting different privacy styles. Ultimately, Baumer hopes the proposed privacy styles instruments could be useful to a variety of different disciplines, including human-computer interaction, communication, sociology, media studies and others.
Read the full article in the Lehigh University News Center.
-Lori Friedman is a Director of Media Relations with Lehigh University's Office of Communications and Public Affairs.
Related Links: NSF Award Announcement: Algorithms Everywhere–Identifying and Designing for Data Privacy StylesFaculty profile: Eric Baumer, Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering, Lehigh UniversityResearch Web site: ericbaumer.comMedia Coverage: EurekAlert!: "What's your data privacy style?"Department/Program: Computer Science & Engineering
Eric P. S. Baumer, Assistant Professor, Computer Science and Engineering
Related News
Understanding the "Virtual Power Plant" concept
Thu, Dec 10,
2020
Elsa Reichmanis elected Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors
Tue, Dec 8,
2020
ISE Professor interviewed by Supply Chain Dive
Thu, Dec 3,
2020
Shaping up: The future of fusion power
Thu, Nov 19,
2020