https://ergometrics.org//privacy.cfm
Street Address
Ergometrics & Applied Personnel Research, Inc.
18720 33rd Ave. W.
Lynnwood, WA 98037 U.S.A.
Tel. 425-741-0103
Fax 425-741-3355
Ergometrics Privacy Policy
This document was last updated January 12, 2012
Introduction
Ergometrics & Applied Personnel Research, Inc. ("Ergometrics") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our privacy practices for our website, www.ergometrics.org on the World Wide Web (the "Site"). You can travel through some of our Site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request. The following statement explains our information-gathering and dissemination practices. Please read the complete Ergometrics Privacy Policy.
Ergometrics may periodically update this Privacy Policy. If so, Ergometrics will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Site. Ergometrics encourages you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time for any changes.
By using this Site or any products or services provided through the Site, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS BELOW, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE OR THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY Ergometrics AT THIS SITE.
What Information We Gather/Track
You may decide whether to proceed with any activity that requests personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you will not be able to complete the operation.
Except as described below, Ergometrics will only disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties if acting under a good faith belief that such action is necessary (1) to conform to legal requirements, (2) to protect and defend the rights or property of Ergometrics, (3) to enforce the Ergometrics Terms of Service, or (4) in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all Ergometrics' assets relating to the business in connection with which the information was collected. Ergometrics collects personally identifiable information that can be divided into the following categories:
Credit Card Information: If you use a credit card to purchase products via this Site, your name as it appears on the credit card, the credit card number, expiration date and billing address will be encrypted as it passes over the Internet (that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL). Ergometrics does not record or keep your credit card information for online credit-card transactions. Such information is simply passed through to the credit card company for payment processing. Ergometrics may access such information through the credit card company, but does not do so except to process Refunds or adjustments, to the extent necessary in the event of nonpayment or disputed payments, or as may be necessary for Ergometrics' compliance, in Ergometrics' discretion, with applicable law.
Technical Support: If you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction such as your name, email address and information about your computer hardware, software and the nature of the problem you are experiencing.
Optional Data: Ergometrics may request information from users. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested is broad demographic information. This information is not sold, shared or rented to any third party and is used internally solely by Ergometrics in the aggregate for purposes of web traffic research.
Log Files: Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies: Persistent "cookies" are small pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer on behalf of a web site that you have visited. This Site uses persistent cookies to track visits to our web site in normal statistical logs only. No personal information is stored or collected without your consent. In order to complete transactions on our site, we do use session cookies. These session cookies do not collect information about you, only about your browser session and they are destroyed when you close your browser. No transaction data is stored on your computer.
Email: If you respond to Ergometrics about materials presented on this web site with comments or similar feedback, your response will be non-confidential. By sending Ergometrics the response, you grant Ergometrics an irrevocable unrestricted license to use, reproduce, distribute, and modify the information in your response, and you agree Ergometrics is free to use for any purpose whatsoever any ideas or concepts contained in your response. Ergometrics will not release your name or publicize the fact of your response unless you give permission or as is required by law. The information given to Ergometrics is solely used by Ergometrics.
Contact by Ergometrics: At this point, Ergometrics has no plans to contact individuals who visit this web site or use our products and services (except in the cases of technical support, billing questions or if you opt into being notified by Ergometrics when we send out announcements). Ergometrics will not share your information with third parties for any purpose except as designated by your employment application choices or as required by law. These policies may change. If so, Ergometrics will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Site. Ergometrics encourages you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time for any changes. No contact information collected before said policy change will be shared or used.
Links: The Site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are "clicking" to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Ergometrics on this Site.
Security of Your Information: When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information, such as credit card number, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, the lock icon in the browser's address bar becomes green and locked, as opposed to unlocked.
If you have any questions about the security at our Site, you can contact Tech Support.
Correction/Updating Personal Information: You can change your contact information or update your work history at any time by logging onto your account with your user name and password.
If you have any questions about the Ergometrics Privacy Policy, you can contact us by:
Sending email to us at Ergometrics Support
Postal Mail:
Attn: Privacy Contact
Ergometrics
18720 33rd Ave. W.
Lynnwood, Washington 98037
425-741-0103