https://ergocanada.com/ec_home/privacy.html
ErgoCanada Privacy Notice
Last Updated: March 1st, 2011
ErgoCanada is aware that visitors care about how personal
information is used, stored and shared, and as such we take
efforts to ensure that all personal information is carefully and
sensibly handled. This notice describes our privacy policy. By
visiting ErgoCanada, you're accepting the policies outlined in
this Privacy Notice.
What
Personal Information About Customers Does ErgoCanada Gather?
What
About Cookies?
Does
ErgoCanada Share the Information It Receives?
How
Secure Is Information About Me?
What
Choices Do I Have?
Are
Children Allowed to Use ErgoCanada?
Legal
Notices
What
Personal Information About Customers Does ErgoCanada Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us to improve the
design and usability of our web site.  We use server analysis
software to see which pages visitors access, in what order, and
the duration of time spent on each page.  This is to allow us to
continually improve the resources on our web site to ensure they
are clear, accessible and of sufficient detail for even our most
sophisticated visitors. Here are the types of information we
gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any
information when you place an order.  We use the information you
provide for such purposes as responding to your requests,
improving the speed with which your order can be confirmed when
we call you back, collecting relevant comments about our site,
and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain
types of information whenever you interact with us. For example,
like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain
types of information when you add items to your cart on
ErgoCanada.
E-mail Communications: We will send you a confirmation
of an order, and use your email to ensure your order is attended
to and resolved.  Once the order is complete, your email is
stored in our archive system for auditing purposes, but you
should never receive an additional email from our company,
unless it is directly related to a matter which requires
attention regarding your order.
What
About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your
computer's hard drive through your web browser, to enable our
cart to track and store items in your Shopping Cart.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell
you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how
to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or
how to disable cookies altogether.
Does
ErgoCanada Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is solely collected for ensuring
proper customer service during the order process, and after-sale
product information and technical support as needed.  We never
share, sell, transmit or furnish any customer information to any
other company except as required by law.
The only circumstances where we share customer information are
outlined below.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other
companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include delivering packages (i.e. couriers), sending
postal mail and e-mail (i.e. invoices), processing credit card
payments. They have access to personal information needed to
perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our
business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business
units. In such transactions, customer information generally is
one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to
the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice.
Protection of ErgoCanada and Others: We release account
and other personal information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with law or protect the rights, property,
or safety of ErgoCanada, our users, or others. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organizations
for fraud protection and credit-risk reduction.
This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise
disclosing personally identifiable information from customers
for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set
forth in this Privacy Notice.
How
Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during
transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which
encrypts information you enter.
We never collect payment information (i.e. credit card
numbers, bank accounts, etc.) online but rather collect credit card
information by calling customers directly, regarding a specific
order.
Payment information is not stored electronically at any time.
Order forms are completed, and then stored and archived off-site
in a secure location for at least the minimum period required by
law.
What
Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you always can choose not to provide
information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase.
You can always simply call our toll-free number to request
information, place an order, or confirm pricing, availability or
shipping costs and methods.
Are
Children Allowed to Use ErgoCanada?
ErgoCanada does not sell products for purchase by children. We
sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you're under
18, you may use ErgoCanada only with the involvement of a parent
or guardian.
Legal
Notices
If you choose to visit ErgoCanada, your visit and any dispute
over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Legal Notices,
including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and
application of the law of the province of Saskatchewan. If you
have any concern about privacy at ErgoCanada, please contact us,
and we'll do our best to find a suitable resolution to your
concerns.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the
Legal Notices will change also.  Unless stated otherwise, our
current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have
about you and your account.
Copyright ©
Micwil Group of Companies Ltd, Micwil is a Registered Trademark of Micwil Group of Companies Ltd.
Archive About Us Services Manufacturers Legal Notices Privacy