http://ericbrooks.com/privacy.php
Home
Blog
Articles
Design
Fonts
Downloads
E-Zine
Contact
Search this site
Search
Privacy Policy Statement
HOME
» About EricBrooks.Com
» Privacy Policy
This is the website of EricBrooks.Com
I am located in Hershey PA, 17033-9589
I can be reached via email at
or via my contact page.
For each visitor to this Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name and IP address, but not the email address (where possible).
I collect the domain name, IP address and email address (where possible) of visitors to my web page, the email addresses of those who post comments in my blogs, galleries 			and guestbook, the email addresses of those e-cards and interactive functions, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g. credit card number and billing address), no information on consumers who browse my Web page and movie collectibles and toys from fast food restaurants.
The information collected is for internal review and then is discarded, used to improve the content of my web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of the page(s) for each individual visitor, and used to notify my CyberPals (you guys) about updates to my Web site.
tl;dr (Okay, for those who want to skip past the legalese, let me get straight to the point: I DO NOT SELL YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES... EVER! I hate spam and unsolicited emails as much as you do. I wouldn't do that to anyone.)
With respect to cookies: I use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that I think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If you do not want to recieve e-mail from me in the future, please let me know by following the opt-out instructions at the bottom of our newsletter or correspondence.
If you supply me with your postal address on-line you may recieve periodic mailings from me with information on new products or upcoming events. If you do not wish to recieve such mailings, please let me know by contacting me, unsubscribing from the online form, or writing to the return address provided in the newsletter.
Please provide me with your exact name name and address. I will be sure to remove you from my list.
Persons who provide me with their telephone numbers on-line will only recieve telephone contact from me with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide me with your exact name name and address. I will be sure to remove you from my list (and, unlike many unsavory organizations on the web, your information will NOT be sold to 3rd parties).
With respect to Ad Servers: With the exception of Google AdSense, I do not partner with or have any special relationships with any ad server companies. All other ad content is provided by a proprietary system developed for this site only.
From time to time, I may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in my privacy notice. If my information practices change at some time in the future I will post the policy changes to my Website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt-out ("option to get out") of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at this Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting me.
Upon request I provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g. name, address, phone number) that is maintained about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing me or contacting me at the above addresses.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at this site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses, the DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at , state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office.
Disclaimer: The views expressed herein are solely those
of Eric Brooks. They do not necessarily
reflect those of his employers, friends, contacts, family, or even his pets (though my cat,
Puddy,
seems to agree with me on many key issues.). In accordance to my terms of use, you hereby
acknowledge my right to psychoanalyze you, practice accupuncture, and mock you incessantly
with every visit. As the user, you also acknowledge that the author has been legally declared
a "Problem Adult" by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and is therefore not
responsible for any of his actions. ALSO, the political views and products advertised on this site may/may not reflect the views of Puddy or myself, so please don't take them as an endorsement. We just need to eat.
Connect