http://exodusdev.com/policy/privacy
Skip to main content
Exodus Development
Home
Blogs
FreewareQFind
Tech TipsDrupal Tips
Google AdSense Tech Tips
Google Chrome Hacks, Tips and Tricks
Microsoft Windows Tips
Smartphone and Cell Phone Tech Tips
Wacom Graphics Tablet Tips
Webmaster Tips
Windows Annoyances
AboutAbout
Site Map
Terms
Privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Submitted by Mike on Thu, 01/18/2007 - 3:15pm
Posted in exodusdev.com Information
Note:
Visiting this site (viewing pages) indicates your acceptance of this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to modify this policy without notice.
We promise not to sell, rent, or give away any personal information (including email addresses, or other personally identifying information) associated with your user account on this site, except for such information you choose to make public, and in order to comply with legal requirements: we will disclose personal information as required by law or in order to comply with court orders.
Your forum postings, comments, and other contributions to this site are public.
Please use good judgment and common sense when posting anything to this site.
If you haven't signed up for an account, or have not signed in to your user account, we have no idea who you are.
We are not responsible for unintentional disclosures due to security breaches or software or hardware malfunction.
If you are uncomfortable with this policy or the possibility of unintentional disclosure, please do not provide any sensitive information.
Third-party cookies and visitor tracking
Cookies and other tracking techniques may be used by this site, and by third-party elements incorporated into this site, for the purpose of tracking visitor patterns, gathering statistics, and by advertisements shown on this site.
Third party advertising companies may also collect information about other sites you have visited in order to display targeted advertisements on this site.
In the case of Google AdSense and/or similar advertising systems, the content of the ads and the use of cookies or other tracking methods is the responsibility of Google or other parties, respectively.
We have no control over the content of those ads or the use of cookies or other tracking methods by the respective advertisers.
Here are Google's privacy policy and Google's advertising and privacy pages in case you want to know more about Google's tracking policy and privacy statement.
If you are concerned about third-party tracking, please contact the advertiser directly; if you are concerned about your privacy when using this site please disable cookies and/or JavaScript in your web browser.
Related content (auto-generated)
About Michael Curry's Exodus Development
Terms of Service
Navigation
Turn Off Google Instant
Fix Windows DLL Errors
PayPal Payment Buttons
7 Things to make Windows easier
Blogs
Recent posts
What's new
trackshooter.com
Raspberry Pi audio playback from Python
Domains for sale
TwoGrunts.com
Living with Windows?
These utilities can help prevent malware and crapware infestations
more
Popular content
Today's:WhyReboot™
PMMon - Monitor Win32 Power Management Events
Living without antivirus software
What is ielowutil.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Download AT&T Samsung Impression A877 drivers and manuals - no manuals, no drivers included with product.
All time:WhyReboot™
Living without antivirus software
Download AT&T Samsung Impression A877 drivers and manuals - no manuals, no drivers included with product.
Windows Errors - find and fix them
Fast User Switching and Welcome Screen in Windows XP
Simple classified ads module for Drupal 4.7 and Drupal 5
Tech Tips
Block MySpace.com on Windows: zero cost, no additional software
PMMon - Monitor Win32 Power Management Events
What is ielowutil.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Contents Copyright © 1998-2013, Michael Curry's Exodus Development.
All Rights Reserved.
Unauthorized duplication prohibited.
Use of this site signifies acceptance of our terms of service.
Please review our privacy policy.
Information presented herein is offered for educational or entertainment purposes only.
WhyReboot™ is a trademark of Michael Curry's Exodus Development.
Drupal® is a registered trademark of Dries Buytaert, not that you care.
Microsoft and Windows (when referring to Microsoft products or services, or the Windows® operating system) are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.