http://exodusdev.com/category/tags/privacy
Skip to main content
Exodus Development
Home
Blogs
FreewareQFind
Tech TipsDrupal Tips
Google AdSense Tech Tips
Google Chrome Hacks, Tips and Tricks
Microsoft Windows Tips
Smartphone and Cell Phone Tech Tips
Wacom Graphics Tablet Tips
Webmaster Tips
Windows Annoyances
AboutAbout
Site Map
Terms
Privacy
Home
Privacy
Google Chrome Hacks and Tips
Submitted by Mike on Tue, 11/01/2011 - 9:20am
Posted in Do Not Track Plus
Google Chrome
Privacy
Private Browsing
Tech Tips
How do I do the following in Google Chrome?
What is this thing doing in Google Chrome?
I'm concerned about privacy.
How do protect my privacy while I browse?
How do I block tracking cookies and ad networks in Chrome?
You can use Chrome's Incognito mode.
Click here to read the rest or leave a comment »
1 comment
How do I erase or delete an Evercookie?
Submitted by Mike on Tue, 10/12/2010 - 9:47am
Posted in Cookies
Evercookie
Flash Cookies
Privacy
Tracking
What's an evercookie?
An evercookie is a persistent cookie that uses numerous clever techniques to avoid full deletion by the user.
Think of it as a "super-cookie" that can be used to track your online activities even though you have taken steps to protect yourself, and you think you are protected against tracking.
To make matters worse, evercookies use something known as a local shared object (a Flash variable) to provide cross-browser tracking.
This is another great reason to block Flash by default -- if you are a FireFox user, you really should be using FlashBlock, NoScript, or other techniques to avoid auto-loading Flash animations in your browser.
Click here to read the rest or leave a comment »
Mike's blog
Navigation
Turn Off Google Instant
Fix Windows DLL Errors
PayPal Payment Buttons
7 Things to make Windows easier
Blogs
Recent posts
What's new
trackshooter.com
Raspberry Pi audio playback from Python
Domains for sale
TwoGrunts.com
Living with Windows?
These utilities can help prevent malware and crapware infestations
more
Popular content
Today's:WhyReboot™
PMMon - Monitor Win32 Power Management Events
Living without antivirus software
What is ielowutil.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Download AT&T Samsung Impression A877 drivers and manuals - no manuals, no drivers included with product.
All time:WhyReboot™
Living without antivirus software
Download AT&T Samsung Impression A877 drivers and manuals - no manuals, no drivers included with product.
Windows Errors - find and fix them
Fast User Switching and Welcome Screen in Windows XP
Simple classified ads module for Drupal 4.7 and Drupal 5
Tech Tips
Block MySpace.com on Windows: zero cost, no additional software
PMMon - Monitor Win32 Power Management Events
What is ielowutil.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Contents Copyright © 1998-2013, Michael Curry's Exodus Development.
All Rights Reserved.
Unauthorized duplication prohibited.
Use of this site signifies acceptance of our terms of service.
Please review our privacy policy.
Information presented herein is offered for educational or entertainment purposes only.
WhyReboot™ is a trademark of Michael Curry's Exodus Development.
Drupal® is a registered trademark of Dries Buytaert, not that you care.
Microsoft and Windows (when referring to Microsoft products or services, or the Windows® operating system) are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.