http://exodusdev.com/policy/terms-of-service
Skip to main content
Exodus Development
Home
Blogs
FreewareQFind
Tech TipsDrupal Tips
Google AdSense Tech Tips
Google Chrome Hacks, Tips and Tricks
Microsoft Windows Tips
Smartphone and Cell Phone Tech Tips
Wacom Graphics Tablet Tips
Webmaster Tips
Windows Annoyances
AboutAbout
Site Map
Terms
Privacy
Home
Terms of Service
Submitted by Mike on Thu, 01/18/2007 - 3:28pm
Posted in exodusdev.com Information
By using the exodusdev.com system ("Exodus"), you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service").
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE
Exodus makes available a collection of resources to registered account holders ("Members") or site visitors ("Guests"), including forums, comments, articles, and other various services (collectively known as the “Service”).
In order to use the Service, even in any closed or open beta stages, including new services or functionality that may be made available by Exodus from time to time, Members and Guests must abide by these Terms of Service. If a user fails to follow these rules, Exodus can discontinue their ability to use the Service.
In addition, we have the right to delete your postings without notice if we see evidence of abuse or other inappropriate activity.
CONDUCT
You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, information, screen names, links, graphics, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, and links (“Content”) that you submit, post and display via the Service;
You must not abuse, harass, threaten or intimidate other Members or others who use the Service, nor may you upload, post or otherwise include any Content that is defamatory, libelous, tortuous, vulgar, obscene, invasive of privacy, racially or ethnically objectionable, hateful, promotes or provides instructional information about illegal activities, or promotes any act of cruelty to animals;
You must not impersonate another Member or any official of Exodus
You cannot use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or to promote or make solicitations for any illegal or unauthorized activity;
You cannot use the Service to distribute, share or solicit Content belonging to third parties without proper authorization from the owner(s) of that Content. You must respect the proprietary and intellectual property rights of others (including trademark, copyright and trade secrecy) in submitting Content
You must not, in the use of Exodus, violate any Federal, state or local laws. If you are creating Content outside of the United States, you must comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content;
You cannot modify, adapt or hack the Exodus website or any Content that is not yours;
You cannot create or submit spam to any Guests or registered users of Exodus;
You cannot transmit or link to any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature;
You cannot transmit content in breach of a confidentiality or fiduciary obligation you may have;
You cannot attempt to automatically redirect surfers to other domains, mislead surfers of the origins of the Content contained in your submissions, or use your submissions as storage for remote loading or redirection to a website outside of the Exodus website;
You cannot interfere with or disrupt the Service, or any servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;
You cannot collect or store personal data about other users.
CONTENT OWNERSHIP
As a Member or Guest, you will be able to post various forms of Content into your submissions.
Exodus does not claim ownership of the Content you submit to Exodus. The Content will be owned by you or a third party from whom you got permission to post the content. By placing Content on Exodus, however, you grant Exodus a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license, for as long as your Content is displayed on Exodus, to reproduce, display, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your Content on Exodus.
Exodus may preserve and store Content, and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or if Exodus believes in good faith that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas); (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Exodus, its users and the public.
The Member or Guest who posts content, and not Exodus, will be fully responsible for all Content that is uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made available by the Membor or Guest in his or her postings. Exodus cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. Exodus does not pre-screen Content, but will have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse or remove any Content in a posting for any reason, including Content that may violate these Terms, or that is otherwise objectionable. Exodus also cannot take responsibility for anything that surfers may do in reliance on the Content you post.
Bottom line: put it on Exodus, and you're responsible.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Contributed Content may include links to other sites or resources. Exodus has no control over those sites and resources, and therefore you acknowledge and agree that Exodus is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources, or for any damages caused or alleged to be caused by or in relation to such Content, goods or services.
NO RESALE OF SERVICE
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.
Exodus CAN MODIFY OR DISCONTINUE THE SERVICE
Exodus reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice, without liability to you or any third party.
Exodus CAN TERMINATE THE SERVICE
Exodus, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account or use of or access to the Service and remove and discard any Content, for any reason. Some of the more likely reasons for termination are inaccurate information in the registration form, harassment of other Members or Guests, hacking the Service, illegal transactions via Exodus, and otherwise acting in violation of the terms or the spirit of these Terms of Service or other policies. If Exodus terminates your use of the Service, then your Content may be immediately taken down, and your account (if any) may be closed. In this event, Exodus will not be responsible to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. You expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk. Exodus expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Exodus makes no warranty that the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the software will be corrected.
Information presented herein is offered for educational and/or entertainment purposes only.
Responsibility for use, misuse, or abuse of the information presented herein is the sole responsibility of the party acting on the information.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You expressly understand and agree that Exodus will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the Service, unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, statements or conduct of any third party on the Service, or any other matter relating to the Service.
MISCELLANEOUS TERMS
These Terms of Service and the relationship between you and Exodus will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The failure of Exodus to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service, together with any other agreements incorporated by reference in these Terms of Service or entered into between you and Exodus in connection with your registration as a Member, constitute the entire agreement between you and Exodus and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Exodus. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other Exodus services, third-party content or third-party software. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms of Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
Related content (auto-generated)
About Michael Curry's Exodus Development
Privacy Policy
Navigation
Turn Off Google Instant
Fix Windows DLL Errors
PayPal Payment Buttons
7 Things to make Windows easier
Blogs
Recent posts
What's new
trackshooter.com
Raspberry Pi audio playback from Python
Domains for sale
TwoGrunts.com
Living with Windows?
These utilities can help prevent malware and crapware infestations
more
Popular content
Today's:WhyReboot™
PMMon - Monitor Win32 Power Management Events
Living without antivirus software
What is ielowutil.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Download AT&T Samsung Impression A877 drivers and manuals - no manuals, no drivers included with product.
All time:WhyReboot™
Living without antivirus software
Download AT&T Samsung Impression A877 drivers and manuals - no manuals, no drivers included with product.
Windows Errors - find and fix them
Fast User Switching and Welcome Screen in Windows XP
Simple classified ads module for Drupal 4.7 and Drupal 5
Tech Tips
Block MySpace.com on Windows: zero cost, no additional software
PMMon - Monitor Win32 Power Management Events
What is ielowutil.exe and why is it running on my computer?
Contents Copyright © 1998-2013, Michael Curry's Exodus Development.
All Rights Reserved.
Unauthorized duplication prohibited.
Use of this site signifies acceptance of our terms of service.
Please review our privacy policy.
Information presented herein is offered for educational or entertainment purposes only.
WhyReboot™ is a trademark of Michael Curry's Exodus Development.
Drupal® is a registered trademark of Dries Buytaert, not that you care.
Microsoft and Windows (when referring to Microsoft products or services, or the Windows® operating system) are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.