https://extremetracking.com/?policy
Brian says“I just signed up for your tracker. After 5 minutes I found out my website made Wired Magazine! Thanks!!!!!”
Home
Pro Tracker
Free Tracker
Kudos
FAQ
Contact
Login / Lost my Code / My Account
Privacy Policy
Registering
All personal information eXTReMe Tracking needs in order to register your tracker will only serve your eXTReMe Tracking Account. None of your personal information will be disclosed to anyone without your explicit permission.
Tracker Data / Stats
By using the eXTReMe Tracker code on your site you are able to collect a huge amount of information about your visitors. Nevertheless, out of respect to your visitors, no sensitive personal information such as personal names, email addresses etc. are being tracked.
Third Parties
eXTReMe Tracking works with Stripe and PayPal to process the billing for the Pro Tracker.
Find Stripe Privacy Policy at:
https://stripe.com/nl/privacy
Find PayPal Privacy Policy at:
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=p/gen/ua/policy_privacy-outside
eXTReMe Tracking works with the IP lookup and IP address API service from eXTReMe-IP-Lookup.com to enable geolocation reports.Find eXTReMe-IP-Lookup.com Privacy Policy at:https://extreme-ip-lookup.com/terms-privacy
No Cookies
Our tracking service operates without any cookies.
We only use cookies to keep you logged in at your My Account and your tracker reports.
EU GDPR
We have analyzed the requirements of the GDPR and continue to monitor new guidance for implementing the requirements of the GDPR. We made changes to our products, contracts and policies to ensure that we are fully in compliance with the GDPR before May 25, 2018.
Our clients will typically act as the data controller for any personal data made available to us in connection with their use of our website analytics services. The data controller determines the purposes and means of processing personal data, while the data processor processes data on behalf of the data controller. eXTReMe Tracking, as the data processor, will process personal data on behalf of our customers in connection with providing the services to our clients.
We may gather certain information regarding use of our clients' websites, and process data submitted by our clients or which we are instructed to process on their behalf. While it's not up to us which data we receive, it typically includes items such as IP addresses and website performance data derived from browser activity. We will process such data in order to provide the service to our customers and in accordance with applicable laws, including the GDPR.
Data Deletion and Access:
Under the GDPR, EU data subjects may request access to or erasure of personal data stored by a company. If you have an account with us just login and send us a ticket with your request. Otherwise please send us an email with verifiable records from your Internet Service Provider stating you were the owner of the data to be deleted.
Data Storage:
We're a global service offering our website analytics services to all countries in the world. We store our data securely on Amazon AWS in the USA and in the EU. Amazon AWS has EU-approved Data Processing Addendum and Model Clauses. We have signed DPAs with Amazon AWS. Meaning we can continue to run our global operations using AWS in full compliance with EU law.
Amazon AWS information:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/eu-data-protection/
If you have determined that you qualify as a data controller under the GDPR, and need a data processing addendum (DPA) in place with your qualifying vendors, our GDPR compliant DPA is available for download and signature here.
eXTReMe digital,  Geelvinckssteeg 32,  1017
BE Amsterdam,  The Netherlands
Copyright © 1998-2020 eXTReMe digital. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy