https://factorywiz.com/privacy/
FactoryWiz MonitoringPrivacy
Privacy
Protecting your privacy is important to Refresh Your Memory, Inc. We strive to keep your personal information confidential. By ensuring that you are aware of and understand the Refresh Your Memory, Inc. Customer Privacy Policy, we can provide you with better service. Please take a moment to read the following policy to learn how we handle your personal information.
Collection of Personal Information
In order to give you superior customer service, Refresh Your Memory, Inc. collects your personal information in several ways. For example, Refresh Your Memory, Inc. may ask you to provide certain information such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity. When you use the web site located at https://factorywiz.com/, Refresh Your Memory, Inc. or third parties authorized by Refresh Your Memory, Inc. may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services, such as pages visited and documents downloaded. Refresh Your Memory, Inc. may also use such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site.In addition to tracking users on the Site, if we send you email communications about Refresh Your Memory, Inc. or our Products, we may track various aspects of the email and your use of the same such as whether you open the email, whether you forward the email and to how many other users and/or whether you click on any links in the email.When you submit personal information to Refresh Your Memory, Inc., you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which Refresh Your Memory, Inc. maintains offices, including without limitation, the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted vendors of Refresh Your Memory, Inc. Such vendors are bound by contract to not use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties.In order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users and prevent abuse of our system we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submit to us with information from third party sources. For example, we may supplement your registration information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database.
How Your Personal Information May Be Used
Refresh Your Memory, Inc. might use your personal information for several purposes including:
To ensure our Site and communications to you are relevant to your needs.
To deliver services, such as newsletters, events, training or software, that you request.
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from Refresh Your Memory, Inc.
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of our Site as appropriate.
When We Disclose Personal Information
Your personal information may be shared with other Refresh Your Memory, Inc. business affiliates. They will protect your personal information in consistent with the Refresh Your Memory, Inc. Customer Privacy Policy.Refresh Your Memory, Inc. works with other companies that help us provide Refresh Your Memory, Inc. products and services to you, and we may provide your personal information to these companies. For example, we give shipping companies this information so they can deliver your products efficiently. The information they receive is for shipping and delivery purposes only. Refresh Your Memory, Inc. reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that Refresh Your Memory, Inc. deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Refresh Your Memory, Inc. also may disclose your information when Refresh Your Memory, Inc. determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety or property of Refresh Your Memory, Inc. employees, customers, or members of the public.
Public Forums
This site may make forums and news groups available to its users from time to time. Please remember that some information that is disclosed in these areas may become public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Our Company-wide Commitment to Privacy
Refresh Your Memory, Inc. does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information. Refresh Your Memory, Inc.’s website contains links to other sites. Refresh Your Memory, Inc. does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. The Refresh Your Memory, Inc. Customer Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time. We encourage you to review the privacy policy regularly for any changes.
Close