https://fairfaxsoftware.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 16, 2018
I. Introduction
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for Fairfax Software and our website, www.fairfaxsoftware.com. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:
What information we collect
With whom it is shared
How it can be corrected
How policy changes will be communicated
How to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy
II. Information We Collect Automatically
If you visit our website to browse, read, or download information, your web browser automatically sends us (and we may retain) information such as the:
Date and time you access our site
Information about the pages you looked at or searched for, including time spent and other statistical information
Internet domain through which you access the Internet (e.g. YourServiceProvider.com if you use a commercial Internet service provider, or YourSchool.edu if you use an Internet account from your school)
Internet Protocol address of the computer you are using
Type of browser software and operating system you are using
The Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our site
III. Other Information We Collect
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information. If you choose to identify yourself (or otherwise provide us with personal information) when you use our online forms:
We will collect (and may retain) any personally identifying information, such as your name, street address, email address, and phone number, and any other information you provide. We will use this information to try to fulfill your request and may use it provide you with additional information at a later time. We will not disclose such information to third parties, except as specified in this Privacy Policy.
If you request information, services, or assistance, we may disclose your personal information to those third parties that (in our judgment) are appropriate in order to fulfill your request. If, when you provide us with such information, you specify that you do not want us to disclose the information to third parties, we will honor your request. Note, however, that if you do not provide such information, it may be impossible for us to refer, respond to, or fulfill your request.
If your communication relates to a law enforcement matter, we may disclose the information to law enforcement agencies that we deem appropriate.
IV. Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this website. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other websites they used prior to coming to this website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this website by disabling cookies on your browser.
V. How Long We Keep Information
We may keep information that we collect for an unlimited period of time.
VI. Use and Sharing of Your Information
We will use this information as aggregate data to help us maintain this website, e.g., to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our website, to ensure the website is working properly, and to help us make our website more accessible and useful.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
In connection with your use of the website, we may share your information with:
Government or Law Enforcement Officials: We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as it relates to your use of our website.
Service Providers: We may share your information with our service providers so that they can help us provide our services to you.
VII. Cookies
We use “cookies” on this website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a website visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our website and identify repeat visitors to our website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our website.
You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionality of the website.
VIII. Links
This website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects personally identifiable information.
IX. How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. DNT is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browsers which allows you to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. We do not currently respond to DNT signals at this time.
X. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to helpdesk@fairfaxsoftware.com.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any services where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to helpdesk@fairfaxsoftware.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
XI. Notification of Changes
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post notice of any material revisions to this Privacy Policy on the website. We will also indicate above when such terms are effective.
XII. Contacting Us
We encourage you to contact us if you have any questions concerning our Privacy Policy or our data collection practices. You may reach us via telephone at (877) 627-8325 or via email at helpdesk@fairfaxsoftware.com.