https://fasttrack.com.au/privacy/
FastTrack Privacy Notice
Effective Date: May 2018
FastTrack and Privacy
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use and share information about you.
FastTrack, we and us refers to FastTrack Pty Ltd, FastTrack Recruitment Software Ltd and any related entities.
This Privacy Notice covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services, hereinafter referred as “Services”, or otherwise interact with us (for example, by attending our events).
This Notice also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
Where we provide the Services under contract with an organisation (for example your employer) that organisation controls the information processed by the Services.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information you provide to us directly: We collect information about you when you input it into the services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Personal Information: We may collect personal information when you apply for employment, register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases, or otherwise use our Services. This may include your name, employer, job title, contact details, date of birth, gender, qualifications, employment history, preferences, skills, interests or any other information you provide to us directly.
Information we collect automatically: We collect some information about you automatically when you visit our websites or use our services, like your IP address and device type. We may also collect information when you navigate through our website and services, including what pages you looked at and what links you clicked on. This information is useful to us as it helps us get a better understanding of how you’re using our services so that we can continue to provide the best experience possible.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technologies (refer below for further information).
Information we get from third parties: The majority of information we collect, we collect directly from you. Sometimes we might collect personal data about you from other sources, such as publicly available materials or trusted third parties like our marketing or research partners. We use this information to supplement the personal data we already hold about you, in order to better inform, and to personalise and improve our services.
Other users of our services: Other users of our services may sometimes provide information about you when they use our services, for example in opening a support case, raising a technical query or addressing a billing matter. We use this information only to provide our services.
Notice to End Users
Where we provide the Services under contract with an organisation (for example your employer), that organisation is the administrator of the service and controls the information processed by the services.
In this case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the services is subject to that organisations policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator’s organisation which may be different from this policy.
In accordance with our License and Services Agreement, FastTrack shall not, at any time, directly or indirectly, disclose, furnish or make accessible to any person, firm, corporation, or other entity, or make use of, any client data other than for the purpose of providing services to the client.
Why do we collect personal data?
When we collect personal data, we will only process it:
To perform or enter into a contract with you, or
Where we have legitimate interests to process the personal data and they’re not overridden by your rights, or
In accordance with a legal obligation, or
Where we have your consent.
If we don’t collect your personal data, we may be unable to provide you with all our services.
How do we use your data?
First and foremost, we use your personal data to provide our services and to manage our relationship with you. Specifically, we may use your personal data to:
Communicate with you:
providing you with information you’ve requested from us or information we are required to send to you.
providing information in relation to our services, for example, security updates, system updates, maintenance and assistance with using our services.
Sending marketing communications (about FastTrack or another product or service we think you might be interested in) in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Asking you for feedback or to take part in any testing or research we are conducting (which we may engage a third party to assist with)
Support you: This may include assisting with the resolution of technical support issues or other issues relating to our services.
To enhance our services or develop new ones: we are constantly looking to improve our services, by tracking your use of our services, we will aim to optimise your user experience and provide you with more efficient tools.
To protect: so that we can detect and prevent any fraudulent or malicious activity, and make sure that everyone is using our services fairly and in accordance with our License and Services Agreement.
To market to you: in addition to direct marketing communications, we may also use your personal data to display targeted advertising to you online.
To analyse, aggregate and report: we may use the personal data we collect about you and other users of our services to produce aggregated and anonymised analytics and reports, which we may share publicly or with third parties.
How do we share you data?
It’s rare, but there will be times we may share your personal data with third parties. We will only disclose your personal data to:
Third party service providers and partners who assist and enable us to use the personal data to, for example, support delivery of or provide functionality of our services, or to market or promote our goods and services to you.
Regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties where we think it’s necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or to exercise, establish or defend legal rights. Where possible, we will notify you of this type of disclosure.
An actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business.
Other people where we have your consent.
International Data Transfers
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in Australia and the United Kingdom. When we process data for the purpose of providing our services, it may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country you live in. Where we disclose personal data to a third party in another country, we put safeguards in place to ensure your personal data remains protected.
EEA Users
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depends on the services you use and how you use them.
Security
We’re committed to protecting your personal data and have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to make sure that happens.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal data depends on what it is and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it, for example, to provide you with our services or comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.
We will retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you and for a period of time afterwards where we have an ongoing business need to retain it, in accordance with our data retention policies and procedures. Following that period, we will ensure it is deleted or anonymised.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which remains on your computer and contains information which helps us identify you. Primarily we use cookies to enhance your online experience, for example to identify you so that when you log in on the next occasion it is easier and faster to authenticate your details. You can easily stop cookies, or be notified when they are being used, by adopting the appropriate settings on your browser. If you do not allow cookies to be used some of the services we provide might not be accessible to you.
Links to other Websites and Applications
Our website includes links to other websites, applications and tools that are not owned or operated by us. Those websites are not subject to our privacy policy and procedures. You will need to review those websites to view a copy of their privacy policy. FastTrack does not endorse, approve, recommend or represent the companies or content on any third party websites.
Your rights
It’s your personal data and you have certain rights relating to it. When it comes to marketing communications, you can “opt-out:” at any time – just hit “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the communication or send your request to privacy@fasttrack.com.au
You also have rights to:
Know what personal data we hold about you, and to make sure it’s correct and up to date
Request a copy of your personal data, or ask us to restrict processing your personal data or delete it
Object to our continued processing of your personal data
You can exercise these rights at any time by sending an email to privacy@fasttrack.com.au
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about our handling of your personal information, you can contact the FastTrack Privacy Officer. Such request must be made in writing to privacy@fasttrack.com.au
FastTrack will endeavour to respond to you within 7 days of receipt and resolve the complaint within 30 days. FastTrack will advise you of the outcome of the complaint and general reasons for reaching that outcome.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you can refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner via https://www.oaic.gov.au/ or your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area.