https://fieldsassociates.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Fields Associates Limited is a registered data controller under the Data Protection Act 2018 No. Z2527464.
Fields Associates Limited is dedicated to protecting your privacy and will use the information that we collect about you lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018.
We collect information about you for two reasons: to process your order and provide you with the service that you have purchased, and to provide you with the best possible service.
Representatives of Fields Associates Limited will only contact your business in relation to the services that have been purchased or in order to discuss related services which we believe may be of interest to your business. You will be under no obligation to proceed with any service that we may suggest and will inform you of any referral fee that we may receive if relevant.
We will not pass your email address or any other contact details on to unrelated third parties unless you have indicated that you are happy for us to do so and keep you informed of offers from other companies.
The information that we collect from your business will be used solely in order to fulfil your order and will not be passed on to any third parties. Any correspondence that we may send to you will relate solely to the fulfilment of the service that you have purchased or the improvement of it.
We will retain copies of electronic correspondence that is exchanged between us only. We will not retain any copies of hard documents or correspondence all of which will be shredded and disposed of securely via a certificated secure waste disposal process. You should ensure that your business retains a copy of any document that you send us in case it is required in the future.
In order to process an order, Fields Associates Limited will be required to collect the following information:
Your business’s name;
Your business’s address;
Your business’s phone number;
Your business’s email address; and
Your business’s credit/debit card details.*
Fields Associates Limited is dedicated to ensuring that all of the information that we hold in relation to our customers is accurate and up to date. You can check any of the information that we hold about your business by emailing us and, should you find any inaccuracies, we will delete or correct it promptly.
We will obtain your consent beforehand should we wish to transfer your information outside of the EEA (European Economic Area).
When you visit or interact with our site, we may use ‘cookies’ in order to store information to provide you with a faster, safer and better experience as well as for advertising purposes. Cookies can be disabled or removed by tools that are available in most commercial browsers.
Should you have any questions about our privacy policy or how we use cookies, please email us at support@fieldsassociates.co.uk.
*All transactions are handled by Worldpay Limited and Fields Associates Limited will never retain any information past the point of sale.