https://finepoint.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Collecting Personal Information
You may access most areas of this Website without registration and without giving any personal information of yourself such as your name, address, phone number and email address (“Personal Information”). However, in some circumstances you may be asked to provide us with Personal Information. Your Personal Information is mainly needed or used for the following purposes: * To provide you with customized service and contents; * To inform you of product upgrades, updated information on this Website and/or new offers and services of Fine Point Technologies; * To identify you as the purchaser or the person downloading software from this Website.
Collecting Domain and IP Address Information
Fine Point Technologies collects domain-names and/or IP addresses which are used when accessing this Website. Domain-names and/or IP addresses are collected for system analysis and internal tracking purposes only. Collecting will occur automatically when you visit this Website without requiring any action on your part.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a web site places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Some pages of this Website use cookies. Fine Point Technologies uses cookies generally in the technical implementation of the order process of software and for the purpose of providing you with customized information from this Website. Fine Point Technologies does not use cookies for reading data from your computer. Some browsers can be set to alert you when you are receiving a cookie and to give you the choice to accept or reject the cookie. If you choose not to accept a cookie from this Website some pages of this Website may not function properly and you may not be able to order or download software from this Website.
Disclosure
Fine Point Technologies uses its best efforts to protect Personal Information against loss and unauthorized use. Further, Fine Point Technologies will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties excluding, however, Fine Point Technologies’s subsidiaries to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Updating Personal Information
In the event your Personal Information has changed, for instance if you have a new address, you are encouraged to contact Fine Point Technologies through email (info@finepoint.com) and inform Fine Point Technologies about the changes. You may contact Fine Point Technologies any time through the above email address to verify that your Personal Information is up to date and accurate. Fine Point Technologies reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any accessing of this Website signifies that you agree to Fine Point Technologies’s Privacy Policy current at that date. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact Fine Point Technologies at legal@finepoint.com.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
English
English French German Spanish