https://flashgoddess.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Who we are
Our website address is: https://flashgoddess.com owned and operated by Ann-Marie Cheung.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Adobe Flashis a deprecated multimedia software platform used for production of animations, rich Internet applications, desktop applications, mobile applications, mobile games and embedded web browser video players.
Recent Posts
The Bloomz Arthouse International Online Art Show
Be Limitless!
5 Secrets to Creating a Successful Business for Cloud Computing
3D animation
Sorry, no Tweets were found.
annmarie.cheung
Could you use more joy and magic in your life?
The first big snowfall is so magical! Do you want
Studying and painting the 8 limbs of yoga #yogapra
What an amazing weekend of learning and growing an
I crave deep conversations.
I thirst for knowledge
Good night moon.
Juliette
Garden wishing well
Made of old stones an
Esmeralda
.
The azure blue sky
Reflects the world
I'll be delivering this collection tomorrow for th
Gabriella
.
Strawberry chocolate
.
Silver clouds o
New angels going to the St Thomas Public Art Centr
New angels for the upcoming show at St Thomas Publ
Been thinking a lot about where I've been and wher
The angel series continues
8x10 acrylic on wood.
More Metatron's cube.
Acrylic on cradled wood.
Felt like painting some Sacred geometry today... M
A bit behind with #inktober2020 this was the Hope
Busy working on my Angel book. Coming February 202
Dedication
.
I always thought I’d be okay dealin
See more art on my website (link in bio).
.
.
.
.
Load More...
Follow on Instagram
I use MOO cards to print my business cards and greeting cards. They have awesome print products and cool design finishes. Click Here to get 20% off your first order!
Sorry, no Tweets were found.
Recent Posts
The Bloomz Arthouse International Online Art Show
Be Limitless!
5 Secrets to Creating a Successful Business for Cloud Computing
Blogroll
Art by Ann-Marie Cheung
Art Canada
Flash Goddess Media
Just Grow It!