http://flatratepricebook.com/app1/terms.html
Toggle navigation
NSPG Price Book
Take a Look
About
Pricing
Contact
Terms of Service
Your use of your NSPG Price Book App account is your indication that you have read and agree to the following terms and conditions including any future amendments (the “Agreement”).
Content (“Content”) refers to any data, files, or other information being stored in the NSPG Price Book App.
NSPG reserves the right to update and change these Terms of Service anytime without notice.
Description of Service. NSPG Price Book App is an online subscription-based application from NSPG Inc. (the “Service”). You understand and agree that the Service is provided on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis. NSPG disclaims all responsibility and liability for the availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Service. NSPG reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service with or without notice at any time and without any liability to you. NSPG also reserves the right to refuse service to anyone at any time without notice for any reason.
Account security. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Service username and password, and are responsible for all activities that occur in your account, including the activity of any other account users.
Proper use. You agree that you will use the Service in compliance with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. NSPG reserves the right, but shall have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Service in order to determine whether a violation of the Agreement has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. You shall not, shall not agree to, and shall not authorize or encourage any third party to:
use the Service to upload, transmit or otherwise distribute any content that is unlawful, defamatory, harassing, abusive, fraudulent, obscene, contains viruses, or is otherwise objectionable as reasonably determined by NSPG;
upload, transmit or otherwise distribute content that infringes upon another party’s intellectual property rights;
prevent others from using the Service;
use the Service for any illegal, fraudulent or inappropriate purpose;
use the Service in a way that misrepresents your identity or the identity of another business;
share a user account with multiple people;
Privacy. As a condition to using the Service, you agree to the terms of the NSPG privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) as it may be updated from time to time. NSPG understands that privacy is important to you. You do, however, agree that NSPG may monitor or disclose your personal or account information, if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process or governmental request, or as otherwise provided in these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Personal and account information collected by NSPG Inc. may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which NSPG Inc. or its agents maintain facilities. By using the Service, you consent to any such transfer of account information outside of your country.
Termination and Cancellation. You may cancel your use of the Services and/or terminate this Agreement with or without cause at any time by canceling you account. Account cancellation is the sole responsibility of the account administrator. NSPG Inc. may at any time and for any reason terminate the Services, terminate this Agreement, or suspend or terminate your account. In the event of termination, your account will be disabled and you may not be granted access to your account or any files or other content contained in your account.
Support. Support is available only via support@flatratepricebook.com. Phone support is not available for the NSPG Price Book app.
Payment and Refunds. A valid Discover, Visa, Mastercard, or American Express card is needed to subscribe to an account. The Service is billed on a monthly or quarterly basis in advance depending on Service Level and is non-refundable. Accounts that are more than 15 days past due will be suspended until the balance is paid in full. When you subscribe to the NSPG Price Book App, your credit card will be immediately charged pro-rating current billing period and billing in full for your next billing period. NSPG Inc. reserves the right to modify its pricing structure at any time with or without notice.
Indemnification. You agree to hold harmless and indemnify NSPG Inc., and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from and against any third party claim arising from or in any way related to your use of the Service, including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (actual and consequential), suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees, of every kind and nature.
Choice of Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with the Service will be brought solely in Ocean County, New Jersey, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.