http://flat5software.com/privacy-policy.php
Flat 5 Software
Ear Training Software
Home
Ear Training
BigEars
Download
Purchase
Contact
Flat 5 Software Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 8, 2005
Your privacy is important
This privacy statement explains exactly what information is collected on the Flat 5 Software website and how it is used.
Collected information
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Flat 5 Software website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Please note that we do NOT collect or ask for credit card information on the Flat 5 Software web site.
All payments must be securely completed through PayPal.
How the information is used
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Security of information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please
send us an email at support@flat5software.com.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
The only way to protect your privacy is to not allow access to your information.
It is not secure to allow persons to make email requests for such information since email addresses are easily spoofed.
If you feel its necessary to review your information, or make any changes to it, call Flat 5 Software at 916 916 9702 between 9am and 5pm Pacific Standard Time.
We will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Notifications about changes to privacy policy
This privacy policy may change in the future.
To view the latest privacy policy visit this URL: http://flat5software.com/privacy-policy.php.
Home |
Site Map |
Ear Training |
BigEars |
Download |
Purchase |
Privacy Policy |
Contact
© Copyright 2004-2020 Flat 5 Software