http://flatratepricebook.com/app1/privacy.html
Toggle navigation
NSPG Price Book
Take a Look
About
Pricing
Contact
Privacy
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you and your business during registration.
What do we do with this information?
All collected information is used to provide and improve the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We transmit such information to affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing your information on our behalf.
We have a good faith belief that access, use or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues
protect against imminent harm to the rights or property of NSPG, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may transfer information about you if NSPG is acquired or merged with another company with the express purposes of using that information to continue delivering to you the services you had purchased.
Content ownership
You retain the rights to your data and we will never sell or share your data with a third party.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web site’s server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are required to access the NSPG Price Book application.
Security
NSPG Price Book passwords are encrypted. Our own staff can not view them. If you lose your password, it must be reset. If you manage your NSPG Price Book app with National Standard PRice Guide software, you can see/reset your passwords on the Web App form. You should never share passwords, user names, or login sessions. You should have passwords that are at least five characters that are a combination of numbers and letters. Letters interspersed with numbers like P2A71ss3WoR9d are more difficult to crack that password27139
Changes to this policy
Please note that we review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we may make periodic changes to the policy in connection with that review. Therefore, you may wish to periodically review this page to make sure you are familiar with the current version.