https://flowcentric.com/privacy-policy/
FlowCentric Technologies Privacy Policy
FlowCentric Technologies has established this Privacy Policy to explain how information is collected on our Websites (flowcentric.com, info.flowcentric.com, blog.flowcentric.com).
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We use the data collected on our Websites to improve and personalise your browsing experience; deliver quality service; understand what marketing initiatives are delivering the best results.
We only have access to/collect information that is in the public domain or that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact with you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organisation, other than as necessary to fulfil your request, e.g. with a certified FlowCentric Technologies Partner in your nearest geographic region.
Unless you unsubscribe we may contact you telephonically or via email in the future to tell you about specials, products, services, events, or changes to this privacy policy.
We Do Not Collect Sensitive Information
This refers to credit or debit card numbers, personal financial account information, Social Security numbers, identity numbers, passport numbers, driver’s licence numbers or similar personal identifiers, racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health condition or information, or other financial or health information. Do not enter this information into any page on our Websites.
We Do Not Collect Information About Children
Our Websites are not intended for or targeted at children under the ages of 18, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about minors. If you believe that we have collected information about a minors, please contact us at talk2us@flowcentric.com, so that we may delete the information.
Information Collected
If a user completes a form on any of our Websites FlowCentric Technologies may collect the following personal information:
User’s name
User’s company name
User’s job title
User’s email address
User’s phone number(s)
User’s country and city location
FlowCentric Technologies may collect the following information from users of our website:
Referral data, such as the website a user visited before visiting our website. This helps us to understand what marketing initiatives appeal to prospective customers and partners.
The pages that a user has viewed on our website. This helps us to understand what information users would like quick and easy access to.
Our Websites collect this information through forms and cookies. We use “cookies” to help personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, when you return to the Websites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customised features, and don’t have to type in all your information again.
Disposal or Removal of Information
You can unsubscribe from FlowCentric Technologies’ emails at any time by scrolling to the bottom of the emails, selecting the unsubscribe link and following the prompts from there.
If there isn’t an unsubscribe option at the bottom of an email, please email the sender (and CC talk2us@flowcentric.com) to let them know that you don’t want to receive emails from them anymore.
FlowCentric Technologies securely retains your contact information for as long as it is deemed necessary by both parties. For example, if you are actively subscribed to our blog, or you are a customer that is interested in receiving updates we will store your data. If you do not unsubscribe but are inactive on our website or unresponsive to our emails, your information will be removed from our records. You can subscribe again or unsubscribe from automated emails any time you like.
Managing Your Data
You can update your data through the link at the bottom of our emails.
You can change your preferences or unsubscribe from emails through this link.
You can request a view of the data we have on record about you by emailing us at talk2us(at)flowcentric.com.
In the unlikely event that FlowCentric Technologies or its assets are acquired, user and customer information will be one of the assets transferred. We will do our best to notify you of this change and give you the option to change your details.
Additional Tracking
Our website uses the following tracking codes:
Google Analytics
HubSpot
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
These tracking codes are used to understand which campaigns and platforms resonate best with our prospective customers and partners.
Public Forums
We offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, forums, or social media platforms this information may be collected and used by others.
External Websites
Our Websites and social media pages provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
SoftwareProcessware
Collaborate
Training
PartnersBecome a Partner
Find a Partner
Contact Us
Operating Hours 8H00 – 17H00
Monday to Friday
Scroll to top