https://fluenz.com/privacy/
×
Spanish Immersion
Languages
Spanish
French
Italian
German
Mandarin
Spanish (Spain)
Portuguese
For organizations
Homeschool
Grades 7-12
Higher Ed
Government
Companies
Non-Profit
Our Story
Support
Blog
LogIn
Fluenz is concerned about protecting the privacy of all of our web site visitors. We respect your privacy and your choice to not have your personal information shared with other people. Please read the following to learn more. Your use of our web site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information
Fluenz does not collect personally identifying data, such as names, addresses, email addresses, and the like, except when voluntarily submitted by web site visitors.
For non-registered users, Fluenz does not collect personally identifying data from site visitors. For registered users, we only collect personally identifiable information which you provide. This information is normally provided when you (a) register as a user of the site; (b) send us email or (c) choose to receive emails from Fluenz.
The personally identifiable information which you provide is used only to customize the content and advertising which you see, and for us to contact you by email when you have authorized us to do so.
Non-personally identifiable information is used anonymously and in the aggregate for us to conduct research and to improve the performance, compatibility, and marketing of our services. Fluenz.com uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites. This information includes technical information such as browser type, computer platform, as well as click-stream information, searches performed and other website activities which we record and analyze in the aggregate.
We work with Google AdWords to show you ads, based on your prior visits to this website. You may opt out of receiving our ads at any time by visiting Google’s advertising opt-out page: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
We also work with DAA and NAI compliant companies such as AdRoll to show ads, based on your prior visits to this website. You may opt out of receiving these ads at any time by visiting the DAA opt-out site www.aboutads.info or the NAI opt-out site at networkadvertising.org/choices, or for those in Europe, the EDAA opt out site at youronlinechoices.eu
Collection of Information by Third Parties
At this time neither Fluenz or its affiliates is involved in the charging and processing of credit card information when you make a purchase. Purchases are processed by USA Epay or by PayPal, neither of which share your credit card information with Fluenz.
Disclosure Of Information
Fluenz will not disclose or share any personal information you provide to us with any other party without your permission, except if requested to do so in accordance with a court order, subpoena, or similar legal order, and in the event such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Fluenz, its users, and other third parties. Fluenz will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Links
Fluenz may provide links to other third party web sites, and other web sites may provide links to the Fluenz web site. Third party web sites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. Fluenz has no control over such third party web sites, and therefore you acknowledge and agree that Fluenz is not responsible for the availability of such third party sites, and does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that Fluenz will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Children
Fluenz does not solicit personal information from children. You must be 13 years or older to use this site.
Changes to our Policy
Fluenz may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on this page or if you are a registered user we may notify you by email at the primary address which you have provided.
Terms of Usey
Use of this web site is subject to our Terms of Use. By using this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions contained therein.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, our online practices, or your dealings with this web site, please send an email to privacy@fluenz.com.
Fluenz Mandarin
Fluenz German
Fluenz Italian
Fluenz Blog
Fluenz Immersion Blog
Contact Us
Fluenz Support
Contact Us at usersupport@fluenz.com
1000 5th St, suite 200
Miami Beach, FL 33139
Follow Sonia
Follow Fluenz
Quick Links
Fluenz Immersion
Fluenz at Apple App Store
Fluenz at Google Play Store
Fluenz Spanish
Fluenz French
Fluenz Portuguese
Fluenz Mandarin
Fluenz German
Fluenz Italian
Fluenz Blog
Fluenz Immersion Blog
Contact Us
Fluenz Support
Contact Us at usersupport@fluenz.com
Call us at 1-877-358-3695
1000 5th St, suite 200
Miami Beach, FL 33139
All Rights Reserved, 2017-2020.
Privacy | Terms of Use
All Rights Reserved, 2017-2020