https://foundation.wikimedia.org/wiki/Friendly_space_policy
Friendly space policy
From the Wikimedia Foundation Governance Wiki
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
This policy is maintained by the Wikimedia Foundation to apply to Foundation activities.
Wikimedia policies
Wikimedia wikis
Access to nonpublic information
Code of conduct for Wikimedia technical spaces, including events
Data retention
Donor
Licensing
Privacy
Trademarks
Board and staff members
Code of conduct
Code of conduct of the Board of Trustees
Conflict of interest
Confidentiality agreement of the Board of Trustees
Credit card usage
Delegation of authority
Subdelegation
Duty entertainment
Gifts
Non-discrimination
Pluralism, internationalism, and diversity
Travel
Travel approval
Whistleblower
Other
Requests for user information
Feedback privacy statement
Friendly space policy
Fundraising principles
Funds dissemination principles
Legal policies
Purchasing and disbursements procedures
Friendly space policy for Wikimedia Foundation events
The Wikimedia Foundation is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone at all venues and events - such as conferences, virtual events, and related social events - that this policy applies to regardless of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical appearance, age, race, ethnicity, political affiliation, national origin, or religion—and not limited to these aspects. We do not tolerate any form of harassment of conference participants. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any conference venue or talks. Any participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the conference at the discretion of the conference organizers.
Harassment includes but is not limited to offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, physical appearance, age, race, ethnicity, political affiliation, national origin, or religion. Harassment also includes sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, unwelcome following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.
If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the conference organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the conference. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of conference staff immediately. Conference staff can be identified by special badges.
Staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference. We value your attendance.
Organizers: Contact information will be publicized to event participants on a per-event basis.
Local phone numbers for hotel/venue security, local law enforcement, local sexual assault hotline, local emergency and non-emergency medical, and local taxi company to be publicized to event participants as appropriate on a per-event basis.
We expect participants to follow these rules at Wikimedia Foundation venues and events - such as conferences, virtual events, and related social events - that this policy applies to.
Youth Safety
The Wikimedia Foundation is committed to ensuring a safe and positive experience for young attendees at venues and events that this policy applies to. For this purpose, organizers and participants must follow these requirements:
People of age 14 or younger will not register (or be allowed to register) for or attend Wikimedia Foundation events unless accompanied by a parent or legal guardian.
People between the age of 15 to the age of majority in the location of an event will only be able to attend as part of a group with at least one responsible adult. Conference organizers will inform the responsible adult that youth should not be left unattended during an event. If conference organizers are uncertain about the local age of majority, we suggest following the United Nations definition of youth as between ages 15–24.
Mature content such as violent or sexually explicit imagery will not be displayed in public areas of a venue. Spaces where such content is displayed will identify this type of content and require separate registration or sign-up to attend. If the event is designed for young people, this type of content will be avoided altogether. Conference organizers should use their discretion in determining whether content is appropriate for young attendees.
Events or venues designed for young people aged 15–24 will have a safety plan for young attendees including, at minimum:
a contact method displayed at the venue to reach qualified event staff if an attendee is concerned about their own or another young attendee’s safety and
a method for ensuring the event or venue is not attended by uninvited guests.
If the event or venue is overnight, it will also have a method for age-adequately and safely housing young attendees.
Conference organizers will have copies of the youth safety plan available for event attendees.
In addition, conference organizers are responsible for ensuring that their events comply with all local laws and regulations that apply to young attendees.
If you are attending a Wikimedia event or venue and encounter any concerns related to young attendees, please contact a member of the event staff immediately.
See also
Code of conduct policy
Code of conduct for Wikimedia technical spaces, including events
Privacy policy
Retrieved from "https://foundation.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=Friendly_space_policy&oldid=123572"
Category: PolicyHidden category: Governance wiki
Navigation menu
Personal tools
EnglishLog in
Namespaces
PageDiscussion
Variants
Views
ReadFeedbackView history
More
Search
About Wikimedia
HomeOfficial websiteContact usWikimedia BlogQuestions for Wikimedia?
Support
DonateVolunteeringWikimedia Shop
Corporate
BylawsValuesPoliciesResolutionsAnnual ReportFinancial reports and Form 990Fundraising reportsMovement affiliates
Wiki
Give feedbackRecent changes
Tools
What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationCite this page
Print/export
Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version