https://fractal.ai/privacy-cookies/
Privacy & Cookies
What exactly are cookies? In order to collect the information including personal data as described in this Notice, we may use cookies and similar technology on our website. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive, mobile phone or other device. Cookies can be first party, i.e. cookies that the website you are visiting places on your device, or third party cookies, i.e. cookies placed on your device through the website but by third parties, such as, Google.Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any Personal Data.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalized features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization.
Analytics Cookies allow Fractal to monitor and analyze the usage of the Website. Our cookies store randomly assigned user identification numbers, pages visited by a visitor, time spent on a page, clicks, demographic information about the visitor such as country, IP address, device and operating system used by the visitor. We also use cookies for distinguishing users and user sessions and for identifying new users and sessions, to determine the traffic source that explains how the user reached our site and to throttle user request rate in order to limit the number of data requests in a time frame.
Some of the cookies used by us are necessary for the functionality of the website to store the consent of the users for dropping advertising and other cookies. We also use advertising cookies of our partners like Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter for re-targeting and marketing purposes.
When you arrive on our website a pop-up message will appear asking for your consent to place cookies on your device. In order to provide your consent, please go through the details of cookies used by our website for different purposes. You can set your preferences accordingly and click ‘OK. Once your consent has been provided, this message will not appear again when you revisit. If you, or another user of your device, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by opting out as per your choice by clicking here.