https://fractal.ai/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
When you access this site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to abide by the terms described below. If you do not agree to the terms discussed here, you should exit this site now.
Copyright Notice
Everything on this site is copyrighted. The copyrights are owned by Fractal (“Fractal”, implies Fractal Analytics Limited and all companies wholly or partially owned by it) or the original creator of the material. However, you are free to view, copy, print, and distribute Fractal material from this site, as long as:
The material is used for information only
The material is used for non-commercial purposes only.
Copies of any material include Fractal copyright notice.
Third Party Copyrights and Copyright Agent
The Fractal is committed to respecting others’ intellectual property rights, and we ask our users to do the same. The Fractal may, in its sole discretion, terminate the accounts or access rights of users who violate others’ intellectual property rights.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement on our Web site, please deliver the following information to the Fractal:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on our Web site;
Your address, telephone number, and email address so that we may contact you;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice to us is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Please send this information to – Fractal Analytics Private Limited, Level 7, Commerz II, International Business Park, Oberoi Garden City, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (E), Mumbai 400 063
Trademarks
The Fractal Logo is a trademark of Fractal Analytics Limited. You may not use these without the written permission of Fractal.
No Warranty
While Fractal attempts to provide accurate information on this Web site, it assumes no responsibility for accuracy. The Fractal may change the information on the site at any time without notice.
Material on this site is provided “as is” and does not constitute a warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. Fractal disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied. This includes but is not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. It also includes any expressed or implied warranties arising from any course of dealing, usage, or trade practice.
Limitation of liability
Fractal is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of the use-or the inability to use-the material on this site. This includes but is not limited to the loss of data or loss of profit, even if Fractal was advised of the possibility of such damages.
Links
While this Web site may contain links to third-party sites, Fractal is not responsible for the content of any linked sites.
Your Posted Information
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, obscene, libelous, or otherwise offensive material.
Your Submission
Any material, information, or idea submitted or posted on this Web site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. Fractal may share or otherwise use your submission for any purpose whatsoever. If any of the information submitted constitutes personal data, you agree that Fractal may transmit such personal data across international boundaries for any Fractal business purpose. Personal data will be treated as set forth in our Privacy Statement.
Jurisdiction and Choice of Law All claims or issues regarding this Web site, shall be governed according to the laws of the State of Maharashtra, India. Any legal action concerning these Terms or this Web site must be brought within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises and must be brought in the State of Maharashtra.