http://games.greggman.com/game/apple-privacy/#disqus_thread
Top
About
Search
@greggman
github
10 Things Apple Could do to Increase Privacy.
2019-07-22
Apple under Tim Cook is staking out the claim that they are "the Privacy company".
Apple products are designed to protect your privacy.
At Apple, we believe privacy is a fundamental human right.
Here's 10 things they could do to actually honor that mission.
1. Disallow Apps from using the camera directly.
This one is problematic but ... the majority of apps that ask to use
your camera do not actually need access
to your camera. Examples are the Facebook App, The Messenger App, the
Twitter App. Even the Instagram App. Instead Apple could change their APIs
such that the app asks for a camera picture and the OS takes the picture.
This removes the need to for those apps to have access to the camera at
all. The only thing the app would get is the picture you took using the
built in camera functionality controlled by the OS itself. If you don't
take a picture and pick "Use Picture" then the app never sees anything.
As it is now you really have no idea what the app is doing. When you are
in the Facebook app, once you've given the app permission to use the camera
then as far as you know
the app is streaming video, or pictures to Facebook constantly.
You have absolutely no idea.
By changing the API so that the app is required to ask the OS for a
photo that problem would be solved.
The problem with this solution is it doesn't cover streaming video
since in that case the app needs the constant video. It also doesn't
cover unique apps that do special things with the camera.
One solution to the unique camera feature issue would be app store
rules. Basically only "camera" apps would be allowed to use the
camera directly. SNS apps and other apps that just need a photo
would be rejected if they asked for camera permission instead of
asking the OS for a photo.
Another solution might be that the OS always ask the user for permission
to use the camera (or at least provide the option). In other words
if you are in some app like the Instagram app and you click the "take
a photo" image the OS asks you "Allow App To Use The Camera?" each
and every time. As it is now it only asks once. For those people
that are privacy conscious being able to give the app each and every
time would prevent spying.
2. Disallow Apps from using the Mic directly
See previous paragraph just replace every instance of "camera"
with "mic"
3. Disallow access to all Photos
This is similar to the two above but, as it is now apps like
the Facebook App, Twitter, etc will ask for permission to
access your photos. They do this so they can provide an interface
to let you choose photos to post on facebook or tweet on twitter.
The problem is the moment you give them permission they can
immediately look at ALL of your photos. All of them!
It would be better if Apple changed the API so the app asks
the OS to ask you to choose 1 or more photos. The OS would
then present an interface to choose 1 or more photos at which
point only those photos you chose are given to the app.
That way apps could not read all of your photos.
Note that I get that some apps also want permission to read
all your photos to enable to upload all of them automatically
as you take them. That fine, it should just be a separate
permission and Apple should enforce that features that let you
choose photos to upload go through the OSes photo chooser
and that apps that want full permission to access all photos
for things like backup must also function without that permission
when selecting photos for other purposes.
4. Let GPS be one time only
There are 3 options for GPS currently
Let the app use GPS always
Let the app use GPS when active
Disallow GPS
There needs to a 4th
Ask for permission each time
As it is, basically if you give an app permission to
use GPS at all then every time you access that app it
gets to know where you are.
It would be much more privacy oriented if you could choose
to only give it GPS access for a moment, next 5 minutes,
next 30 minutes, etc...
As it is now if you're privacy conscious you have to dig
deep into the settings app for the privacy options. Give
an app permission for GPS, then remember to dig through
those options again to turn GPS permission back off a few minutes
later.
That's not a very privacy oriented design.
5. Disallow apps from implementing an internal web browser.
Many apps show links to websites. For example Twitter or
Facebook or the Google Maps app. When you click the links
those apps open a web browser directly inside their app.
This means they can spy on everything you do in that web browser.
That's not privacy oriented.
Apple should disallow having an internal web browser. They could
do this by enforcing a policy that you can only make an
app that can access all websites if that app is a web browser app.
Otherwise you have to list the sites your app is allowed to access
and that list has to be relatively small.
Many apps are actually just an app that goes directly to some
company's website which is fine. The app can list company.com
or *.company.com as the sites it accesses. Otherwise it's
not allowed to access any other websites.
This would force apps to launch the user's browser when they
click a link which would mean the apps could no longer spy
on your browser activity. The most the could do is know
the link you clicked. The couldn't know every link you
click after that nor could the log everything you enter
on every website you visit while in their app as they can
do now.
Note that this would also be better user experience IMO.
Users are used to the features available in their browser.
For example being able to search in a page. Being able to
turn on reader mode. Being able to bookmark and have those
bookmarks sync. Being able to use an ad blocker. Etc... As it is
when an app uses an internal web browser all of these features
are not available. It's inconsistent and inconvenient for the user.
By forcing apps to launch the user's browser all of that is solved.
Note: Apple should also allow setting a default browser so that
users can choose Firefox or Brave or Chrome or whatever browser
the choose for the features they want. If I use Firefox on
my Mac I want to be able to bookmark things on iOS and have
those bookmarks synced to my Mac but that becomes cumbersome
if the OS keeps launching Safari instead of Firefox or whatever
my browser of choice is.
6. Put a light on the camera/mic?
In Japan there is a law that phone cameras must make a shutter noise.
I actually despise that law. I want to be able to take pictures of
my delicious gourmet meal in a quiet fancy restaurant without alerting
and annoying all the other guests that I'm doing so. Japan claims
this is to prevent perverts from taking up skirt pictures but
perverts can just buy non-phone cameras and they can use an app
because apps are not bound by the same laws so in effect this law
does absolutely nothing except make it annoying and embarrassing
to take pictures in quiet places.
On the other hand, if there was a small green, or orange light next
to the camera that was physically connected to the camera's power
so that it came on when the camera is on then I'd know when the
camera was in use which would at least be a privacy oriented
feature and so unlike the law above it would have a point.
If they wanted to be cute they could use a multi-color LED where
red = camera is on, green = mic is on, yellow = both are on.
Let me add, I wish Apple devices had a built in camera cover
or at least the Macs. I know you can buy a 3rd party one but
adding a built in cover would show Apple is serious above Privacy.
7. Disallow scanning WiFi / Bluetooth for most apps
AFAIK any app can scan WiFi and or bluetooth. Apps can use
this info to know your location even if you have GPS off.
Basically there are databases of every WiFi's SSID (the name you
pick to connect to a WiFi hotspot/router) and the databases also have recorded
that WiFi's GPS so if they know which
WiFis are near then they basically know where you are.
Here's a website where you can see what I'm talking about.
Zoom in anywhere in the world and it will show the known
WiFi hotspots / routers.
https://wigle.net/
Why do most apps need this ability? They don't? Why doesn't
Apple disallow it for most apps?
There are exceptions. I have a Wifi scanner app and a
WiFi signal strength app and even a
Bluetooth scanner and testing app
that are very useful but Apple could easily have an App Store
policy that only network utilities are allowed to use this
powerful spying feature.
There is absolutely no reason the Twitter app or the Facebook
app need to be able to see WiFi SSIDs nor local bluetooth devices.
Apple could easily add a permission requirement to use these
features and only allow select apps have them. OR they could
add it as yet another per app privacy setting.
8. Allow more Browser engines
This one is probably the most controversial suggestion here.
The reasoning though goes like this
Safari is not even remotely the most secure browser.
This is provable by looking through the National Vulnerability Database (NVD)
run by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
In it you can see that while all browsers have around the same amount of
vulnerabilities the types of vulnerabilities are different. Some browsers are designed to be
more secure and so are less likely to have vulnerabilities that compromises
your device and therefore your privacy. To put it slight more concretely
2 browsers might both have 150 vulnerabilities a year but one might have 90%
code execution vulnerabilities (your device and data are compromised) and the
other might have 90% DOS vulnerabilities (your device slows down or freezes but
no data is compromised). If you check the database you'll find it's
true that some browsers have orders of magnitude more code execution
vulnerabilities than others.
By allowing competing browser engines users would have the choice to run
those empirically more secure browser engines.
As it is now Safari has zero competition on iOS. A developer can make a new
browser but it's really just Safari with a skin. That means Apple
has less competition and so there is less pressure to make Safari better.
Allowing competing browsers engines would both be win for privacy
and encourage faster and more development of Safari.
The number 1 objection I hear is that allowing other engines is a security
issue but that is also provably false. See the NVD above. Other engines
are more secure. By disallowing other engines you prevent users from
protecting themselves from being hacked and therefore having
their privacy invaded.
Another objection I hear is JITing, turing JavaScript into code, is
something only Apple should be able to do. That argument basically
boils down to Apple's app sandbox is insecure and that all apps
must be 100% perfect or else they can escape the sandbox. You can't
have it both ways. Either Apple's app sandbox is insecure and therefore
the whole product is insecure OR Apple's app sandbox is secure and
therefore allowing JITing doesn't affect that security. Now of course
Apple's app sandbox could have bugs but those bugs can be exploited by
any app. The solution is for Apple to be diligent and fix the bugs
quickly and timely. The solution is not to make up some bogus JIT
restriction.
To make an analogy if a product advertises as waterproof then it
better actually waterproof. It can't come with some disclaimer
that says "waterproof to 100meters but don't actually put this
product in water as it might break".
The JIT argument is basically the same. "Our app sandbox is secure
but don't actually run any code". It's clear the JIT argument
is bogus. It's exists only to allow Apple a monopoly on browsers
on iOS so they don't have to compete and so they can wield veto
power over all browser standards. Since only they can make new
browser features available to their 1.4 billion iOS devices
if they don't support a feature it might as well not exist. Since
devs can't use the feature with those 1.4 billion devices they
generally just avoid the feature altogether even on non iOS devices.
All that is the long way of saying users would be more secure
and get better privacy if they could run more secure and more
privacy oriented browsers.
9. Lower the price of Apple products or come out with cheaper alternatives
Apple fans won't like this reason. I don't consider myself an Apple fan and
yet I own a Macbook Air, a Macbook Pro, a Mac Mini, an iPad Air 3rd Generation, an
iPhone6+, an iPhoneX, an Apple TV 4 and at one point I also owned late 2018 iPad Pro and
4th Gen Apple Watch so clearly I also like Apple even if I don't consider
myself a fanatic.
The thing is Apple is expensive. People will argue Apple's quality is high
and worth the price and that might be true but it's kind of beside the point.
You could make the argument a BMW or Mercedes Benz is a higher quality car
than a Kia or a Hyundai but someone who only has a budget for a used Kia or
Hyundai it's not realistic to ask them to buy an BMW or Mercedes
Similarly if you have a family of 4 and you want to give everyone in the
family their own laptop computer you can buy 4 Windows laptops for the price
of the cheapest Mac laptop. Sure those $200-$300 laptops are not nearly as
nice as a Macbook Air but just like a Kia will still get you to your job a
$250 Windows laptop will still let you browse the internet, run Microsoft
Word, Illustrator, Photoshop, listen to music, watch youtube, edit a blog,
read reddit, learn to program, etc.... It's unrealistic to ask a family of
four to spend $4400 for 4 mac laptops instead of $1200 for 4 windows laptops.
Now you might be thinking so what… people who can afford should be able to
spend their money on whatever they want. That's no different than anything
else. Rich people buy penthouses just off Central Park and poor people live
in trailer parks. The difference though is for most expensive things there
are functionally equivalent inexpensive alternatives. A Kia will get you to
work just as well as a BMW. Cheap clothing from Old Navy or Uniqlo or H&M will
cloth you just as well as clothing from Versace or Prada or Louis Vuitton
or pick you favorite but expensive brand. The food at Applebees will feed you
just as well as the food from French Laundry. A $250 Vizio TV will let you
watch TV just as functionally as a $4000 Sony.
But, if Apple really is the only privacy oriented option, if Android and
Windows don't take your privacy seriously, then Apple being out of reach of
so many people is … well I don't know what words to use basically say that
people that can't afford Apple don't deserve privacy.
Of course that's not Apple's fault. Microsoft for Windows and Google for
Android could step up and start making their OSes stop sucking for privacy.
My only point is if Apple is "the privacy company" then at the moment they
are really "the privacy company for non-poor people" only and that they could
be the privacy company for everyone if they offered some more affordable
alternatives.
10. Stop asking for passwords to repair
If you take your Apple device into repair they will ask you for your
password or passcode. What the actual Effing Eff!??? Privacy? What? What's
that? No, give us the password that unlocks all of your bank accounts,
shopping accounts, bitcoin accounts, etc. Give us the password that
lets us look at all your photos and videos.
Give us the password that gives us access to the email on your device so that we can use that to open all other
accounts by asking for password resets. Give us the password for the device
that has all your two-factor codes and apps that confirm login on various
services.
This is Apple's default stance. If you take a device in for service they will ask you
for your password or passcode. That is not the kind of policy a privacy
first company would have!
If you object they might tell you to change your password to something else and then
change it back after you've gotten the repaired device back. That helps them
not to know your normal password. It doesn't prevent all the stuff above.
If it's a Mac they'll give you the option to either turn on the guest
account or add another account for them to login. Unfortunately that's
really no better. If you're actually privacy oriented you'll have encrypted
the hard drive. Giving them a password that unlocks the drive effectively
gives them access to all your data whether or not a particular account has
access to that data.
You can opt out of that too in which case they'll basically throw up their
hands and say "In that case we may not be able to confirm the repairs".
Another option is you can format the drive before giving it to them.
Is that really the only option a privacy orient company should give you?
Now I get it, I'm sympathetic to the fact that it's harder for them if you
don't give them the password. Still, for a Mac they can plug in an external
drive and boot off that and at least confirm the machine itself is fine. For
an iOS device, if they really are a "Privacy First" company then they need
to find another way. They need to design a way to service the products that
doesn't risk your privacy and risk exposing all your data.
Do I trust Apple as a company? Mostly. Do I trust every $15 an hour
employee at the store like the one asking for password? No!
Do I even trust some repair technician making more money but
who may be getting paid on the side to scoop up login credentials? No! Do I
know they destroy the info when the repair is finished? Nope! They ask you
to write it down. As far a I know I could go dig through the trash behind an
Apple store and find tons of credentials. Also as far as I know it's all
stored in their service database ready to be stolen or hacked.
A privacy first company would do something different. They might for example
backup your entire hard drive or iDevice, then reformat it, work on it, then
restore. They might put it all on a USB drive, and hand the drive to you,
you bring it back when they're done with any physical repairs and they
restore it then and reformat the drive. If that's too slow then that's just
incentive for them to make it faster. The might add some special service
partition or service mode they can boot devices into.
The point is, a company that claims to take privacy seriously shouldn't be
asking you to tell them the single most important password in your life. The
password that unlocks all other passwords.
I'm not really hopeful Apple will make these changes but I'd argue if they don't
make them then their statements of
Apple products are designed to protect your privacy.
At Apple, we believe privacy is a fundamental human right.
Is really just marketing and not at all real. Let's hope it is real and they
take more steps to increase user privacy.
Tags: apple
Comments
A Bad rant on a bad rant on OpenGL ES
What to do about dependencies