https://gatorwebs.com/privacy-policy/
Our Promise
Keeping customer information private is a priority for Gatorwebs Creative Design Studio. However, we want to emphasize that we are committed to maintaining the privacy of this information in accordance with the law. All of our employees with access to personal information about our customers are required to follow Gatorwebs Creative Design Studio’s privacy policy.
We are providing you this notice to inform you of what information we collect and how that information is handled.
Information We Collect
Information we receive from you on any online forms.
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others.
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
Information We Share
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers to any non-affiliated entity except as described below and otherwise permitted by law. We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that assist us in the servicing your request.
In no event do we disclose your personal information to companies that will use that information to contact you about their own products or services.
Our Security Procedures
We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those who need such information to assist us in processing any online requests. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulation to guard your non-public personal information.
Questions & Comments
If you have questions about this notice, please e-mail us at privacy@gatorwebs.com.
WHERE WE EXCEL
WEB DEVELOPMENT
Custom web development for your business. Custom logos and color schemes to suit your needs. Your satisfaction is "Priority One."
CUSTOM FLASH DEVELOPMENT
We'll design your custom website in Flash as well as custom Flash web components to meet your exact specifications.
DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION
Register your new domain name today with us! Enjoy our Free services: "For Sale" page, Domain Forwarding and Masking, Domain Locking , Status Alerts and more.
E-MAIL PLANS
Get fast, personalized e-mail for yourself, your team or the whole office. Free Calendar, Free Online File Folder, Mobile Access and more!
© 2020 Gatorwebs Creative Design Studio. All Rights Reserved.
HOME
REQUEST A QUOTE
CONTACT US
PRIVACY POLICY
Start typing and press Enter to search