http://gbsdezign.com/privacy
(503) 726-5975
What our clients are saying
“GBS Dezign has assisted the needs of RYOS Group with aspects outside the original brief, such as the change of hosting provider for the websites, new back office systems and the development of new payment gateways. Their help with these matters has been fantastic.”
Geoff Cox – Managing Director
RYOS Group Ltd
“Their design skills especially are without equal, in our opinion and experience, although we rate every aspect of their work as excellent. We consistently receive excellent feedback
from system users and the public in general about how excellent our website and system is.”
Rob Macleod – Resource Manager
Fresh Perspective
“GBS was amazingly intuitive in its ability to implement and expand on our ideas and to develop those ideas into a well-organized site that meets our needs exactly and has been enthusiastically received by our clients.”
Dave Rinning – Partner
Welles Rinning
Commercial Real Estate Services
“We have used GBS Dezign for 13 years for many different projects. They take an interest in what we are trying to communicate, they’re creative, and because they produce such swift results, the fees become quite modest when compared with other creative / DTP / web site bureaus we have used in the past. They are a pleasure to work with and I highly recommend them.”
James Carroll – CEO
THOR International LTD
“The decision to use GBS Dezign has been one of the best decisions we’ve made. From the very first project, to the numerous projects we’ve completed since, we’ve been extremely impressed with the professionalism and creativity that Tony and his team have displayed. Every project completed has exceeded our expectations and the processes used throughout have been well managed and delivered to an extremely high standard.”
Chris Allen – Business Development Manager
Hurlstone Earthmoving Ltd
Recent Work
Premier Gear & Machine WorksPremier Gear & Machine Works is a family oriented, small business operating in Portland, Oregon since 1923. Our mission is to provide the highest level of customer satisfaction by producing quality industrial machinery, components and process control systems while pursuing technical growth and market diversification. We strive to provide increased value for our customers and […]
Mark MeekMark Meek would like to be Clackamas County’s next County Clerk. Mark’s experience and professionalism will be a welcomed change at the Clackamas County Clerk’s office. Mark served 8 years in the US Air Force both guarding missiles in Montana and later on serving as a Squadron Personnel Director. He was responsible for the 341st […]
Beaverton Sun RunDon’t miss out on Beaverton’s SECOND ANNUAL Sun Run, a premier family event hosted by the Beaverton Rotary Club. The challenging 10K route will take you from Griffith Park near Beaverton Town Square and through the Central Beaverton neighborhood. The 5K is an event for the whole family, including runners, fast walkers, and families with […]
Michael Hoff BooksAltru is a modern day science fiction book with everything you want in a future best selling novel. Altru has top secret government conspiracy, military involvement, top scientists, love, betrayal, murder, all taking place while trying to save the young hybrid children, part human, part wolf, which are taken by the military to be trained […]
Dan-n-Son’s Tree ServiceWith a lifetime of experience, Dan is the primary climber, and with his high level of skills and expertise, jobs are done right the first time! Tree will not be overpruned, stumps are never half ground, and trees will not bounce off your house. Dan will never send over an inexperienced person to do a […]
Jennifer Wakayama InsuranceCurrently serving as Membership Chair of the Portland Association of Health and a member of both the Oregon and Portland Associations of Health Underwriters, Jen is actively engaged in the healthcare conversation. Her level of engagement enables her to provide clear answers to your questions, and a deep understanding of how you can use healthcare […]
Portland Reading FoundationPortland Reading Foundation is a reading intervention program serving children attending Portland-area Title I (low-income) schools. The program has been serving elementary and middle school children since 2005 and has served more than 1,000 children to date.
Dayton School DistrictDayton schools pride themselves on a long tradition of academic and athletic excellence, distinguished by a dedicated staff, a safe learning environment, and a supportive community.
Bach Custom CoatingsBach Custom Coatings was founded on a very simple philosophy: “Provide the highest quality products available and strive to exceed the client’s expectations.” Unlike other companies out there, they work exclusively on concrete floors. Bach Custom Coatings are committed to providing their customers with the highest level of service and integrity in the coatings business.
Official All Blacks Rugby ShopThe Official Online Apparel and Merchandise store for the All Blacks. GBS Dezign was approached to provide a new online store, to sell branded sports apparel, casual clothing, and other merchandise associated with the most famous Rugby team in the world. The allblackshop.com website was developed within a stringent time frame and employs the latest […]
Canterbury of NZCanterbury was established in the New Zealand province of Canterbury in 1904 to manufacture and supply rugby jerseys. Backed by a century of rigorous on-field testing, Canterbury is now the world’s largest rugby brand. No other apparel company in the world has the same singular focus on rugby as Canterbury of New Zealand. Canterbury has […]
ZealZeal is a not-for-profit youth organisation that exists for the advancement of young people in the creative arts, leadership and education. For more than a decade Zeal has supported young people through development pathways and events at its purpose-built youth facilities.
Davidson FraserDavidson Fraser is a boutique business advisory service firm specialising in accountancy, taxation planning and business structures. Hector Bassett is the principal and has 23 years business experience, mostly in accountancy, including 4 years with Inland Revenue. The last 8 years have been in Chartered Accounting – Business Advisory Services. Davidson Fraser Ltd’s online consultation […]
Find a Laser TherapistFind a Laser Therapist is a global directory for Laser Therapy practitioners. You can find a practitioner working with Low Level Laser Therapy (LLLT) close to you by using the advanced search. Practitioners who include Laser Therapy in their practice are invited to register in the directory.
Anne Penman InternationalStress Management Program, Stop Smoking Program and Weight Loss Program. There are over 30 Anne Penman Centers in around the world, all independently owned and operated. ‘It is my dream to help as many people as possible make long-term lifestyle changes. I truly believe that with the right support you can do anything’ Anne Penman.
FairWarningFairWarning is an online, nonprofit publication that seeks to provide robust, public interest journalism on issues of health, safety and corporate conduct. Their mission is to arm consumers and workers with valuable information, and to spotlight reckless business practices and lax oversight by government agencies. FairWarning do this by producing original investigations on issues of […]
Mr Fantasy FootballMr Fantasy Football always loved football, but after discovering the fantasy football league he had a new passion. Since entering the competition he has grown to the top of the ranks and is now one of the top 0.02% players in the Premier League out of a pool with over 2 million players. With this […]
University of Otago RehabThe newly established Rehabilitation and Disability Research Theme (University of Otago Research Theme) aims to bring together researchers from diverse backgrounds to conduct high quality research that will enhance the effectiveness of rehabilitative care and optimize quality of life for persons with injuries and disabilities – including those musculoskeletal neurological and chronic health conditions that may lead […]
NZ BlackCaps ShopThe Official Online Apparel and Merchandise store for New Zealand’s National Cricket Team, the BlackCaps. GBS Dezign was commissioned to provide a new online store to promote a variety of apparel and merchandise for New Zealand Cricket. While the www.blackcapshop.com website provides a visible connect to the Blackcaps parent site, the shop required a fresh build […]
RYOSRYOS: Rugby, Yachting, Outdoor Sports. A leading New Zealand retailer of licensed apparel and is recognised as a market leader in the sale of All Blacks apparel. RYOS also specialises in licensed product for Super 14 & Air New Zealand Cup (Rugby), BLACKCAPS (New Zealand Cricket), Wellington Phoenix (Hyundai A League Soccer) and Vodafone Warriors (NRL […]
Download your copy of our Top 5 Website Trends Here
Please provide your name and email address for your free download.
Privacy Policy
Tip of the Week Keeping your site up-to-date ensures that it runs the best it can and it is protected against attacks.
GBS Dezign
Privacy
GBS Dezign recognizes and supports the need to protect the privacy rights of our site visitors and supporters. When you visit our site, we log the IP address, type of operating system and browser software used by each visitor, and from this information we can derive the identity of the visitor’s geographic location and Internet Service Provider.
We use this data to build higher quality, more useful facilities by analyzing the collective characteristics of our visitors and measuring usage. GBS Dezign will refrain from any disclosure of personal information, career information or contact details to any third party or outside entity.
We ask that our visitors periodically review this page to ensure familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at: using our contact form.