http://gecad.com/privacy-policy/
AboutInvestmentsAdvisoryTeamNewsContact
Privacy Policy
Before submitting your personal data please review the following:
This website is owned and operated by Gecad Ventures SRL (“Gecad”). We, at Gecad, respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. This policy describes how we gather and use information from our website visitors.
Personal data protection:
According to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR), the protection of those who detain personal information and allow the flow of such data, processing data of a personal nature, and the protection of private life in the electronic communicative sector Gecad is obliged to administrate under safety-based conditions and only for the stated purposes, personal data provided about you, a family member or another person.
Purpose:
The purpose for requesting such data is to help us know candidates who apply for our job openings/ internship programs and continuously improving the website experience for our visitors. In order to be able to process your CV/resume we need your written expressly and unequivocally agreement. Therefore, when submitting your CVs/resumes, please attach also your written expressly and unequivocally agree that all such personal data will be stored, used and processed unlimited by Gecad and its affiliates.
What information we collect:
Besides the personal data from your CVs/resumes (name, email address, education, phone  number, address), we may record also aggregate data about our visitors to understand how people use our site so that we can continue to make it more useful and valuable over time. This information is analyzed internally to understand the effectiveness of our site.  This information does not identify individual users. In addition to gathering basic usage information, we also collect information that helps us monitor network traffic and enables us to identify unauthorized or unusual activity on the site
This information is used solely by Gecad team for internal business purposes, such as identifing and contacting appropriate investment candidates, and is not shared with any third parties.
The specific information we collect includes:
name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet
Internet protocol address of the host server you are using
name and version of your Web browser
date and time you access our site
Internet address of the site from which you linked to us, where applicable
Unless you submit a business plan to us or any other signed document, or otherwise provide us with personally identifiable information, we do not collect your name or email address.
Your rights regarding data protection:
According to GDPR, you benefit of the following rights:
The right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data (Right of access – Article 15)
The right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data. Also, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. (Right to rectification – Article 16)
The right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay. (Right to erasure /‘right to be forgotten’ – Article 17)
The right to restriction of processing (Article 18)
The right to receive the personal data, you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance to which the personal data have been provided. (Right to data portability – Article 20)
The right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you (Right to object – Article 21)
Right to withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time (Article 7)
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Right to address the justice – Article 77)
To request such rights, you can address yourself in written form, given and signed at data.protection@gecad.com or at Gecad Ventures SRL, 246C Calea Floreasca, 18th floor, 1st District, Bucharest, Romania.
If some of the provided information about yourself is inaccurate, we kindly ask you to inform us in a timely manner.
Our commitment to privacy:
Any information you provide to Gecad over this website is maintained and accessible only by Gecad team. We will not sell any information we collect nor will we share it with third party organizations unless required by applicable law or valid legal process.
Modifications:
Gecad reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time and will provide notice of material changes on our website. Your continued use of the Site, or any materials or services accessible through it, after such notice has been posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Applicable Law:
The present Privacy Policy and/or any dispute that might arise between Gecad and you are governed by the applicable law of Gecad, as the case may be. All the disputes will be handled initially on an amiable basis and in the event that such a dispute cannot be closed in 30 days, it will be settled by the competent courts from the territorial jurisdiction of Gecad, as case may be.