http://geodsoft.com/privacy.htm
GeodSoft
GeodSoft Privacy Policy
If you are interested in learning about
online privacy, the Electronic Information Privacy Center
(epic.org) is a good place to start.
See their
privacy page and their
Online
Guide to Privacy Resources. The Electronic Frontier Foundation
(http://www.eff.org )
is also very active in the online privacy area.
Standard web use logs are maintained. We may analyze these to
understand use and traffic patterns on the GeodSoft.com
web site and help develop the site. We may analyze the first
page request, subsequent pages requests, i.e., paths through
the site, how many pages are requested, and the intervals between
page requests, how long typical "visits" may last, and other
aggregate visitor patterns. We may
analyze referrer URLs, to determine what outside resources lead
visitors to this site (e.g. searches or links). We have no plans
or expectations of attempting to match any activity on the
GeodSoft.com web site with any user behavior on other web sites
or elsewhere on the Internet, or to identify any individual site users.
Web logs do contain IP addresses. With the cooperation of a visitor's
ISP, these may be used to identify an individual. We reserve the right
to take any legal steps to identify, and protect ourselves from,
anyone who in anyway interferes with our ability to freely serve our
web pages. This includes, but is not limited to, automated page retrieval
or any other activity prohibited in our Terms of Use,
Denial of Service attacks, or webpage defacement.
Logs are maintained indefinitely. This allows us to understand long
term use trends, not just overall site useage and what is
popular on the site, but also what browsers and operating
systems access this site and trends regarding these. We may also
determine trends related to regions and countries that access
this site; we have always had a large percent of non U.S. visitors.
All web sites that collect personal information from their
visitors or customers should have an explicit privacy policy
informing the visitors of what information is collected,
how such information will be used,
give visitors or customers the opportunity to review and
correct information about themselves, and allow the visitors to
easily opt into or out of any program which does or does not
meet their needs. At this time we do not collect personal
information from our visitors.
If we ever do, we
will develop and post a privacy policy that covers the use of
that information.
"We do not use cookies." Just under three weeks after I added this
statement to this page (Sept. 14, 2006) I learned, however,
that the ads by the really big search engine company, that were briefly displayed on
this site did result in the placement of a cookie on on a vistor's
computer, if they clicked on an ad. That was a significant contributing
factor in the removal of these ads from this site.
Top of Page -
Site Map
Copyright © 2000 - 2014 by George Shaffer. This material may be
distributed only subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
http://GeodSoft.com/terms.htm
(or http://GeodSoft.com/cgi-bin/terms.pl).
These terms are subject to change.
Distribution is subject to
the current terms, or at the choice of the distributor, those
in an earlier, digitally signed electronic copy of
http://GeodSoft.com/terms.htm (or cgi-bin/terms.pl) from the
time of the distribution. Distribution of substantively modified
versions of GeodSoft content is prohibited without the explicit written
permission of George Shaffer. Distribution of the work or derivatives
of the work, in whole or in part, for commercial purposes is prohibited
unless prior written permission is obtained from George Shaffer.
Distribution in accordance with these terms, for unrestricted and
uncompensated public access, non profit, or internal company use is
allowed.
Home >
privacy.htm
What's New
How-To
Opinion
Book
Email address
Site map:
Home
What's New
About GeodSoft
- Large Web Project
- Designing GeodSoft
- Building GeodSoft
How-To
- Good Passwords
- 10 Security Steps
- Intrusion Detection
- Secure Shell (SSH)
- Harden OpenBSD
- Dual Boot Open Source
- Style Sheets (CSS)
- Time Synchronization
Reviews & Commentary
- Product Packages
- Software Licenses
- Open Source Limits
- Server Comparison
- Bogus PHP Bug
- Corel Linux
Book: Assn. Webs
- Introduction
- Network & Web Basics
- Assn. Computer Security
- Publishing Myth
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Password Generator
Password Evaluator
Crack Time Calculator
Copyright
© 2000-2014, George Shaffer.
Terms and Conditions of Use.