https://gleem.com/store-policy/
Beat the holiday rush, and get FREE shipping!
60-Day Money-Back Guarantee
Store Policy
Last Updated: 8/10/2020
Introduction and Acceptance of terms
This website offers consumers a convenient way to find, learn about, and purchase products from GLEEM ( “we,” ” us,” or “our”). We provide this website (the “Site”) subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (the “Agreement”). The terms of this Agreement apply whether you are just visiting the Site or are a registered Account user (as described below). By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Agreement and that you agree to be bound by all of its terms. If you do not agree to all of the terms set forth in this Agreement, please do not use the Site.
Your use of this Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Ohio, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Site shall be in the state or federal courts located in Hamilton County, Ohio.
In accordance with our GLEEM Store Policies, to make a purchase online, you must be a legal resident of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age.
Modification of Agreement
We may modify this Agreement or other policies set forth on the Site from time to time. When we modify this Agreement, we will update the “Last Updated” line above. It is your responsibility to regularly review this Agreement. Your use of the Site following the posting of an updated Agreement constitutes your acceptance of such updated Agreement.
Severability
If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.
Privacy
Your use of the Site is also subject to our Privacy Notice.
Your Account
The use of certain services on the Site requires the user to have established a user account (an “Account”). There is no charge to establish or maintain an Account, and an Account is required to make a purchase from the Site. In order to establish an account, you must:
Provide us with a valid e-mail address, and such other information as we may require from time to time;
Create a password; and
In accordance with our GLEEM Store Policies, to make a purchase online, you must be a legal resident of the 50 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia and be at least 18 years of age
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password(s) and for restricting access to your computer, and for all activities that occur under your Account or password. We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account or password, either with or without your knowledge. You agree to be responsible for losses incurred by us or another party due to someone else using your Account and/or password either with or without your knowledge. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Account and/or password(s) and any other breach of security relating to the Site. You agree that any information you provide to us will be current, accurate and complete and that you will keep such information up to date by notifying us of any changes.
We reserve the right to terminate any Account at any time in our sole discretion, including without limitation for any failure to comply with these Terms of Use, any fraud or abuse, or any misrepresentation that you or anyone using your Account may make to us.
Payment Options
We currently accept the following payment methods (U.S. billing addresses only):
VISA
MasterCard
Discover Card
American Express
Making a Purchase
If you wish to purchase products or use certain services described on the Site, you will be asked to supply certain information, including but not limited to credit card or other payment information. You agree that all information that you provide to us will be accurate, complete and current. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or any other user of your Account and/or any credit card or other payment mechanism issued to you, including without limitation any applicable taxes and shipping, handling and processing charges, if any, relating to such purchases and transactions. Purchases cannot be canceled once submitted. We will charge your credit card for the full order amount, including any applicable shipping, handling and processing charges and taxes, at the time your order is placed. Credit card orders shipped to a location other than your billing address may require additional verification. We charge sales tax in accordance with current tax law.
We only sell products to individuals who can purchase with a permitted payment method.
You are permitted to purchase products or services via the Site only for personal use and not for resale. We may in our discretion refuse and/or cancel any order that we believe may lead to the resale of products or services ordered from us. We make no promise that products and services described on the Site are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Accessing this Site from territories where its contents are unlawful is prohibited. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable laws and regulations with respect to the purchase, possession and use of any product or service ordered via the Site.
We reserve the right to refuse to process or complete any transaction, and to cancel any transaction, in our sole discretion.
Order Acceptance Policy
The advertisement of any product on this Site does not constitute an offer to sell. Your order or your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed are subject to additional credit verification. We may also require additional verifications or information before shipping any order.
Order Limitation Policy
Given the popularity of some products, we reserve the right to limit the quantities of items that can be purchased.
Pricing and Availability
All prices and availability of products are subject to change without notice, up until the order is completed and confirmed. We make every effort to provide you the most accurate information on pricing and availability.
In addition, some of the items on our web site may be incorrectly priced or no longer available at the time you place your order.
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price. If an item’s correct price is lower than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount and ship you the item. If an item’s correct price is higher than our stated price, we will cancel your order and notify you of the price error and order cancellation. You will, of course, have an opportunity to purchase the item at the correct price, if you so wish.
If an item you have ordered is not available because it is temporarily out of stock, we will handle the issue as described in our Backorder Policy. If we do not believe that we will be able to fill your order at any time (such as, for example, if the product has been discontinued), we will notify you of the same by email and we will cancel your order for that item.
Product Descriptions
We try our best to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that the product descriptions or other content of this Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. The colors you see will depend on your monitor and we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate. All features, content, specifications, sizes and prices of products and services described or depicted on the Site are subject to change at any time without notice. Certain weights, measures and similar descriptions may be approximate and are provided for convenience only. Packaging may vary from that shown. If a product offered by us is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it unopened in its original packaging in accordance with the Return Policy and Return Procedures.
Backorder Policy
Although we make every attempt to have items in stock, occasionally items may be temporarily out of stock. If any item in your order is out of stock we will notify you of the delay, and you will have the opportunity to cancel the order if you wish by following the directions specified in the notice. If the item remains out of stock for a period of 60 days from the date of your order, we will cancel the order for the item. If you receive a cancellation notification and would like us to keep the order open, please contact us by following the directions specified in the notice.
Shipping Policy
Orders will only be shipped to addresses within the contiguous 48 states of the United States of America or the District of Columbia. We strive to ship your order as quickly as possible. However, our shipping estimates are not guarantees or promises that a product will ship on a specific day or be received by you within a specific period. The amount of time it takes for you to receive a product will depend on how long it takes us to process your order and how long it takes the carrier to deliver the order to you once it is shipped.
Our preferred shipping carrier is USPS. However, we reserve the right to use other shipping carriers.
Sorry, we are unable to ship to P.O. Boxes. All items must be shipped to a valid street address.
Standard Delivery (5-8 business days)
Orders are typically delivered within 5 - 8 business days. Actual delivery time depends on shipping distance and may vary.
Delivery to some remote addresses may require up to 2 additional days. See www.usps.com or www.UPS.com for additional details.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from us are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Return Policy
We want to ensure your complete satisfaction so we will happily accept returns in accordance with the following Return Policy:
Defective, damaged or incorrect items:
If you received a damaged or defective item from us, or the wrong item was shipped to you, you will receive a replacement or full refund for the item, as described in our Refund Procedures.
Contact us at https://gleem.com/contact-us/ to initiate a return.
To be eligible, you must have purchased the item from us at Gleem.com in the past 60 days.
Return Procedures
Customer Service will provide you with a return label, which you will be required to print and affix to the package
Securely pack the item(s) you are returning and include a copy of your original packing slip in an appropriately sized box.
Affix the shipping label on the package to be returned.
After we receive, inspect and process your return, a refund will be issued in accordance with our Refund Procedures below.
Refunds Procedures
If you are entitled to a refund in connection with a return, the following conditions will apply:
Your refund will be in the form of payment used for the purchase.
The amount refunded will be the purchase price paid by you for the returned item (which reflects the amount of any discounts, promotions or coupons that you received), including sales tax charged with respect to the item, as applicable.
Please allow time for the credit card issuer to credit your account. Your credit card company determines when the credit will be reflected in your statement. It may take one full billing cycle for the credit to appear on your account.
You must have purchased the item from us at Gleem.com in the past 60 days.
×
OK