https://globalmcs.net/privacy-policy/
(727) 686-1505
info@globalmcs.net
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Global MCS. (“Globalmcs.net”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from its customers and users of its website (each, a “User”).
Privacy
Users’ privacy is very important to Globalmcs.net. Globalmcs.net is committed to safeguarding the information Users entrust to Globalmcs.net. This Web site is not directed at children under 13 years of age.
The Information We Collect
Globalmcs.net may collect various types of personally-identifiable information including name, Globalmcs.net name, address, telephone number, credit card number or other billing information, e-mail address, and other information that, either alone or in combination with other kinds of information, may personally identify Users.  Globalmcs.net may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including through online forms for ordering products and services, and other instances where Users are invited to volunteer such information. Globalmcs.net may also collect information about how Users use our Web site, for example, by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of the Web site or the domains from which Users originate. We may use “cookies” to track how Users use our Web site. A cookie is a piece of software that a Web server can store on the Users’ PC and use to identify the User should they visit the Web site again. While not all of the information that we collect from Users is personally identifiable, it may be associated with personally identifiable information that Users provide us through our Web site.
How We Use Information
Globalmcs.net may use personally identifiable information collected through our Web site to contact Users regarding products and services offered by Globalmcs.net and its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners, and otherwise to enhance Users’ experience with Globalmcs.net and such affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. Globalmcs.net may also use information collected through our Web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the Web site and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of Globalmcs.net, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners.
Disclosure of Information
Globalmcs.net may disclose information collected from Users to trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined above. We may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Finally, we may transfer information collected from Users in connection with a sale of Globalmcs.net’s business.
Maintenance of Information
Information about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry standard security measures. However, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure.
Questions
Users may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy go to Contact Us .
Globalmcs.net may modify this privacy policy at any time without prior notice to Globalmcs.net’s Customers or the public.  Persons wishing to remain appraised of Globalmcs.net’s privacy policy should check this page for occasional updates.
Users may elect not to receive solicitations from Globalmcs.net or from trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners by going to Contact Us.
Privacy Policy was last modified:
November 27th, 2020 by Global MCS, LLC