https://global.epson.com/privacy/global_termsofuse.htm
to header
to footer
Global
www.epson.com
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Usage notice
This Site is administered and maintained by the Seiko Epson Corporation. Your use of this Site is subject to the terms described below. Please carefully read and understand the terms of use before proceeding. "This Site" refers to the following page: https://www.epson.com/
Terms of use
This Site, as well as the rights to and use of the material contained herein, is subject to protection in accordance with Japanese law.
Copyright information
The copyright for materials supplied on this Site belongs to the Seiko Epson Corporation or to other third parties. None of the materials contained herein may be copied, modified, distributed, published, downloaded, uploaded, posted, or transmitted, whether in full or in part, in any form or in any way, without the prior written approval of the Seiko Epson Corporation or the copyright owner.
Trademarks
Trademarks, service marks, and logo marks used and displayed on this Site are the registered trademarks or unregistered trademarks of Seiko Epson Corporation or third parties.
The name "Seiko Epson Corporation" and the EPSON logo may not be used in any way, including withlut limitation, advertising related to distribution of materials on this Site, without the prior written permission Seiko Epson Corporation.
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
Seiko Epson Corporation makes no warranties of any kind regarding the accuracy or completeness of any of the content, materials, or information, including software, documents, or FAQs, on this Site.
In no event shall the Seiko Epson Corporation assume any liability whatsoever for any information errors contained on this Site. Seiko Epson Corporation shall not be liable for any damages or losses to you as a result of using the information or material on this Site. All materials and information on this Site are subject to change without notice.
Transmission or posting of materials
None of the content (materials, information, or ideas) that you submit to or post on this Site is treated as confidential or proprietary. Any content that you submit or post may be distributed or used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, product development, manufacture or marketing.
The posting on or sending to or from this site any material that is illegal, threatening, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, distasteful, harmful, pornographic, inflammatory, blasphemous, or that otherwise has the potential to give rise to civil liability or criminal liability under the law is strictly prohibited.
You may not make dishonest or misleading statements regarding your relationship with Seiko Epson Corporation. You may not submit erroneous information regarding Seiko Epson Corporation's products or services.
Revision of terms of use
Seiko Epson Corporation reserves the right to revise the provisions for using this Site without prior notice, by updating the content of this Site. Please periodically visit this page to check the latest usage provisions for this Site.
Protection of Privacy
Seiko Epson Corporation is committed to protecting your privacy. If, on this Site, we begin a service that requires you to enter personal information, Seiko Epson will post privacy protection provisions.
Placement of Cookies
This Site will place a 'cookie' (a unique code that identifies your computer to our site) on your computer when you visit this Site. This cookie will be used only to route you to the appropriate local language site on future visits and does not include any personal or individually identifiable information.
Links to this site
If you would like to establish a link to Seiko Epson Corporation's Web site, please read and abide by the provisions in "Notice Regarding Links to This Site."
For your convenience, this Site provides links to the Seiko Epson Corporation Web sites in other countries, as well as to other non-affiliated Web sites. Seiko Epson Corporation is not responsible for information posted on any Web site that you have linked to from this Site. You have the sole responsibility when visiting other Web sites linked from Seiko Epson Corporation's Web sites.
Notice regarding links to this site
You may establish links to objects posted on this Site, but you may not copy them. You may not place a browser or border environment around objects posted on this Site. Under no circumstances will Seiko Epson Corporation bear any responsibility or liability whatsoever in the event of problems arising in links due to the movement, deletion, or other modification of the directory page. No notice will be given regarding the deletion or modification of pages or the movement or change of directories.
The presence of a link does not imply recommendation of the site or any of its products by Seiko Epson Corporation.