http://glowday.com/cookie-policy
Cookie PolicyGLOWERY LIMITED TRADING AS GLOWDAY : COOKIE POLICYWhat are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that may be placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit our website. We, and some third-party service providers, use cookies on our website. Some are persistent cookies (cookies that remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time) and some are session ID cookies (cookies that expire when you close your browser).We also use other tracking technologies like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking beacons” or “clear gifs”) and local storage. These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our websites or opened an email that we have sent them.You can find more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and www.youronlinechoices.com/.To find out more about personal data and how we respect your data see our Privacy Policy.How we use cookies.We use cookies to collect information and to make your experience of our website more user friendly and to find out more about user behaviour on an anonymous basis. This document sets out more about the types of cookies we use, and why. Cookies help us to operate our websites and services, enhance and customise your experience across our websites and services, perform analytics.Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through our websites and services, such as interactive content and analytics.What cookies do we use?In the tables below you can see a description of each cookie that we use, what it does and when its expires.Microsoft Application Insights: used to monitor the health and status of the server and website.
Expires in 1 year.ARRAffinity: Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Expires at end of session.We also use Google Analytics to monitor how our website is used. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and generates reports detailing information such as the number of visits to the system, where visitors generally came from, how long they stayed on the system, and which pages they visited. Google Analytics places several persistent cookies on your computer’s hard drive. These do not collect any personal data. If you do not agree to this you can disable persistent cookies in your browser. This will prevent Google Analytics from logging your visits.We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the relevant social media sites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Instagram) will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.How can you control cookies?You can accept or reject cookies by amending your web browser controls. But if you choose not to allow the use of cookies, your experience of our websites will be limited and many integral aspects might not work at all.To change your cookie settings, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on your computer hard drive.You can manage your cookie settings by following your browser's instructions. Here are some links that might be of assistance:Google Chromehttps://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=enMicrosoft Internet Explorerhttps://support.microsoft.com/en-nz/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesMozilla Firefoxhttps://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesSafarihttps://support.apple.com/en-nz/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macMicrosoft Edgehttps://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/4468242/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-microsoft-privacyIf you have any questions on this Cookie Policy, please contact us at enquiries@glowday.comLast updated: June 2019