https://glt.gltmypc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Your Privacy
Gypsy Lane Technologies is committed to protecting your privacy. We only use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide support and upgrades for our products. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you subscribe to our newsletter or other promotional features, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can distribute the newsletter.
How does Gypsy Lane Technologies protect customer information?
We use a Secure Server for collecting personal and credit card information. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts (scrambles) all of the information you enter before it is transmitted over the interenet and sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Will Gypsy Lane Technologies disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Gypsy Lane Technologies does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Gypsy Lane Technologies may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.Gypsy Lane Technologies may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Gypsy Lane Technologies, our users, or others.
In Summary
Gypsy Lane Technologies is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make your transactions as simple as possible and to enhance your overall transaction experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Gypsy Lane Technologies. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Gypsy Lane Technologies also provides links to affiliated sites. The privacy policies of these linked sites are the responsibliity of the linked site and Gypsy Lane Technologies has no control or influence over their policies. Please check the policies of each site you visit for specific information. Gypsy Lane Technologies cannot be held liable for damage or misdoings of other sites linked or otherwise.
Questions and Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback related to our Privacy Policy, please email us.Thank you for allowing us to Bring Technology to Your Life!
@2020 Gypsy Lane Technologies. All rights reserved.
Quick linksHome
About us
Services
Contact us
PagesNews
Projects
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact us Email : Hello@gltmypc.com
Phone : (215) 843-1039
Delaware County, PA
Mailing Address
400 Edgmont Avenue
Suite 255
Chester, PA 19016-0080
Philadelphia County, PA
Mailing Address
5209 Greene Street
Suite 44617
Philadelphia, PA 19144-3067