https://gmsw.com/vermont-mobile-app-consultant/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Green Mountain System Works' website.
Information We Collect
When filling out the Contact Form, you will be asked to enter you name and email address. Email addresses are used for providing responses to queries and comments. We may also use the information you provide to us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Information Usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps and customer support. We do not share personal information with outside parties. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies or to protect our rights and property. In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to keep your information secure. For instance, all communication with the website requires HTTPS.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website or app is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using the Green Mountain System Works website and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us by filling out the contact form on this website.