https://graphicvisionary.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
GraphicVisions Communications has created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website, GraphicVisions Communications:
Personally identifiable information provided by subscribers (name, email or address, etc.) is never disclosed to any individual or business.
Cookies and Clear GIFs
GraphicVisions Communications uses cookies and clear GIFs to enhance your experience at our websites. These cookies and clear GIFs let us know how many people are coming to our site, how frequently, and how they are using the site, allowing us to make updates to content and improve navigation as appropriate.
Cookies are pieces of information that we place on your computer to help us accurately understand how many consumers are visiting a particular site, how often they visit that site, what content they are most interested in, and how they prefer to shop for our products. For example, a cookie will allow us to remember certain things based on your Internet Protocol or “IP” address (an IP address is the string of numbers that identifies each sender or receiver of information that is sent across the Internet), such as your login information, the time and duration of your visits, how you navigated through our content and where you exited the site. To save you the time of re-entering your login information every time you come back to our website, GraphicVisions Communications may link information contained in a cookie to your email address. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that we did not originally send in a cookie.
Clear GIFs, sometimes called “Web bugs,” are file objects, usually a graphic image such as a transparent one pixel-by-one pixel GIF (Graphics Interchange Format, one of the two most common file formats for images on the Web), that are placed on a Web page or in an email message to monitor user behavior. The GIF tells us the IP address of the computer that fetched our page, the URL of the page the GIF is on, the time the page was viewed; the type of browser used, and can tell us a previously set cookie value. This anonymous information is returned by the clear GIF to GraphicVisions Communications, and we use this information to accurately count visitors across multiple GraphicVisions Communications sites and understand how they navigate and use our network of sites. GraphicVisions Communications does not combine information gathered through clear GIFs with your personal information.
External Links
Third party websites you may access through our external links have different privacy policies and are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each website you visit to find out how they protect your personal information.
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of the GraphicVisions Communications website Internet servers or through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising.
Cookies are not programs that come onto a user’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users should be aware that GraphicVisions Communications cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for GraphicVisions Communications.
If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on GraphicVisions Communications website.
Log Files
Other information passively collected by GraphicVisions Communications is in the form of logs-files that record website activity and gather statistics about web users’ browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help GraphicVisions Communications determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our website, which pages they’ve visited, and other similar data. We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser.
Safeguarding your Personal Information
GraphicVisions Communications will only collect personal information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we will take appropriate steps to ensure the security and integrity of any information you provide to us. Any information provided to us is housed in a secure datacenter, which can only be accessed via SecureID by appropriate personnel.
Security
GraphicVisions Communications has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Online Surveys
In order to improve the user experience at our website, we may employ online surveys for visitors to volunteer anonymous demographic information about themselves and provide us feedback about why they visit this site and what we can do to make it better. Information collected through these surveys is anonymous; we cannot identify who is submitting the information or tie it to other personally identifiable information a user may have provided us through another means.
Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. If you do not want to submit personal information when requested, you will not be able to access certain areas on our site. However, you do not need to provide personal information to GraphicVisions Communications in order to use our website.
Opt-Out
If you do not want GraphicVisions Communications to send you email about our services, you can choose to opt-out. If you are receiving emails or regular mail and at a later date you choose to opt-out and have your name removed from GraphicVisions Communications’ emailing list, you can do so by using the link included with a GraphicVisions Communications email or by sending an email to sjc[at]graphicvisionary[dot]com
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us as follows:
1. You can send email to sjc[at]graphicvisionary[dot]com
2. You can call the following telephone numbers: 973.697.8263.
Correct/Update
To change and modify information previously provided, users may visit GraphicVisionary.com.
Contacting the Website
GraphicVisions Communications may update or amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended Statement to this website. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
GraphicVisions Communications
18 Navajo Trail
West Milford, NJ 07480
Federal & State Law
GraphicVisions Communications will share information with the government when required by law. GraphicVisions Communications will not share information unless it has been given a valid court order or subpoena. GraphicVisions Communications will not disclose whether or not law enforcement agencies have sought or obtained information under the terms of the USA PATRIOT Act.
Terms of Use
The user may visit GraphicVisions Communications for legal purposes. The user may not use GraphicVisions Communications, or its services to publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, or other unlawful material or information, including another’s proprietary information, including trademarks or copyrighted information, without express authorization from the rights holder. Additionally, the user may not GraphicVisions Communications to collect personal information, including Internet addresses, about GraphicVisions Communications users. The user must abide by any policies posted on GraphicVisions Communications.
GraphicVisions Communications uses its best efforts to maintain GraphicVisions Communications website, but is not responsible for the results of any defects that exist in the website, or any resulting lost profits or other consequential damages. You should not assume that GraphicVisions Communications or its content is error-free or that it will be suitable for the particular purpose that you have in mind when using it. GraphicVisions Communications may, in its sole discretion and at any time, modify or discontinue GraphicVisions Communications; limit, terminate or suspend your use of or access to GraphicVisions Communications; and/or make changes to these Terms of Use.
Copyright Notice
Copyright ©2019 by GraphicVisions Communications. All rights reserved. All trademarks, illustrations, and photographs are the property of the respective companies.
Blog: Web InSites
Schedule Your FREE 30 Minute Consultation
Contact Us
Full Name*
Email*
Message*
Recent Posts
Business Continuity Plan: 5 Ways to Tune-up, Reach Out and Stay Strong
Why Your Website Needs Responsive Visibility
Your Website Should Never Be “Under Construction.”
The Importance of Selecting the Right Domain Name
3 Reasons to Have Your WordPress Website Professionally Maintained
18 Navajo Trail   West Milford NJ
07480
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap