http://greathill.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Terms
Great Hill Corporation will not use personal information you submit for purposes other than to notify you of new products, upgrades or promotional opportunities that we may have from time to time. We will not release or sell the information you provide to any third party for any purpose without your prior consent.
When you register to download our software we will add your email to our mailing lists unless you indicate that you wish not to be added. To be removed from our lists please send an e-mail to remove@greathill.com with a Subject of “remove”. Your email will be removed before our next mailing.
Our full privacy policy follows:
General
Great Hill Corporation has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website and our online store.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address may be used to help identify you and your shopping cart. Our site may use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. http://www.greathill.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitors’ contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our contro
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
Email: remove@greathill.com Mail: 1142 Stony Lane, Gladwyne, PA 19035 Phone: (610) 519-9413
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
Email: correct@greathill.com Mail: 1142 Stony Lane, Gladwyne, PA 19035 Phone: (610) 519-9413
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you may contact:
Thomas Rush Great Hill Corporation 1142 Stony Lane Gladwyne, PA 19035 jrush@greathill.com