https://grokker.com/privacy
Skip to main contentSign InFor EmployersPrivacyTerms of ServiceGrokker Privacy PolicyTable of Contents
The Information We Collect About You
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies
Third Party Analytics
User-Generated Content
Third-Party Links
Security of My Personal Information
Access To My Personal Information
What Choices Do I Have Regarding Use of My Personal Information?
Children Under 13
Residents of the European Economic Area
Contact Us
Changes to this Policy
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
EFFECTIVE DATE: 12/20/2019
In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how Grokker, Inc. (“Grokker” “we”) collects, uses, and discloses information that we obtain about visitors to our website https://grokker.com (the “Site”), users of our mobile applications (the “App”) and the services available through our Site and Apps (collectively, the “Services”).
By visiting the Site, using or downloading the Applications, or using any of our Services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service (https://grokker.com/tos), including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The Grokker Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this Policy.
1. The Information We Collect About You
We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Services.
Information We Collect Directly From You. The information we collect from you depends on how you use our Services.
Account Creation. To create an account you or your employer must provide your first name, last name, email address or mobile phone number.
To Make Purchases. If you make a purchase, we will collect your payment information, such as your credit or debit card information and your billing address.
Wellness Quiz. If you participate in our Wellness Quiz, you will be asked to share your height, weight, and age range. The quiz also asks questions about lifestyle, such as “In a typical week, how many days do you do high-intensity workouts?” Disclosure of such information is optional.
Information We Collect From Other Entities.
From Your Employer. If you have Grokker through your employer, they may also provide us with the following additional data:
Your work or mobile phone number
Your employee id
Your physical work or home address
Your demographic information such as gender and age.
Your primary organization and its location (e.g. you are located in the Arizona Call Center and you work in Customer Support)
Information We Collect Automatically. We automatically collect information about your use of our Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, including technologies designed for mobile apps. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we combine this information with other information we collect about you, including your personal information. Please see the section “4. Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information.
On Our Website:
your browser type and operating system;
web pages you view on the Site; links you click on the Site; your IP address;
activities you participate in; and the time and duration of your visit to our Site and or use our Services;
the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Site.
In Our Apps:
device name and model; operating system type, name, and version;
language information;
activities within the Apps; and the time and duration that you are logged into our Apps;
Apple HealthKit. With your permission, our iPhone application can access the Apple HealthKit framework to gather data on your workouts, which may include: your heart rate, calories burned, duration and type of workout, and the time your workout started so that you can earn Grokker Wellness Minutes and to help us recommend and provide better content to you. Apple may choose to gather this data from other applications, your data input on iOS, and your wearables. For this or related information, please refer to https://www.apple.com.
Garmin and Fitbit. If you choose to link your Grokker account to either a Fitbit or Garmin account, we will gather data from the workouts tracked on those devices, which may include: your heart rate, calories burned, duration and type of workout and the time your workout started so that you can earn Grokker Wellness Minutes, and to help us provide better content to you. For more information from Garmin, please refer to https://www.garmin.com, and for more information from Fitbit, refer to https://www.fitbit.com.
2. How We Use Your Information
We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:
To provide our Services to you and to fulfill your orders.
To communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Services.
To send you email marketing about our products and services.
To send you news and newsletters.
To assist us in advertising on third-party websites, mobile apps, and other online services, and to evaluate the success of our adverting campaigns through third-party channels (including our online targeted advertising and offline promotional campaigns).
For research and analytics purposes, and to better understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis. For example, we will evaluate which features of our Site and Apps are more (or least) used by users, and we will use this information.
To administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or member satisfaction purposes.
To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
3. How We Share Your Information
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
With Service Providers. We disclose the information we collect from you to service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. These service providers provide us with email services, cloud-hosting services, customer support services, and payment services.
With Affiliates. We disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries.
With the Grokker Community and Linked Services. Your Grokker profile and actions that you take on Grokker are public, and visible to other Grokker users. If you link your Grokker account with external apps like Fitbit, Garmin, and Apple HealthKit your activities reported from these devices and apps will be published as an "I Did This" and visible to other Grokker users.
With Third Parties. If you choose to link your Grokker account with Third Party Services (such as Facebook), we will share information with that service in accordance with your permissions. When you share your information with other application providers, your privacy choices are governed by the third party provider’s policies, not this policy.
With Business Partners. If you have Grokker through your employer, we share aggregate, de-identified data about your use of the Services including, registration information, average time spent watching videos, number of video views, program sign ups, challenge participation, and other Services activity to help them understand how their employees use Grokker, or to demonstrate the health of the business. For certain employers we may share identified data about their employees’ usage of the site in order to facilitate incentives and incentive programs or so the employer can recommend other relevant benefits and programs. If you don’t want to share this information, you can turn this setting off on your Account Settings page at https://grokker.com/settings.
We also disclose information in the following circumstances:
Business Transfers. If (i) we or our affiliates are or may be acquired by, merged with, or invested in by another company, or (ii) if any of our assets are or may be transferred to another company, whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. As part of the business transfer process, we may share certain of your personal information with lenders, auditors, and third-party advisors, including attorneys and consultants.
In Response to Legal Process. We disclose your information to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others. We disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate, anonymized, or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
4. Our Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
We and our service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site or Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf).
Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off your device. We use session cookies to remember the state of certain features.
Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you have closed your browser or turned off your device. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity. We also use persistent cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site and Services. This allows us to process your requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site and Services.
Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site and Services who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.
5. Clear GIFs, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web and app pages. We and our service providers may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site and Services to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors and App users, help us manage content, and compile statistics about our Services. We and our service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
6. Third Party Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site, and to the extent permitted, our Apps. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Site and Apps. We use these tools to help us improve our Site’s and Apps’ performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Cross-Device Use. We and our service providers, including Google, may use the information that we collect about you (whether directly from our Site, from our mobile applications, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our service providers identify other devices that you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). We and our service providers also may use the cross-device use and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails. To opt-out of cross-device advertising, you may follow the instructions set forth in the Third Party Ad Networks section below. Please note:
if you opt-out of these targeted advertising cookies, your opt-out will be specific to the web browser, app, or device from which you accessed the opt-out. If you use multiple devices or web browsers, you will need to opt-out each browser or device that you use.
Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions in the Third Party Ad Network section.
7. User-Generated Content
We invite you to post content on our Services, including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Services. If you post content to our Services, all of the information that you post will be available to all our registered users. If you post your own content on our Services, your posting may become public and Grokker cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
8. Third-Party Links
Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
9. Security of My Personal Information
We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
10. Access To My Personal Information
Your Grokker Profile. You may modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information in your Account Settings (https://grokker.com/settings). Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services for a period of time. You may also request access, updating and correction in your personal information by contacting us (see below.) To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as verifying an email address) to verify your identity before granting you access or allowing you to make any corrections or updates.
Linked Third-Party Accounts. If you have linked your Grokker account to a Third Party Services account, you can control the information that Grokker may access, and the ability of Grokker to publish on your behalf with settings from that Third Party Service. You can also choose to unlink your account. To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by the Third Party Service provider.
11. What Choices Do I Have Regarding Use of My Personal Information?
We may send periodic promotional emails to you. You may opt-out of promotional emails by editing your Account Settings. You may also opt-out of promotional emails by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you emails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
If you receive Grokker from your employer, and you don’t want us to share personalized information with your employer for the purposes of determining incentives or other benefits that might be relevant to you, you can opt out of this in your Account Settings page at https://grokker.com/settings.
12. Children Under 13
Our Services are not designed for children under 13 or, in the EEA, 16 years old. If we discover that a child under 13 (or 16 in the EEA) has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
13. Residents of the European Economic Area
Lawful Basis for Processing. If you are a resident of the EEA, when we process your personal data we will only do so in the following situations:
We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g. processing payments for and providing the services you have requested).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, we may process your personal data to communicate with you about changes to our Services, and to provide, secure, and improve our Services.
We have your consent to do so. For example, we may seek your consent to send you marketing communications.
Data Subject Requests. If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or, in some cases, transferred to another company. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict certain processing, or to withdraw your consent if you previously consented to our processing of your personal data. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can follow the instructions provided under the sections “Access to My Personal Information” and “What Choice Do I Have Regarding Use of My Personal Information” above or you may contact us as indicated below.
14. Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us either by email at dpo@grokker.com; or by phone at +1-888-664-0886
15. Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site and Apps. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site and Application, or via email and mobile notifications.
16. IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This document provides specific information for California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). California privacy laws require that we provide California residents information about how we use their personal information, whether collected online or offline, and this section is intended to satisfy that requirement.
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular resident or household.
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect, Disclose, and Sell. Below please find the categories of personal information about California residents that we collect, sell, and/or disclose to third parties or service providers for a business purpose.
Name, Contact Information and Identifiers: Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Customer Records: Paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, insurance policy number, employment, or any other health insurance information.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Protected Classifications: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, color, sex, and age.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Purchase History and Tendencies: Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Biometric Information: Physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics that can be used alone or in combination with each other to establish individual identity, including DNA, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
Do we collect? NO
Do we disclose for business purpose? NO
Do we sell? NO
Usage Data: Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Geolocation Data: Precise geographic location information about a particular individual or device.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Audio/Visual: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Employment History: Professional or employment-related information.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
Education Information: Information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Do we collect? NO
Do we disclose for business purpose? NO
Do we sell? NO
Profiles and Inferences: Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about a resident reflecting the resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Do we collect? YES
Do we disclose for business purpose? YES
Do we sell? NO
California law grants California residents certain rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices as set forth below.
Do-Not-Sell: Grokker does not sell your personal information to other entities. However, if you receive access to our Services through your employer, we may share personalized information about your usage of our Services with your employer. If you choose to opt-out of this you may do so by phoning us toll-free at 888-664-0886, by emailing us at dpo@grokker.com, or by de-selecting the “Share My Information for Incentives and Benefits” setting in your Account Settings (https://grokker.com/settings).
Initial Notice: We are required to notify California residents, at or before the point of collection of their personal information, the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such information is used.
Verifiable Requests for Copy, Deletion and Right to Know. Subject to certain exceptions, California residents have the right to make the following requests, at no charge, up to twice every 12 months:
Right of Deletion: The right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them, subject to certain exemptions, and to have such personal information deleted, except where necessary that we maintain such personal information in order to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if the consumer has provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.
Right to a Copy: The right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance.
Right to Know: The right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information in the prior 12 months, including the:
categories of personal information collected;
categories of sources of personal information;
business and/or commercial purposes for collecting and selling their personal information;
categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared their personal information;
categories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose;
categories of personal information collected; and
categories of third parties to whom the residents’ personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party.
Submitting Requests. Requests to exercise the right to deletion, right to a copy, and/or the right to know may be submitted by contacting us at 888-664-0686 (toll free) or by emailing us at dpo@grokker.com. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California consumers as required by law.
Incentives and Discrimination. The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA and imposes requirements on any financial incentives offered to California residents related to their personal information.
Discrimination: Businesses may not discriminate against residents who exercise their rights under CCPA. Discrimination may exist where a business denies or provides a different level or quality of goods or services, or charges (or suggests that it will charge) different prices or rates or impose penalties on residents who exercise their CCPA rights, unless doing so is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the residents’ data.
Disclosure of Incentives: If businesses offer any financial incentives for the collection, sale or deletion of their personal information, residents have the right to be notified of any financial incentives offers and their material terms, the right to not be included in such offers without prior informed opt-in consent, and the right to be able to opt-out of such offers at any time. Businesses may not offer unjust, unreasonable, coercive or usurious financial incentives. We do not offer any incentives at this time.
California Privacy Rights under California’s Shine-the-Light Law. Under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83), California residents who provide us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing use.
Such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third party sharing in the prior calendar year. California residents who would like to make such a request may submit a request in writing to dpo@grokker.com. The request should attest to the fact that the requester is a California resident, and provide a current California address.
Grokker Terms of Service
Table of Contents
Definitions
Part I (Consumers, Business Enterprise Users, and Individual Enterprise Users)
Acceptance of the Terms and Agreement to be Bound
Conditions for General Use
Native Applications
Geo-Location
Code of Conduct
Access and Use of the Content
General Registration Requirements
Account Password and Security
Your Content and Conduct
Links to Third-Party Sites
Content Standards
Billing and Payment Terms
Taxes
Health Disclaimer
Proprietary Rights
Intellectual Property Infringement
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Dispute Resolution – Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver
Assignment
Electronic Communications
General
Part II (Consumers and Individual Enterprise Users Resident in the UK)
Account
Breach and Termination
Cancellation and Renewal
Digital Content
Dispute Resolution
Liability
General
LAST MODIFIED: 6/30/2020
Thank you for using Grokker! Grokker, Inc. ("Grokker,” “us,” or “we”) offers expert videos and brings together
a community of people who share a passion for mindfulness, yoga, fitness, and other pursuits. Except as specified below, all terms are applicable to all users.
If anything is unclear or you have any questions please contact us at: support@grokker.com
Definitions
These Terms of Service apply to all Consumers, Business Enterprise Users, and Individual Enterprise Users (Part I).
Please note that if you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, additional and/or replacement provisions will also apply to you in the attached schedule (Part II).
You are a “Consumer” if you are an individual purchasing Grokker’s Service (defined below) for personal, family, or household purposes.
You are a “Business Enterprise User” if you are a business purchasing Grokker’s Service (defined below) as a benefit to your company’s employees.
You are an “Individual Enterprise User” if you are an individual accessing Grokker’s Service (defined below) for personal purposes as part of the benefits offered by your employer.
“US” or “United States” means the United States of America.
“UK” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
“EU” means the European Union
PART I: (Consumers, Business Enterprise Users, and Individual Enterprise Users)
1. Acceptance of the Terms and Agreement to be Bound
If you are a Business Enterprise User, by accessing or using the Service (defined below) you agree to accept and bind, and represent that you have the power and authority to accept and bind,
your employer to these Terms of Service (“Terms of Service” or “Terms”) and our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”). You may use the Service only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local,
state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. You must provide us accurate information when you create your account on Grokker. If you do not agree to these Terms or our Privacy Policy please do not use the Service.
If you are a Consumer or Individual Enterprise User, by accessing or using the Service (defined below) you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service (“Terms of Service” or “Terms”) and our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") if you are eighteen (18) or over.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18), you represent that a parent or legal guardian also agrees to these Terms and our Privacy Policy on your behalf. You may use the Service only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.
You must provide us accurate information, including your real name, when you create your account on Grokker.
If you do not agree to these Terms or our Privacy Policy please do not use the Service.
These Terms of Service, which include our Privacy Policy, govern your access to and use of the websites, products, data, services, and Content (defined below) provided to you on, from, or through the Grokker.com website, mobile or tablet apps, TV apps, any Grokker software, and any applications created by Grokker whether available through a social networking site or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (collectively, the "Service").
As used herein, "Content" includes the logos, images, software, videos, text, graphics, photos, sounds, music, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, collections and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the Service.
PLEASE NOTE THAT (1) THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN A DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, INCLUDING CLASS ACTION WAIVER, THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND WITH RESPECT TO CLAIMS OR DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE WITH GROKKER. YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THE BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS PROVIDED (SEE SECTION 20.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION – ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER) BELOW.
To ensure uninterrupted service, your Grokker account will automatically renew on your renewal date unless and until you cancel. Grokker’s automatic renewal billing terms and information on how to cancel can be found at Section 12. BILLING AND PAYMENT TERMS.
FOR UK RESIDENTS: IF YOU ARE A CONSUMER OR AN INDIVIDUAL ENTERPRISE USER RESIDENT IN THE UK SECTION 1 ABOVE IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART II BELOW AND PLEASE NOTE THAT SECTION 20 DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU SHOULD REFER INSTEAD TO THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS IN PART II BELOW.
2. Conditions for General Use
Grokker provides Content through its website and through the Service that is copyrighted and/or trademarked work of Grokker or Grokker’s third-party licensors and suppliers or other users of the Content.
If you are a Consumer or Individual Enterprise User, subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms, and your compliance with these Terms, Grokker hereby grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive, and non-transferable license to use and to display the Content and to use the Service, solely for your personal use. Except for the foregoing license, you have no other rights in the Service or any Content, and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the Service or any Content in any manner.
Authorized users in the UK have certain mandatory user rights, including in relation to software interoperability, please contact us if you need more information about interoperability or any other rights (“Mandatory Rights”).
If you breach any of these Terms including those listed below, and subject to the Breach and Termination provisions for Consumers and Individual Enterprise Users in the UK set out in Part II, the above license will terminate automatically, you must immediately stop all access and use of the Service, and you must immediately destroy and cease all use of any downloaded or printed Content.
You agree not to copy, upload, republish or distribute in any medium any part of the Service (including the Content, and including screenshots of Grokker.com) without Grokker’s prior written authorization, unless Grokker makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service (such as a built-in sharing flows or an Embeddable Video Player).
You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service, including the video player that is incorporated into the Service and the Content.
You agree not to index or frame the Service (including the video player that is incorporated into the Service and the Content) through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the Service itself.
The Service and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and other countries.
Nothing in these Terms gives you a right to use the Grokker name or any of the Grokker trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.
You agree that, as between you and Grokker, Grokker owns and retains all rights, titles, and interests in and to the Service and all Content.
The Service and the Content, and the trademarks, service marks, and logos on the Service, are owned by or licensed to Grokker, subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under the law.
You agree not to use or launch any automated system on the Service, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers," (other than individually performed searches on publicly accessible search engines or for the sole purpose of, and solely to the extent necessary for, creating publicly available search indices of the Service).
You agree not to introduce viruses or any other computer programs that interrupt, disable, overburden, or gain unauthorized access to the Service, including Grokker’s servers, computer network, or user accounts.
You agree to not access or tamper with non-public areas of the Service, Grokker’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Grokker’s providers.
You agree to not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network, or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures.
You agree not to solicit, collect, or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service, or from Grokker users.
You agree not to use the communication systems provided by the Service (e.g., comments, messaging) for any commercial solicitation purposes or to spam users of the Service.
You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Service.
You agree to comply with all applicable laws in your use of the Service and Content, including patent, trademark, copyright, privacy, or other proprietary rights.
Grokker reserves the right to immediately terminate or restrict your account or your use of the Service or access to Content at any time, without notice or liability, if Grokker determines in its sole discretion that you have breached these Terms, violated any law, rule, or regulation, engaged in other inappropriate conduct, or for any other business reason. Grokker also reserves the right to terminate your account or your use of the Service or access to Content if such use places an undue burden on our networks or servers.
3. Native Applications
Grokker makes available software that allows you to access the Grokker.com website and the Service from mobile and set-top devices ("Native Application(s)"). To use a Native Application you must have a device that is compatible with the application. Grokker does not warrant that the Native Applications will be compatible with your particular device.
Grokker hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Native Applications. Subject to the Mandatory Rights of authorized users in the UK, you may not:
modify, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer the Native Applications, except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited by law;
rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute, or otherwise transfer the Native Applications to any third-party or use the Native Applications to provide time sharing or similar services for any third-party;
make any copies of the Native Applications;
remove, circumvent, disable, damage, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Native Applications, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content accessible through the Native Applications, or features that enforce limitations on use of the Native Applications; or
delete the copyright and other proprietary rights notices on the Native Applications.
You acknowledge that Grokker may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the Native Applications and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of the Native Application that you are using on your device. You consent to such automatic upgrading on your device and agree that these Terms will apply to all such upgrades. The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the Native Application(s) or any copy thereof, and Grokker and its third-party licensors or suppliers retain all rights, titles, and interests in and to the Native Applications (and any copy of the Native Applications).
Standard carrier data charges may apply to your use of the Native Applications.
4. Geo-Location
Subject to applicable law and the provisions of our Privacy Policy, the Service may include and may make use of certain functionality and services provided by third-parties that allow Grokker to include maps, geocoding, places, and other content from third-parties as part of the Service.
5. Code of Conduct
In using the Service, you must behave in a civil and respectful manner at all times. By using the Service, you agree not to:
Act in a deceptive manner by, among other things, impersonating any person;
Harass or stalk any other person;
Harm or exploit minors;
Distribute "spam";
Collect information about others; or
Advertise or solicit others to purchase any product or service.
Grokker has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor all conduct on and content submitted to the Service. Grokker reserves the right to alter, edit, remove, or refuse to post any content, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion or to satisfy or comply with applicable laws, regulations, and/or legal processes.
6. Access and Use of the Content
In addition to the general restrictions above, and subject to the Mandatory Rights of authorized users in the UK and, if you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, the Digital Content provisions in Part II below, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content:
Content is provided to you "AS IS".
You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of the Service and as permitted under these Terms.
You shall not download any Content unless you see a "download" or similar link displayed by Grokker on the Service for that Content.
You shall not copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content for any purposes. Grokker and its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms to the Service and the Content.
You agree not to circumvent, disable, or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Service or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the Content therein.
You understand that when using the Service you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources, and that Grokker is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content.
You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Grokker with respect thereto, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, agree to indemnify and hold harmless Grokker, its owners, operators, affiliates, licensors, and licensees to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Service.
YouTube videos viewable on Grokker are governed by YouTube’s Terms of Service.
7. General Registration Requirements
In order to access most features of the Service, you will have to create a Grokker account.
You agree to provide accurate and complete information when creating your account, and it is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update your account information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete.
If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, Grokker reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof) at any time.
8. Account Password and Security
The following conditions apply to the use of your account and account password:
You may never use another user's account without permission.
You may not share, give, or sell your password or username to any other person or entity.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Grokker immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Although Grokker will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Grokker or others due to such unauthorized use.
Grokker reserves the right to terminate any user account it believes has been compromised, or is being used fraudulently, at its own discretion.
Currently, Grokker also provides you with the ability to register for an account on the Service using your existing account and log-in credentials through certain third-party websites, which may change from time to time.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, the above Terms are subject to the Account provisions in Part II below.
9. Your Content and Conduct
The following conditions apply to Content you submit on the Service:
As a Grokker account holder you may submit Content to the Service, including photos, videos, video collections, and user comments. You understand that Grokker does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you submit.
You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of submitting and publishing your Content on the Service. You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and you license to Grokker all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on the Service pursuant to these Terms of Service.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. However, by submitting Content to Grokker, you hereby grant Grokker a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the Content in connection with the Service and Grokker's (and its successors' and affiliates') business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Service (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each user of the Service a non-exclusive license to access your Content through the Service, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such Content as permitted through the functionality of the Service and under these Terms of Service. The above licenses granted by you in video Content you submit to the Service terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your videos from the Service. You understand and agree, however, that Grokker may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in user comments you submit are perpetual and irrevocable.
Grokker does not endorse any Content submitted to the Service by any user or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Grokker expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with Content. Grokker does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Service, and Grokker will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another's intellectual property rights. Grokker reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice.
Grokker may at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove or modify such Content and/or terminate a user's account for submitting material in violation of these Terms of Service.
You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, damages and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Content posted by you to or through the Service.
If you send or transmit any communication, comment, question, suggestion, or related materials to Grokker, whether by letter, email, telephone, or otherwise, suggesting or recommending changes to the Service, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto (collectively, "Feedback"), all such Feedback is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. You hereby assign all rights, title, and interests in, and Grokker is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback. You understand and agree that Grokker is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, the above Terms are subject to the Breach and Termination provisions in Part II below.
10. Links to Third-Party Sites
The Service may be linked to other web sites that are not Grokker sites, including, without limitation, social networking, blogging, and similar websites through which you are able to log into the Service using your existing account and log-in credentials for such third-party sites (any and all of which may change from time to time) and websites that provide question-and-answer forum functionality (collectively, "Third-Party Sites"). Certain areas of the Service may allow you to interact and/or conduct transactions with such Third-Party Sites, and, if applicable, allow you to configure your privacy settings in your Third-Party Site account to permit your activities on the Service to be shared with your contacts in your Third-Party Site account and, in certain situations, you may be transferred to a Third-Party Site through a link but it may appear that you are still on Grokker Service. In any case, you acknowledge and agree that the Third-Party Sites may have different privacy policies and terms and conditions and/or user guides and business practices than Grokker, and you further acknowledge and agree that your use of such Third-Party Sites is governed by the respective Third-Party Site Privacy Policy and terms and conditions and/or user guides. You hereby agree to comply with any and all terms and conditions, users guides, and privacy policies of any of Third-Party Sites. Grokker is providing links to the Third-Party Sites to you as a convenience, and Grokker does not verify, make any representations or take responsibility for such Third-Party Sites, including, without limitation, the truthfulness, accuracy, quality, or completeness of the content, services, links displayed, and/or any other activities conducted on or through such Third-Party Sites.
YOU AGREE THAT GROKKER WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, RESOURCES AND/OR CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES AND/OR THIRD-PARTY DEALINGS OR COMMUNICATIONS, OR FOR ANY HARM RELATED THERETO, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OR RELIANCE ON THE CONTENT OR BUSINESS PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD-PARTY.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, the above Terms are subject to the Liability provisions in Part II below.
11. Content Standards
In using the Service, you may not submit Content that:
Contains any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable;
Promotes sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
Infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any third-party;
Infringes the legal rights (including the right of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws;
Promotes any illegal activity, or advocates, promotes or assists any unlawful act;
Causes annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or is likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person;
Impersonates any person, or misrepresents your identity or affiliation with any person or organization;
Involves commercial activities or sales;
Is likely to deceive or give the impression that the Content emanates from or is endorsed by us, or any other person or entity.
12. Billing and Payment Terms
A. Free Trial Period
If you signed up for a free trial, you will not be charged for your use of the Service during the free trial period. You may cancel at any time during the free trial period to avoid any payments. To cancel, you may use any of the cancellation methods below. A cancellation will be effective immediately.
B. Automatic Renewals
In order to provide continuous service, Grokker automatically renews all paid subscriptions for the Service (“Paid Subscriptions”) on a monthly or annual basis (“Subscription Fee”) in accordance with the billing terms you agreed to at the time you signed up. Your subscription will automatically renew at the beginning of each billing period until you cancel at any time by using any of the cancellation methods below. A cancellation will be effective on the next renewal date of your subscription following your notice of cancellation, and you may continue to use the Service until that time.
In certain limited circumstances, we will offer subscriptions for a longer term (e.g., 3 months, 6 months, or even a year). These longer-term subscriptions are charged in full upon purchase, and automatically renew for the same duration as the initial subscription term you selected (e.g., 3 month subscriptions will automatically renew for three months, 6 month subscriptions will renew for six months, and so on). The amount due for the next renewal term will be due and immediately payable in full and charged as of the first day of such renewal term.
C. Billing Information
When you provide a payment method to Grokker, you are granting your express consent and are expressly authorizing us (and our designated payment processor) to automatically charge you each period for the subscription membership. If you provide a payment method and our charge results in an overdraft, chargeback, or other fee from your bank, you alone are responsible for that fee.
You must provide and at all times must maintain accurate, complete, and current billing information, including but not limited to your billing zip code, credit card number, and credit card expiration date. If you fail to disclose any such information, you agree that Grokker may continue charging you for any use of the Paid Subscription unless you have terminated your Paid Subscription as set forth herein. If you become aware of a potential breach of security to your billing information (such as credit card loss or theft), you must notify Grokker immediately.
If you do not pay on time or if Grokker cannot charge your credit card or other payment method for any reason, Grokker reserves the right to either suspend or terminate your access to the Service and terminate these Terms. You also agree that you will be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by Grokker, such as court costs, collection fees, and attorney fees, incurred in connection with such collection efforts.
If your account is active and in good standing, you will be charged the Subscription Fee even if you never use the Service and you will not be eligible for refunds during a billing period. You may cancel your Paid Subscription at any time.
D. Cancellations
To cancel your account, simply go to the Membership Details section in your Account Settings. You may also cancel by telephone at +1-888-664-0886 or by emailing Grokker at support@grokker.com. In such case, your subscription will terminate at the end of the subscription term for which you have paid, and you will not receive any refund for any unused days of such subscription term. There are no refunds on subscriptions for billing periods that have already started. Each subscription and the rights and privileges provided to each user is personal and non-transferable.
E. Modifications to Service and Pricing
Grokker reserves the right at any time and from time to time to change, modify, add, remove, suspend, cancel, or discontinue any aspect of it subscriptions including the functionality, content, and/or availability of any features of such subscriptions at any time in Grokker’s sole discretion. If the Service you subscribed to is materially altered, you will receive advance notice at least thirty (30) days in advance, and the opportunity to cancel your subscription if you do not agree to the changes.
In addition, Grokker may modify its Subscription Fees from time to time. In the event the Subscription Fee for your Subscription Plan has been modified, and you are required to pay a different fee than at the time you entered into these Terms, you will be notified at least thirty (30) days before you are billed at the different rate at the email address for you on file and have the opportunity to cancel your account. If you do not cancel your subscription before the next billing renewal date (at the new rate), you will be deemed to have accepted the new fees.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer resident in the UK, the above Terms are subject to the Cancellation and Renewal provisions in Part II below.
13. Taxes
A. Withholding Tax
If you are required under any applicable law, regulation, or government order to withhold any taxes on any amounts payable by you to Grokker under these Terms, then the amount payable shall be increased to such amount which, after making all required withholdings or deductions of taxes therefrom, will equal the amount payable hereunder had no such withholding taxes or deductions been required. For avoidance of doubt, such withheld amounts may not be claimed as a reduction or offset against any payments due to Grokker under these Terms. You shall make such withholdings or deductions and shall pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the appropriate government authorities according to applicable laws. You shall obtain and furnish to Grokker, within sixty (60) days of such a payment of taxes, official tax receipts or other evidence of payment of all such taxes. You shall be solely liable for, and shall indemnify and hold Grokker and its Affiliates harmless against, any penalties, interest and expenses incurred by or assessed against Grokker.
B. Value Added Taxes
The amounts payable under these Terms are exclusive of value added, goods and services, sales, or similar taxes. You are responsible for payment of all value added, goods and services, sales, or similar taxes, if any, levied on or deducted from any amounts payable to Grokker pursuant to these Terms. To the extent applicable law requires any such taxes to be paid by you directly to a governmental authority or to the extent a reverse charge mechanism is available and applicable to you, you must account for and pay such taxes promptly and receipts or other proofs of such payment shall be provided to Grokker upon Grokker’s request. If, however, Grokker has the legal obligation to pay taxes and is required or permitted to collect such taxes for which you are responsible under the preceding sentence, you shall promptly pay the taxes invoiced by Grokker unless you have furnished Grokker with valid tax exemption documentation regarding such taxes.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer resident in the UK the amounts payable will be expressed to you inclusive of VAT and any other mandatory local taxes.
14. Health Disclaimer
Grokker is not responsible for any injuries that result from participating in the activities shown on the Service unless you are a user in the UK in which case Grokker does not exclude its liability for death or personal injury due to its negligence. You expressly waive and release any claim that you may have at any time for injury of any kind against Grokker, or any person or entity involved with Grokker, including without limitation its directors, principals, instructors, independent contractors, employees, agents, contractors, affiliates, and representatives, except if you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK then the foregoing is replaced by the Liability provisions in Part II below.
By using the Service you represent that you understand that physical exercise involves strenuous physical movement, and that such activity carries the risk of injury whether physical or mental. You are responsible for exercising within your limits and seeking medical advice and attention as appropriate. Not all exercises are suitable for everyone. You understand that it is your responsibility to judge your physical and mental capabilities for such activities and to ensure that by participating in classes and activities from Grokker, you will not exceed your limits while performing such activity. You will select the appropriate level of classes for your skills and abilities, as well as for any mental or physical conditions and/or limitations you have.
It is advised that you seek the advice of a physician before beginning any physical exercise regimen, routine, or program, including participating in the activities shown on the Service, including the use of any suggested equipment shown in any of the Content. As with any exercise program, if at any point during your workout you begin to feel faint or dizzy or have physical discomfort, you should stop immediately.
You understand that from time to time instructors may suggest the use of equipment, physical adjustments, poses, moves, and instruction and it is your sole responsibility to determine if any such suggestions or comments are appropriate for your level of ability and physical and mental condition. All such suggestions and comments are not required to be performed by you and are carried out at your election while viewing Grokker videos and using the Service. Nothing contained in the Service should be construed as any form of medical advice or diagnosis.
15. Proprietary Rights
Grokker, "BE A BETTER YOU" and the KK logo are trademarks of Grokker in the United States, the UK, and other countries. Other trademarks, names, and logos on Grokker’s website are the property of their respective owners.
Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all information and screens appearing on Grokker’s website, including documents, services, site design, text, graphics, logos, images and icons, as well as the arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Grokker, Copyright © 2017 Grokker. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Except as otherwise required or limited by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission, or publication of any copyrighted material is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner or license.
All software that is provided to you through or as a part of the Service and related documentation are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable.
Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, if you are a government entity, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to US Government end users (i) only as Commercial Items and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
16. Intellectual Property Infringement
Grokker respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask you to do the same. Grokker may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, terminate the Service and/or access to Grokker’s website for users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
A. DMCA Copyright Notifications
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”, found at 17 U.S.C. § 512), if you believe that your work is the subject of copyright infringement and/or trademark infringement and appears on our website, please provide Grokker’s designated agent the following information:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted and/or trademarked work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled at Grokker’s website, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Grokker to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Grokker to contact you as the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright and/or trademark owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Grokker’s agent for notice of claims of copyright or trademark infringement on this Site can be reached as follows:
Grokker, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Infringement Agent
560 S. Winchester Blvd., Ste. 150
San Jose, CA 95128
Under the U.S. Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
B. DMCA Counter-Notifications
We will notify you that we have removed or disabled access to copyright-protected material that you provided, if such removal is pursuant to a valid DMCA take-down notice that we have received. If you receive such notice from us, you may provide us with a counter-notification in writing to Grokker designated agent that includes all of the following information:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;
A statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and
Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Grokker may be located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.
C. Termination of Repeat Infringers
Grokker reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the account or access of any user of our website and/or Service who is the subject of repeated DMCA or other infringement notifications.
17. Warranty Disclaimer
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE CONTENT SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, GROKKER, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE AND CONTENT AND YOUR USE THEREOF. GROKKER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO GROKKER’S WEBSITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY:
ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT;
PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES;
ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN;
ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES;
ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY; AND/OR
ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES. GROKKER DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND GROKKER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
FOR UK RESIDENTS: IF YOU ARE A CONSUMER OR AN INDIVIDUAL ENTERPRISE USER RESIDENT IN THE UK, THE ABOVE TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO THE DIGITAL CONTENT AND LIABILITY PROVISIONS IN PART II BELOW.
18. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN ADDITION TO THE ABOVE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS, IN NO EVENT WILL:
GROKKER BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR DISPLAYING, COPYING, UPLOADING, OR DOWNLOADING ANY CONTENT TO OR FROM GROKKER’S WEBSITE OR SERVICES;
GROKKER BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR GROKKER’S WEBSITE, EVEN IF GROKKER KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR
GROKKER’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES AND GROKKER’S WEBSITE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO GROKKER FOR THE SERVICES AT ISSUE IN THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS (IF ANY).
THIS LIMITATION IS CUMULATIVE AND WILL NOT BE INCREASED BY THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE INCIDENT OR CLAIM.
GROKKER DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND OF GROKKER’S LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS.
FOR UK RESIDENTS:
IF YOU ARE A CONSUMER OR AN INDIVIDUAL ENTERPRISE USER RESIDENT IN THE UK, THE ABOVE TERMS ARE SUBJECT TO THE LIABILITY PROVISIONS IN PART II BELOW.
The Service and Content are controlled and offered by Grokker from its facilities in the United States of America. Except as set out in these Terms of Service, Grokker makes no representations that the Service and Content are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service or Content from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
19. Indemnity
To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Grokker, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from:
Your use of and access to the Service and Content;
Your violation of any term of these Terms of Service;
Your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or
Any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party.
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of the Service.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, the indemnity provisions above, and those set out elsewhere in these Terms of Service, do not apply to you but you may still be held liable including after termination of these Terms of Service for loss, damage, and costs caused to Grokker or to others (including other users of the Grokker service) as a result of you breaching these Terms of Service including as a result of Content you submit to the Grokker Service or where your conduct is in breach of the Code of Conduct or if you breach the copyright, property, privacy or other rights of Grokker or others (including other users of the Grokker service) or if you use the Grokker Service in an unauthorized, inappropriate or unlawful way.
20. Dispute Resolution – Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver
You may opt-out of this Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver (“Arbitration Agreement”) by emailing us at dpo@grokker.com the following information: (1) your or your business’s name; (2) your address; and (3) a clear statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with us through arbitration. Your decision to opt-out of this Arbitration Agreement will have no adverse effect on your relationship with us, but we must receive this opt-out request within 30 days from the date that you first consent to these Terms of Service.
Any opt-out request received after this deadline will not be valid and you must pursue your dispute in arbitration or small claims court.
UNLESS YOU OPT-OUT OF THESE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES AS SET FORTH ABOVE AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE DESCRIBED HEREIN:
YOU AND GROKKER EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, AS DEFINED BELOW, WHETHER PRESENTLY IN EXISTENCE OR BASED ON ACTS OR OMISSIONS IN THE PAST OR IN THE FUTURE, WILL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION, RATHER THAN IN COURT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT.
A. Arbitration
You and Grokker agree to arbitrate – rather than litigate in court – any and all claims or Disputes that may arise between you and Grokker, as defined below.
For the purpose of this Arbitration Agreement the term “Grokker” means Grokker, Inc. and any of its parent companies or organizations, subsidiaries, affiliates, and each of their managers, owners, officers, directors, employees, or agents. The term “Dispute” means any claim or dispute that may arise out of or in any way relates to your relationship with Grokker, including without limitation regarding these Terms of Service, your use of the Service, or the Grokker services that we, our affiliates, and/or our service providers (on our behalf) may provide to you in connection with your use of the Service, including, without limitation, any Dispute based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, negligence, gross negligence or reckless behavior), or any other legal or equitable theory, and includes the validity, enforceability, or scope of this Arbitration Agreement (with the exception of the enforceability of the Class Action Waiver clause below). “Dispute” is to be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced. However, in no event shall this Arbitration Agreement prevent you, in your individual capacity, from filing or joining a complaint with any federal, state, or local government agency that is authorized by law to seek relief against Grokker on your behalf. The arbitration between you and Grokker will be binding, and judgment on the award rendered in the arbitration may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
Arbitration is a form of private dispute resolution in which parties to a contract agree to submit their Disputes and potential Disputes to a neutral third person (called an arbitrator) for a binding decision, instead of having such Dispute(s) decided in a lawsuit, in court, by a judge or jury trial. This Arbitration Agreement provides that all Disputes between you and Grokker shall be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration replaces the right to go to court.
In the absence of this Arbitration Agreement, you might otherwise have a right or opportunity to bring claims in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate in or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including, but not limited to, class actions). Entering into this Arbitration Agreement constitutes a waiver of your right to litigate claims in court and all opportunity to be heard by a judge or jury.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is very limited.
The arbitrator’s authority is governed by these Terms of Service. You and Grokker agree that an arbitrator must follow and be governed by this Arbitration Agreement and may only award such relief as a court of competent jurisdiction could award, limited to the same extent as a court would limit relief pursuant to these Terms of Service. An arbitrator may award attorneys’ fees and costs if a court would be authorized to do so and may issue injunctive or declaratory relief if that relief is required or authorized by the applicable law, but that injunctive or declaratory relief may not extend beyond you and your dealings with us, and may not include class or collective action relief. Discovery may be limited in arbitration, and procedures are more streamlined than in court.
Notwithstanding this Arbitration Agreement, you and Grokker may bring appropriate claims against each other regarding Disputes in small claims court, if the claims fall within the small claims court’s jurisdiction, or, on an individual and not class or collective action basis, before any other federal, state, or local government agency authorized by law to hear your claims.
Any Dispute relating in any way to your visit to https://grokker.com or your use of the Service shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in San Jose, California, or in the federal judicial district in which you reside, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Grokker’s intellectual property rights, Grokker may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any federal or state court in San Jose, California, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Arbitration Agreement, whether through class arbitration, collective action, consolidated proceedings, or otherwise.
B. Class Action Waiver
You and Grokker agree that all Disputes between you and Grokker will be arbitrated individually, and that there will be no class, representative, or consolidated actions in arbitration. If you or we bring a claim or Dispute in small claims court, the class action waiver will apply, and neither of the parties can bring a claim on a class, representative, or consolidated basis. Furthermore, neither you nor Grokker may participate in a class or representative action as a class member if the class action asserts claims or Disputes that would fall within the scope of this Arbitration Agreement if they were directly asserted by you or us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Arbitration Agreement shall not prohibit you or Grokker from participating solely in your individual capacity in any judgment or settlement in any litigation brought by a federal, state, or local government on behalf of you or us, excluding litigation brought by any relator or party in its capacity as a private attorney general.
We both agree that this Class Action Waiver is an essential part of our Arbitration Agreement and that, if this Class Action Waiver is found to be unenforceable by any court or arbitrator, then the entire Arbitration Agreement set forth in this section will not apply to any claim or Dispute between you and us. This Class Action Waiver may not be severed from our Arbitration Agreement.
C. Informal Dispute Resolution
You and Grokker agree to try to resolve Disputes informally before resorting to arbitration. If the Dispute cannot be resolved by telephone, you agree to notify us of the Dispute by sending a written description of your claim to Grokker, Inc. at 560 S. Winchester Blvd., Suite 150, San Jose, CA 95128, so that we can attempt to resolve it with you. If we do not satisfactorily resolve your Dispute within thirty (30) calendar days of receiving notice of it, then you may pursue the Dispute in arbitration. Neither you nor we may initiate arbitration without first providing the other notice of the Dispute and following the Informal Dispute Resolution procedure provided in this paragraph.
D. Arbitration Procedures
If the Dispute is not resolved by the Informal Dispute Resolution procedure described above, then either you or Grokker may initiate arbitration proceedings. You and Grokker agree that this website and your use of Grokker’s Service affects interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1, et seq., applies. All arbitrations shall be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), and the arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be commenced as an individual arbitration, and shall in no event be commenced as a representative, class, or consolidated arbitration. All issues shall be for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope of this Arbitration Agreement.
The AAA’s rules are available on its website at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
If the Dispute asserted in arbitration is for less than $75,000, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will apply. If the Dispute asserted is for $75,000 or more, the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply. If there is a conflict between the AAA’s rules and this Arbitration Agreement, this Arbitration Agreement shall control. To initiate arbitration, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your Dispute and any claims for relief to Grokker, Inc. at 560 S. Winchester Blvd., Suite 150, San Jose, CA 95128. You must also comply with the AAA’s rules regarding initiation of arbitration. We will pay all filing fees and costs for commencement of an arbitration, but you will be responsible for your own attorneys’ fees and costs unless otherwise determined by the arbitrator pursuant to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement or applicable law. We will not seek to recover our fees and costs from you in the arbitration unless your claim has been determined to be frivolous. If you are successful in the arbitration, we will pay your reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. If you obtain an award from the arbitrator greater than our last written settlement offer, we will pay you $5,000 in addition to what you have been awarded in the arbitration. The arbitration will be held in a mutually convenient location, which may include San Jose, California, or the federal judicial district within which you reside. If you seek less than $10,000, then you may choose to hold the arbitration in person, via phone, or to have it decided based on written submissions.
E. Arbitration Award
The arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available pursuant to applicable law, except as limited by other provisions of these Terms, and will not have the power to award relief to, against, or for the benefit of any person who is not a party to the proceeding. The arbitrator shall make any award in writing but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party. Such award by the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties, except for any right of appeal provided by the FAA or applicable state law, and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties for purposes of enforcement.
F. Severability
If any clause within this Arbitration Agreement (other than the Class Action Waiver clause above) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that clause will be severed from this Arbitration Agreement, and the remainder of this Arbitration Agreement will be given full force and effect. If the Class Action Waiver clause is found to be illegal or unenforceable, then this entire Arbitration Agreement will be unenforceable, and the Dispute will be decided by a court.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK Section 20 above does not apply to you and you should refer to the Dispute Resolution provisions in Part II below.
21. Assignment
These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Grokker without restriction.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer resident in the UK this Section is subject to the General provisions in Part II below.
22. Electronic Communications
By using the Service, you consent to receiving electronic communications from Grokker. These electronic communications may include notices about applicable fees and charges, transactional information, and other information concerning or related to the Service. These electronic communications are part of your relationship with Grokker. To the extent allowed by law, you agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that Grokker sends you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
23. General
These Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles, and any claim or Dispute between you and Grokker that arises in whole or in part from the Service shall be decided under California law.
These Terms of Service, together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Grokker on the Service, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Grokker concerning the Service. If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Grokker's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability, and general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.
For UK Residents: If you are a Consumer or an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK this Section is subject to the Dispute Resolution and General provisions in Part II below.
PART II (Consumers and Individual Enterprise Users Resident in the UK)
1. Account
Maintaining the security and integrity of the Grokker Service is necessary to enable all our users to use it safely and effectively. Grokker agrees to use reasonable skill and care in protecting your account but you may be held responsible for unauthorized use of your account to the extent that this is due to your misuse including if you do not take reasonable care in protecting your password and user account.
2. Breach and Termination
If you breach any of these Terms of Service including as a result of Content you submit to the Grokker Service or where your conduct is in breach of the Code of Conduct, Grokker will give you notice and allow an opportunity to respond before Grokker exercises its rights to remove Content, suspend or terminate access or its other remedies but it does not have to do this if: (a) your breach is serious or repeated; or (b) this may expose Grokker or others to legal liability; harm Grokker or others (including other users of the Grokker Service); compromise or interfere with the security or integrity of the Grokker Service or Grokker’s systems or operations; or to the extent Grokker is restricted or prevented from doing so for technical, operational or legal reasons.
3. Cancellation and Renewal
If you are a Consumer resident in the UK purchasing access to the Grokker Service please note the following provisions:
You consent to immediate performance of the contract and acknowledge that you will lose your statutory 14-day right of withdrawal from the contract (as set out below) once the download or streaming of the digital content has begun. This does not affect any free trial period offered to you in the Terms of Service above.
Subject always to i. above, you have the right to cancel your contract within 14 days without giving any reason. The cancellation period will expire 14 days from the day of conclusion of the contract.
To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us at support@grokker.com of your decision to cancel your contract by a clear statement, or you can cancel your subscription online by going to Membership Details in the Account Settings page of your Grokker account. To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send the communication concerning your right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
Effects of cancellation: If you cancel your contract as set out above, we will reimburse to you all payment received from you – subject to Part II: 6. Liability below. We will make the reimbursement without undue delay and not later than: 14 days after the day on which we are informed about your decision to cancel your contract. We will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement.
If you requested to begin the performance of services during the cancellation period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been performed until you have communicated us your cancellation from the contract, in comparison to the full coverage of the contract.
You will be given a reminder notice before any automatic renewal of your subscription for three months or longer which will set out the terms of the renewal and how to terminate before the renewal.
4. Digital Content
If you are a Consumer resident in the UK purchasing access to the Grokker Service please note that UK law provides that digital content must be as described, fit for purpose, and of satisfactory quality. If your digital content is faulty, you are entitled to a repair or a replacement. If the fault cannot be fixed, or if it has not been fixed within a reasonable time and without significant inconvenience, you can get some, or all of your money back.
If you are a Consumer resident in the UK purchasing access to the Grokker Service or you are an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK please note that UK law provides, if you can show a fault with digital content has damaged your device and we have not used reasonable care and skill, you may be entitled to a repair or compensation.
This is a summary of some of your key rights. For detailed information from Citizens Advice, please visit citizensadvice.org.uk or call 03454 04 05 06.
5. Dispute Resolution
These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of California and you and Grokker agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Californian courts.
This means that if you or we are able to bring a legal action relating to these Terms of Service we can do this in a court located in California, but you or we may also bring an action in another country if this is accepted by its courts.
If you are a Consumer or Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK then such a court is likely to be that part of the UK in which you live and although California law will still apply it will be subject to any mandatory local law applicable in your country of residence.
If you are not happy with the way Grokker deals with any disagreement then you and we may agree to refer the matter to mediation or arbitration but you and we are not restricted from bringing court proceedings. The European Commission provides for an online dispute resolution platform, which you can access here: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. If you would like to bring a matter to our attention, please e-mail Grokker at support@grokker.com. Grokker is not obliged nor willing to participate in dispute settlement proceedings before a consumer arbitration board or scheme.
6. Liability
If you are a Consumer resident in the UK purchasing access to the Grokker Service or you are an Individual Enterprise User resident in the UK, you are using the Grokker Service in a private capacity, and so Grokker shall not in any event be liable to you for business-related loss, damage, or costs such as lost data, lost profits, or business interruption.
Grokker will use reasonable skill and care in providing the Grokker Service in a secure and reliable way but Grokker shall have no liability for any loss, damage, or costs in relation to the Grokker Service: (a) due to your own fault; (b) due to a third party unconnected with our own performance; (c) due to any other events which are outside our or our suppliers' control even if we or they have taken reasonable care; or (d) that are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into these Terms of Service.
We do not however limit or exclude our liability to you or anyone else in relation to the Grokker Service where this is prohibited by law including for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
7. General
If you breach any provision of these Terms of Service and Grokker does not take any action against you, we may still take action against you later or if you breach the same provision on another occasion or if you breach a different provision.
We intend to rely upon the written terms set out in these Terms of Service (as may be amended in accordance with the Terms of Service) as the entire understanding between us relating to Grokker’s Service.
If you and we agree any other changes, please make sure that you request that these are confirmed in writing.
That way we can avoid any problems surrounding what we or you are expected to do in relation to Grokker’s Service.
Only you or Grokker have the right to enforce any provision under these Terms of Service.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms of Service to another organisation, and we will always notify you in writing if this happens, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these Terms of Service. We will wherever possible provide you with prior notice of this.
Skip social buttons
fil_getAboutPressJobsHelp CenterContact UsPrivacyTerms of ServiceBlogGift Center© 2020 Grokker Inc. All Rights Reserved.