https://hallresearch.com/privacy_policy/
Home
Products
New Products
Switchers
Matrix Switchers
Distribution Amps/Splitters
Extension
Scalers & Processors
Audio
Control Systems
KVM
Cables and Adapters
EDID Mgmt Tools
Fiber Optic Extenders
Miscellaneous
Discontinued
B-Stock
Solutions
Support
Downloads
Warranty
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manufacturer Representatives
Find Resellers
To Purchase
Project Registration
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hall Research cares about your right to privacy. This policy explains how we intend to handle any personal identification information you give us online. Personal identification information enables us to identify you, your e-mail address, name, business, etc.
How We Collect and Use Personal Identification Information
The Hall Research’s website HallResearch.com is available for use by anyone, regardless of their willingness to disclose personal identification information. Sharing your personal identification information makes it easier for you to:
•  Request information or materials concerning our products and services.
•  Receive personalized newsletters and other messages on our products and services that we feel may be relevant to your interests.
•  Your personal identity information generally facilitates future communication with you. For example, your information and profile can be used to send you informative e-mails about Hall Research’s latest products and services. You will always be able to unsubscribe should you no longer wish to receive them.
•  Purchase Hall Research products online.
•  View specialized content such as pricing, product availability, and special events.
•  Participate in surveys or submit a contest entry.
We also collect certain anonymous information that cannot be associated with you personally, such as the domains from which you visit us, the number of visitors to our website, and areas of interest. We analyze this data to assess trends, statistics, and customers’ needs, and to help us improve our Web site, products, and services to our customers.
Opting In, Opting Out
You may opt in or out of receiving information at any time. For example, e-mail messages will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe so that you will not receive the e-mail in question in the future:
If you’d like to be removed from our e-mail newsletters, please send an e-mail message to info_@_hallresearch.com (Remove the “_” characters from around the @).
Type the words UNSUBSCRIBE followed by your e-mail address in the subject line.
Alternatively, every e-mail newsletter that we send you has an unsubscribe hyperlink that will automatically prohibit any further e-newsletters to be sent to you.
Accuracy and Access
We want your personal identification information to remain accurate. If you have given personal identification information to Hall Research, you may contact Hall Research to confirm or change your information.
Safeguarding Your Personal Identification Information
We protect the personal identification information you share with us. Hall Research uses a variety of commercially available security technologies to protect your personal identification information, including secure servers and firewalls.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Hall Research does not share your personal identification information with third party organizations.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, contact your Hall Research at one of the numbers below:
800-959-6439 (inside US/Canada only) or 714-641-6607
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. While we do not intend to change this policy often, please check back occasionally to be sure that you have read and agree with the type of information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Policy last revised on July 14, 2009
Copyright 2020 Hall Research