https://hansonwebdesign.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Latest News
WooCommerce. Start selling.
Sellerdeck new release
Search for:
Facebook
Twitter
Welcome to Hanson Web Design’s Privacy Policy Statement
This policy sets out how we handle personal information. It covers Hanson Web Design. Sites refer to sites run by Hanson Web Design.
What type of personal information do we collect?
We (the company) collect information from you to process your enquiry from the website. The information is only used to reply to your query and is not added to any marketing list or used in any other way. This is not shared with anyone.
Other information collected is what is required to process your hosting order, website changes or a new website. This information only consists of the company name, contact name, company address, phone number and an appropriate email for contact. This information is added to the accounts package and to the hosting system where appropriate, so that we can provide your required business services. No personal details are kept, and neither are credit card/payment card details. Bank account details may be required to process refunds, where necessary but are not needed to be kept.
How we collect personal information
Information we request is pertinent to a business.
If hosting with Hanson Web Design, then we will require that we send out information on a mailing list. This information will be pertinent to the services your company requires. Eg Server upgrades, holiday cover etc.. We only require your business’s contact name and address.
We may collect personal information directly when you provide it to us, to provide you with goods and services. This is required to purchase such items and produce a suitable invoice.
You are likely to provide personal information when you buy services on our Sites, subscribe to a newsletter, email list, submit feedback, enter a contest, fill out a survey, or send us a communication.
If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our services and you may not be able to carry out transactions or access the full range of features available through our Sites.
What type of personal information do we collect?
We collect certain personal information about visitors and users of our sites. The most common types of information we collect are things like: user names, customer names, email addresses, other contact details, payment information such as bank account details, transactional details, support queries, and web analytics data. Information or an opinion is your “personal information” if it is about you as an identified or identifiable individual.
How we collect personal information
We may collect personal information directly when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through the Sites.
When you provide personal information to us via the Sites you’re consenting to us collecting and using that information in line with this policy and the user terms of each of the Sites. You are likely to provide personal information when completing enquiry forms and buy or provide items or services on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, email list, buy a service or product, or send us a communication.
If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our services and you may not be able to carry out transactions or access the full range of features available through our sites.
Personal information we collect about you from others
Although we generally collect personal information directly from you, we may on occasion also collect information about you from other people (such as the payment provider account details required to process a transaction) and by using tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and other web analytics software or services.
How do we use personal information?
We may use your personal information in order for us to:
Operate our Sites and provide you with services described on the Sites, like to verify your identity when you sign in to any of our Sites, to facilitate and process transactions that take place on the Sites, to respond to support tickets and to help facilitate the resolution of any disputes
Update you with operational news and information about our Sites and services like to notify you about changes to our Sites, website disruptions or security updates
Provide you with information that you request from us or, where we have your consent to do so, provide you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you
Carry out technical analysis to determine how to improve the Sites and services we provide
Monitor activity on the Sites, like to identify potentially fraudulent activity and to ensure compliance with the user terms that apply to the Sites
Manage our relationship with you, like by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on the Sites
Provide general administrative and performance functions and activities.
When may we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose personal information to people like:
Domain name providers, SSL providers
Subcontractors and service providers who assist us in supporting your business we may use personal information (as set out above)
Our accountants, lawyers etc
Government authorities as set out by law
We use cloud services but ensure your data is protected and ensure that we maintain the best possible service standards.
We use a network of subcontractors and service providers in order to provide some services. We try to ensure they are only from the UK.
We take care where possible to work with subcontractors and service providers who we believe maintain an acceptable standard of data security compliance.
How do we store your personal information?
We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, and occasionally hard copy files that are kept in a secure location. Personal information that we store is subject to security and access controls, including username and password authentication and data encryption where appropriate. The accounts system will hold information about customers who have bought services or products, this is held securely.
How can you access your personal information?
You can access some of the information that we collect about you by logging in to your hosting account if applicable. You also have the right to make a request to access other information we hold about you and to request corrections of any errors in that information. You may also close the account you have with us for any of our Sites at any time. To make an access or correction request, contact our company owner using the contact details at the end of this policy.
Choices regarding control of your personal information
Where we have your consent to do so (e.g if you have subscribed to one of our e-mail lists or have otherwise indicated that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us), we may send you marketing communications about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. You can ‘opt-out’ of such communications if you would prefer not to receive them in the future.
If your e-mail address has changed and you would like to continue to receive our e-mails, you will need to access your account and update your e-mail address information in your account and sign-up again for those e-mails that you want to receive.
If we send e-mails with commercial content we will generally include an “unsubscribe” facility that you can use to opt-out of further communications – to opt-out, just follow the instructions in the e-mail. We might not include an opt-out facility in important operational and service-based e-mails concerning things like your purchases, the user terms, important updates and need-to-know messages. By using our Sites you agree that we do not need to include opt-out facilities in those messages.
You also have choices about cookies, as described below. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies some parts of our Sites may not work properly in your case.
Cookies and web analytics
We use cookies to see how many visitors we have. This may be for web statistics and Google analytics. For more general information on cookies, see http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
When you visit our Sites, there’s certain information that’s recorded which is generally anonymous information and may not reveal your identity. If you’re logged into your hosting account some of this information could be associated with your account. We’re talking about the following kinds of details:
your IP or proxy server IP
basic domain information
your Internet service provider is sometimes captured depending on the configuration of your ISP connection
the date and time of your visit to the website
the length of your session
the pages which you have accessed
the number of times you access our site within any month;
the size of file you look at
the website which referred you to our Sites
the operating system which your computer uses.
Information about children
Our Sites are not suitable for children under the age of 18 years, so if you are under 18 we ask that you do not use our Sites or give us your personal details. There is no harmful information, but our services are not available to those younger than 18.
Information you make public or give to others
If you make your personal information available to other people, we can’t control or accept responsibility for the way they will use or manage that information.
There are lots of ways that you may find that you have provided such information to other people, like when you post a public message on a forum thread, share information via social media, or make contact with another user via our Sites. Before making your information publicly available or giving your information to anyone else, please think carefully. If giving information to another user via our Sites, ask them how they will handle your information. If you’re sharing information via another website, check the privacy policy for that site to understand its information management practices as this privacy policy will not apply.
When we need to update this policy
We may need to change this policy from time to time to ensure that it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements.
If we do amend the policy, the changes will be effective straight away. We’ll usually publish information about changes to be made to this policy on our company website – but please be aware that it is your responsibility to check in and make sure you keep up to date with any changes to this policy.
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact Jenny Hanson, Company Owner, using the contact details on this website.
If you have any concerns about how we have been managing your personal information, or if you think we have not been complying with UK privacy law, you can make a complaint in writing to our company owner. We respect your privacy at all times.
Hanson Web Design, PO Box, Great Amwell, Ware, Herts SG12 9UW. Tel: 01920 463082 jenny@hansonwebdesign.co.uk
24/5/18
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We use them for our analytics and statistics. You may of course opt out. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Please find information on our Privacy Policy page.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.