https://hansonwebdesign.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Latest News
WooCommerce. Start selling.
Sellerdeck new release
Search for:
Facebook
Twitter
Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) and Terms of Service (TOS)
Hanson Web Design agrees to provide the client web hosting for an annual fee unless otherwise agreed. Hanson Web Design will never require clients to advertise for Hanson Web Design on their website in any way shape or form unless agreed upon such as a non-profit organization receiving complimentary hosting. Clients are allowed to use the service for business/commercial or personal websites or content.
Content:
All services provided by Hanson Web Design may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any United Kingdom (or any other country) law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to copyrighted material, material that is threatening or obscene, material that is “adult only” content, or material protected by trade secrets and other statues. The subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Hanson Web Design from any claims resulting from the use of the service which damages the subscriber or any other party.
Web Hosting:
The client accepts that this service is provided through reputable third party suppliers and Hanson Web Design will not be held responsible for direct or indirect losses by the client for the failure of this service or its suspension by the provider under their acceptable use policy.
Adult Content:
Pornography and sex-related merchandising are prohibited on any server. This includes sexual content, or direct links to adult content elsewhere. This is also true for sites that promote any illegal activity or content that may be damaging to our servers or any other server on the Internet. Links to such materials are also prohibited. Hanson Web Design will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.
Examples of non-acceptable content or links:
– Pirated software
– Hacking programs or archives
– Warez Sites
– Porn
– Spamming Software
Background-running Programs:
We do not allow background-running programs. This includes any IRC related software such as bouncers and bots. In certain cases we may allow programs to run continually in the background, these are considered on a one to one basis and an extra charge will be incurred based on system resources used and operational maintenance needed.
Banned Scripts:
You are free to use any scripts you wish provided they do not affect the normal operations of the server and they are not mentioned specifically below. Scripts that are commonly known for causing server disruption include large cgi-based message forums, auctions, and banner exchanges. In the event a script affects normal server and/or administrative operations, Hanson Web Design reserves the right to disable the account pending client cooperation and resolution.
Scripts we do not allow include:
– Chat servers/scripts of any kind are strictly prohibited.
– Formmail is not allowed on our servers.
You can use formmail scripts but they must be up todate and not running with the filename “formmail”. Any files named “formmail” will be deleted without notice.
Distribution and/or Transmission of Obscene or Indecent Speech or Materials:
Violation of indecency and obscenity laws can result in criminal penalties.
Intellectual Property Rights:
Material accessible to you through Hanson Web Design’s Services may be subject to protection under United Kingdom (or any other country) copyright laws, or laws protecting trademarks, trade secrets or proprietary information. Except when expressly permitted by the owner of such rights, you must not use the Hanson Web Design Service in a manner that would infringe, violate, dilute or misappropriate any such rights, with respect to any material, which you access or receive through the Hanson Web Design Network. If you use a domain name in connection with the Hanson Web Design Service or similar service, you must not use that domain name in violation of any trademark, service mark, or similar rights of any third party.
Network Security:
Customers may not use the Hanson Web Design Network in an attempt to circumvent user authentication or security of any host, network, or account. This includes, but is not limited to, accessing data not intended for the customer, logging into a server or account the customer is not expressly authorized to access, password cracking, probing the security of other networks in search of weakness, or violation of any other organization’s security policy. Customers may not attempt to interfere or deny service to any user, host, or network. This includes, but is not limited to, flooding, mail bombing, or other deliberate attempts to overload or crash a host or network. Hanson Web Design will cooperate fully with investigations of violations of systems or network security at other sites, including cooperating with law enforcement authorities in the investigation of suspected criminal violations. Users who violate system or network security may incur criminal or civil liability.
It is your responsibility to keep your site scripting up-to-date to avoid hacking. If we need to restore your site because of this you will be charged £85 + vat. Old scripts that may work for you may allow a hacker to penetrate your site. Subject to your site being backed up within our system.
Defamation:
Defamatory speech distributed over the Internet can result in civil liability for the defamer.
Refusal of Service:
Hanson Web Design reserves the right at its sole discretion to refuse or cancel service. Violation of any of Hanson Web Design’s Rules and Regulations could result in a warning, suspension, or possible account termination. Accounts terminated due to policy violations will not be refunded. Domains terminated due to policy violations will not be released to the customer.
Spam Or Unsolicited E-Mail:
You must not use the Hanson Web Design Network, Hanson Web Design equipment or any Hanson Web Design email address in connection with the transmission of spam, flames, mail bombs, or substantially similar, unsolicited email messages. Your domain may not be referenced as originator, intermediary, or reply-to address in any of the above. This prohibition extends to the sending of unsolicited mass mailings from another service that in any way implicates the use of the Hanson Web Design Network, Hanson Web Design equipment or any Hanson Web Design email address. A message is considered unsolicited if it is posted in violation of a newsgroup charter or if it is sent to a recipient who has not requested or invited the message. For purposes of this provision, merely making one’s email address accessible to the public will not constitute a request or invitation to receive messages.
If you are found to have spammed, Hanson Web Design reserves the right to disable your domain without warning. In addition, Hanson Web Design may impose a £100 penalty for each spam policy violation. Hanson Web Design solely reserves the right to refuse or cancel service to known spammers. Lastly, Hanson Web Design reserves the right to determine what violates this policy. As such, any violation may result in cancellation of services without refund.
Please note that there is a limit of the number of email addresses that can be sent to at one time. This is to stop the email servers becoming unavailable to other users because of processing your request. If you wish to mailshot then please use such a facility as Mailchimp.
Abuse:
Any attempts to undermine, slander, libel, threaten or cause harm to a Hanson Web Design server, customer, employee, or the company directly is strictly prohibited and is grounds for immediate termination without refund. In addition, we will pursue all attempts to the fullest extent of the law.
Payment Options:
In order to streamline our accounting procedures and keep costs down Hanson Web Design runs a limited number of payment options.
Credit / Debit Cards:
Hanson Web Design accepts Mastercard, Visa, Switch and Solo (all processed via PayPal). A 5% charge will be applicable.
Cheque / Bank Transfer:
Hanson Web Design accepts Cheque’s and Direct Bank Transfers
Non Payment of invoices may lead to loss of service or removal of access to such services/items not paid for. Payment terms 14 days unless otherwise agreed. Late payment will be subject to a daily rate charge of Bank rate + 8%, as set out in “The Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998”. All services/goods remain the property of Hanson Web Design until all outstanding invoices are paid. Any costs in recovering unpaid debts using a third party service will be added to the overdue invoice payment. This may be approx. 10% of the outstanding debt.
Any query to an invoice should be raised within the terms of the invoice, ie if the payment term is 14 days then all queries are to be raised within 14 days, otherwise, it is agreed that the invoice is accepted with no dispute.
Bounced cheques/returned payments will receive a £20.00* admin charge
Support
If a customer requires support for their software, websites not under the remit of hosting a minimum charge of £20 + vat will be applied.
Indemnification:
Customer agrees that it shall defend, indemnify, save and hold Hanson Web Design™ (or it’s employee’s/owners) harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims, including reasonable legal fees asserted against Hanson Web Design, its agents, its customers, officers and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by customer, it’s agents, employees or assigns. Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Hanson Web Design against liabilities arising out of; (1) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with Hanson Web Design server; (2) any material supplied by customer infringing or allegedly infringing on the proprietary rights of a third party and (3) copyright infringement. Customer agrees to limit the liability of Hanson Web Design to the amount paid for service.
Refunds Policy:
All domain registration fees are non-refundable, in whole or in part, even if your domain name registration is suspended, cancelled or transferred prior to the end of your then current registration term.
We do not offer any kind of “money back” guarantee, except where stated. We aim to please, so would hope you would discuss any problem first.
Cancellation:
Hanson Web Design reserves the right to cancel services at any time. All fees paid in advance of cancellation will be pro-rated and paid back by Hanson Web Design from the time Hanson Web Design institutes its right of cancellation. Any violation of policies which results in extra costs will be billed to the customer (i.e. transfer, space, etc.)
All of Hanson Web Design ‘s web hosting plans are backed by a 14-day money back guarantee. If you are not completely satisfied with our services or support within the first 14 days of our contract, you will be given a full refund of the contract amount excluding setup fees, over usage fees, domain registration fees, or SSL certificate registration fees. Setup fees are refundable only if the account order is cancelled prior to activation. For web hosting contracts, the full contract amounts less setup, merchant and over usage fees, domain registration fees and SSL certificate registration fees will be refunded if Hanson Web Design is notified within the first 14 days following activation. Refund payment will be made within 90 days of receipt of the cancellation request. Refunds for cancellation of web development work is entirely at the discretion of Hanson Web Design management. It may not be possible to refund deposits paid for web development if a significant amount of web design is completed before a cancellation request is received.
Should you wish to cancel your account after the 14-day money back period or if you do not wish to take advantage of the money back guarantee, your request must be completed online from your hosting control panel. You will be billed for the completion of the current billing cycle whether it be monthly, quarterly, or yearly. Hanson Web Design has up to 30 days to deactivate your account, email addresses, etc., however, should this period carry over into a new billing cycle, you will not be responsible for any new charges accrued.
Disclaimer:
Hanson Web Design will not be responsible for any damages your business may suffer. Hanson Web Design makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied for services we provide. Hanson Web Design disclaims any warranty or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. This includes loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, wrong delivery, and any and all service interruptions caused by Hanson Web Design and its employees. Hanson Web Design makes no “uptime” guarantees.
Hanson Web Design keeps backups of key server systems only and these backups are not available for customer use. Hanson Web Design can accept no responsibility for any loss of data or consequences arising from this. Hanson Web Design always advises clients to back up their site data regularly for their own protection.
All communications (emails, verbal or written) are between Hanson Web Design and the client. These communications are private and are therefore not to be shared with any other parties.
Finally, Hanson Web Design wishes to emphasize that in accepting services, customers indemnify Hanson Web Design for the violation of any law or Hanson Web Design policy, that results in loss to Hanson Web Design or the bringing of any claim against Hanson Web Design. This means that if Hanson Web Design is sued because of activities of the customer that violate any law, or this policy, the customer will pay any damages awarded against Hanson Web Design, plus costs and reasonable legal fees.
Failure to comply with any of our terms & conditions will result in grounds for immediate account deactivation.
Hanson Web Design reserves the right to change, edit, or update the policies contained in this document at any time for any reason without notice.
*all services are subject to VAT.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We use them for our analytics and statistics. You may of course opt out. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Please find information on our Privacy Policy page.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.