https://helpdeskgeek.com
Help Desk Geek – Help Desk Tips for IT Pros
5 Ways to Clean Electronics Safely
December 10th, 2020
by Kayla Dube
File in: How-To
Many of the typical methods of cleaning other surfaces may not apply to cleaning electronics. You have to be especially careful when cleaning computers, gaming consoles, or televisions, as they […]
How to Factory Reset Google Home and Home Mini
December 10th, 2020
by Ryan Dube
File in: How-To
The Google Home and Google Home Mini are two of the most popular smart home devices families are using in their homes today. This is because Google Home and the […]
How to Restore Deleted Files in Windows 10
December 9th, 2020
by Dilum Senevirathne
File in: Windows 10
Did you end up deleting a file or a folder on your PC by accident? Or did you change your mind after hitting the Delete key on purpose?  We can’t […]
A Microsoft Planner Tutorial: Everything You Need to Know
December 9th, 2020
by Maggie Marystone
File in: Tools Review
Microsoft calls its Planner application “a simple, visual way to organize teamwork.” Among other features, this project management app helps you make a project plan, create and assign tasks in […]
How to Sell Old Video Games and Consoles
December 8th, 2020
by Kayla Dube
File in: How-To
Making space for new consoles or games can be difficult. If you’re thinking about selling some of your games or consoles, it’s actually very easy to do so. Selling games […]
How to Use Remote Desktop in Windows 10
December 8th, 2020
by Guy McDowell
File in: Windows 10
Wouldn’t it be great to log on to a computer from anywhere? Imagine accessing your computer from any Android, iOS, or Windows device. That’s the point of Windows Remote Desktop. […]
What Is Agent.exe and Is it Safe?
December 7th, 2020
by Ben Stockton
File in: Windows 10
If you’re using Windows, then hundreds of different system processes are running in the background, allowing you to read this article. A browser like Chrome (chrome.exe) provides you with the […]
Why Is My Network Data Transfer So Slow? 12 Fixes
December 7th, 2020
by Sydney Butler
File in: Help Desk
Everyone with a network router at home also has a local area network (LAN), which makes it easy to share resources and data between devices. Modern networks are also blazing […]
How to Fix an Unexpected Kernel Mode Trap BSOD
December 6th, 2020
by Ben Stockton
File in: Windows 10
Windows 10 may share many things with its predecessors, but instability isn’t one of them. The most recent release of Windows is far more stable than earlier versions, with far […]
How to Be More Organized: 12 Apps That Can Help
December 5th, 2020
by Anya Zhukova
File in: Reviews
Are you looking for ways to be more organized? Struggling to strike the perfect balance between the time you spend working, doing chores, and spending time with your family? As […]
Posts navigation
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
…
144
Next
Daily Email Newsletter
Featured Posts4 Situations When Live Location Sharing Could Save a Life12 Chromebook Tips And TricksThe Definitive Guide to Battery ChargingHow Does Wireless Charging Work?
Recent Posts5 Ways to Clean Electronics SafelyHow to Factory Reset Google Home and Home MiniHow to Restore Deleted Files in Windows 10A Microsoft Planner Tutorial: Everything You Need to KnowRandom PostsHow To Automatically Shut Down a Windows ComputerWhat To Do If The Windows Store Won’t OpenHow to Add to Windows PATH Environment VariableHDG Explains: What Is Chromebook Developer Mode & What Are Its Uses?
Do not share my Personal Information.