https://highgrove.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement sets out how Highgrove Computer Services complies with European Union data protection requirements. This applies to the entire Website.
You can also access this privacy statement via our terms of use by clicking on the appropriate link.
We are committed to respecting your privacy. We have structured our Website so that, in general, you can visit relevant parts of the Website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
what we collect
We may collect the following information:
Where you can order products, we will collect your name, address, company email address, contact and billing information (including telephone and fax numbers) transaction and credit card information.
We may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your professional interests, experiences with our products and services, and contact preferences in order to provide you with further correspondence about our products and services.
Some pages use cookies, a data analysis technique.
what do we do with the information we gather?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
1. Internal record keeping.
2. We may use the information to improve our products and services.
3. We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided when you registered as a user on this site.
4. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
your choices
When you use this site and have not advised us to the contrary, you are agreeing that we may use your personal information for the purposes 1 and 2, described above. Where we wish to use your information for the purposes 3 and 4, described above, we will ask for your consent.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
When you provide any information on line, you should look for the box which you can click to say that you want the information to be used by anyone for direct marketing purposes. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.
what if you think we have incorrect information or you would like a copy of the information we hold about you?
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. This fee will not exceed £10. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible to the above address. We will correct any information which was found to be incorrect promptly.
security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on line. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
other websites
Our Website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
how we use cookies
A cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, your browser adds that text in a small file. A cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. For example, when you visit an electronic store, a cookie makes it easier to shop, by allowing you to place things into a shopping basket; the basket itself is not the cookie, the cookie is placed on your hard drive and keeps track of your basket versus others in use at the same time.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our Website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Denial of a traffic log cookie should not prevent you from using one of these sites.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. This practice is strictly in force. We know that people have concerns about cookies, but we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. You may set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely and you can delete the files that contain cookies.
Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmail
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.