http://hindsiteinc.com/privacy-policy/
Services
Online Presence
Design & UX
Infographics & Data Viz.
Company
Our Work
Free Resources
Our Blog
Website Grader
GET IN TOUCH
Services
Online Presence
Design & UX
Infographics & Data Viz.
Company
Our Work
Free Resources
Our Blog
Website Grader
Get in Touch
Privacy Policy
At HindSite Interactive, Inc we are committed to protecting your privacy. As a result we have adopted the following privacy policy intended to explain how your personal information is processed and used. First and foremost we will make every effort to ensure that our business activities reflect our privacy policy.
Please be reminded that by visiting hindsiteinteractive.com, or pointaccess.net you agree to our privacy policy stated within this page.
What Information may HindSite Interactive, Inc. gather about its visitors and how will it be used once collected?
Every computer connected to the Internet is provided with a domain name (e.g. hindsiteinteractive.com) and an IP Address (e.g. 67.225.164.30). When a visitor requests a page from within the HindSite Interactive, Inc. website, our Web Servers automatically identify and log the HTTP request that is being made to our Web Server. This information reveals nothing personal about you and yourself.
The only information that we automatically gather and log is shown below:
Your IP address
The IP Addres of the Site that might have Referred you.
The Web Page that you may have linked to us from
The product Identifier for the Make and Version of the Browser you were using while accessing our web site (Ex. Internet Explorer 5.0 or Netscape 7.0)
The Operating System platform that you may be running (ex. Windows XP)
Search words or Terms that were passed from a Search Engine (ex. Yahoo, Google, HotBot, etc..)
The information collected is normally used for statistical analysis of web traffic and design guidelines we may follow. Please note that collecting this information has become pretty much standardized by most if not all Web servers and Internet Service Providers today.
HindSite Interactive, Inc. may use this information to examine the flow of web traffic through our web servers and analyze for marketing purposes, and also to ensure from our analysis that we can accommodate the proper design and development codes to better optimize for various Operating Systems, Browsers, and web connections.
What information does HindSite Interactive, Inc. request?
We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for purposes of adding you to our mailing list, or by your request to have someone contact you for additional information about our service, jobs, or partner opportunities. Whenever we request the identity of any visitor, we will first indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the information is requested or sent to us.
HindSite Interactive always maintains a very strict “No Spam” policy. This means that means we do not intend to sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address to a third-party, without your consent.
If you are a member of our Mailing List, you will be contacted with announcements, news, portfolio or case study additions, and new products or services that may be offered by HindSite Interactive, Inc. You do have the option of “Unsubscribing” from our Mailing List at any time, which will disable your e-mail from receiving any further e-mail communication from being sent to you.
Should you wish to discuss specific subjects with a HindSite Interactive, Inc. representative, you will be required to provide specific information that will help us better assist you with your inquiry.
What are Cookies and what about Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser from our Web Server. A cookie cannot read data from your hard disk or read cookie files that may have been created from other sites. The HindSite Interactive, Inc.website utilizes cookies as a means of providing personalization features to our visitors. For example, we utilize cookies to remember settings (such as music selections or downloads) that you may have made at our website.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. Typically, by accessing the browser’s help feature you can obtain information on how to prevent your browser from accepting all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our website and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Will HindSite Interactive, Inc. disclose the information collected to Third Parties?
HindSite Interactive, Inc. will only disclose your personal information or any of its stored data log file information from its web servers when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such actions are necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on HindSite Interactive, Inc.
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the legal notice, or the rights of third parties.
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities.
Protect and defend the rights or property of HindSite Interactive, Inc., or visitors of HindSite Interactive, Inc.
HindSite Interactive, Inc. conducts precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure and protected. HindSite Interactive, Inc. reserves the right to transfer information in connection with the sale of all or part of HindSite Interactive, Inc. assets, or company stocks to any third party.
Although we take precautions in protecting all information collected through our web site, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information.
HindSite Interactive, Inc. also provides “links” to a number of other web sites on the Internet. We are not responsible for their Privacy Policies and legal terms or how those web sites manage information about their users. We strongly urge you to check with those web sites to determine their privacy policy.
Note that any changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of the type of information we may collect, and we use and analyze this data and under what strict circumstances we may disclose it to a third party.
Revision: December 15, 2010
Copyright 2010, HindSite Interactive, Inc. All Rights Reserved.