http://hoppa.com/en/terms-conditions
hoppa uses cookies to help improve your browsing experience. To accept cookies continue
browsing as normal. Or go to our
cookie tool for more
information and preferences.
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies. Some of these cookies are essential,
while some are used to help improve your browsing experience. For
more detailed information on the cookies we use, please check our
privacy policy. Privacy policy.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary Cookies are essential to the operation of our website,
supporting functions such as logging in and payment transactions.
These cookies can only be disabled by changing your browser
preferences.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies collect information about how you use our
website, for example how efficiently you are able to navigate. All
information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to
improve how our website works.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies allow us to remember your saved preferences,
such as your username, language or region, and tailor our website to
provide enhanced features and content for you.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies gather information about your browsing habits and
help us to make our website and advertising more relevant to your
interests. They remember that you`ve visited our website and share
this information with other organisations such as advertisers.
Accept and continue
Coronavirus updates click
here
Terms & Conditions
Terms & conditions
The following administrative terms apply to contracts arranged by Resorthoppa (UK) Limited, acting as a disclosed agent for the supplier, for passenger services between the departure points and destinations specified at the time these services are booked and paid for. References to “you”and“your” in these administrative terms and conditions mean all passengers listed in the written confirmation (including anyone who is substituted or added at a later date). “We”, “us” and “our” means Resorthoppa (UK) Limited.
1. Resorthoppa (UK) Limited
1.1. Resorthoppa (UK) Limited (“Hoppa”) is a limited company registered in England (company registration number 4933736 and its VAT registration number is 270 3491 14), whose registered and trading address is at 2nd Floor, Steward House, Commercial Way, Woking, Surrey, GU21 6EN, United Kingdom.
1.2. Hoppa is a booking service for passenger transport services (“the services”) at all times acting as the disclosed agent of the supplier specified at the time the services are booked (or the supplier providing the services, should this supplier be different to that specified at time of booking) and paid for by you and confirmed by Hoppa (“the booking”). The terms and conditions applicable to the contract between you and the supplier are set out in the booking conditions of the relevant supplier. These are available on request. Since Hoppa acts as the disclosed agent for its suppliers, it cannot accept any liability arising from the provision of the services.
1.3. By arranging the services through us with the relevant supplier, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (as they may be modified and posted on our website or app from time to time) as well as other information contained on the website, app, email or any other form of electronic or written communication with you.
2. Status of the Passenger(s) and their agents
The purchaser of the transport services specified in the booking (the “Lead Party”) and all of the other passengers listed in the booking are the other party to the contract with the nominated Supplier. On completion of your booking, your contract for the use and provision of the services is between you and the supplier. If the contract is made by an agent, or any other person acting on behalf of the passengers whose names appear in the booking, they are deemed to be acting as the agent of all of the passengers who use the Services.
3. Booking and payment
3.1. Bookings may be made online on the Hoppa website or the Hoppa app. Where two or more people are included in the same booking, the person making the booking (“the Lead Party” or “you”) shall be deemed to have done so on behalf of both or all members of the party and he or she accepts these terms and conditions on behalf of himself or herself and each member of the party. The Lead Party must follow the process for making the booking and paying for the services (either at the time of booking or immediately prior to the use by you of the services). The Lead Party must be at least 18 years of age.
3.2. Full payment is required either
(i) at the time of booking; or
(ii) not less than 48 hours before the use of the services by you; or
(iii) where you have booked Hoppa's on-demand services, on completion of your journey, depending on which services and payment option offered to you at the time you confirm the booking.
On receipt of such payment, Hoppa will process the booking and issue, on its website, app and by email the booking confirmation details of the persons involved in the booking and the transfer services which you have booked. Bookings made greater than 8 days before departure will receive their E-ticket 7 days before their departure date and bookings made within 7 days of departure will receive their E-ticket at the time of booking. The e-tickets acts as the ‘ticket’ and must be presented to the supplier representative for your journey.
A legally binding contract will be created between the Lead Party (and all of the passengers listed on the booking) and the supplier when the payment is processed, and we provide confirmation of the booking. No binding contract is created until full payment has been received by us. We are an online company and therefore all communication with you shall be via our website, app or email.
3.3. The initial low deposit payment option is subject to availability (entirely at our discretion) on selected routes, it will only be available for online bookings. The deposit will show as an option on the payment screen if a deposit payment option is available. The outstanding balance will automatically be deducted from the same credit/debit card used to pay the initial deposit and you will be informed of the due date of subsequent payments at the time of booking. In the event of cancelling 48 hours prior to travel you will be subject to a 100% loss of deposit. If you cancel within 48 hours of travel you will be liable for full cost of your booking, and/or the charges attached to the specific cancellation policy of the supplier booked. These charges are advised at the time of booking.
3.4. It is the Lead Party's (or the agent, or any other person acting on behalf of the passengers whose names appear on the booking) responsibility to check all of the details of the booking prior to travel and inform Hoppa as soon as possible if there are any errors. Hoppa, its suppliers or agents cannot be held responsible or liable for timeliness, accuracy or quality of the services due to incorrect information provided at the time you confirm the booking.
3.5. Where possible and if notified by the supplier we will contact you to advise if incorrect information has been provided by you on the booking, so that you may have an opportunity to amend the incorrect details. In this circumstance, you must provide the requested amendment information at least 48 hours before travel date, or this will result in the effected booking being cancelled and a refund equivalent to 75% of the value of your booking being issued. If any errors in the information provided by you result in a change to the cost of the services, you will be liable for that cost. In the event that you fail to pay for any increased costs due to incorrect information provided by you, Hoppa and/or its supplier reserves the right to cancel the services without any compensation or refund liability to you.
3.6. The supplier's price quoted to you at the time you make your booking is the price you will be required to pay and we guarantee there will be no additional costs which you will be required to pay, except with reference to clause 3.5 and 7.1, 7.2, 7.3 and 7.4, or where you book Hoppa's on-demand services where the price will be confirmed on the completion of your journey and the amount will be debited by us from the payment method you have provided to us and passed onto the relevant supplier.
4. Child Seats
In certain destinations that you may have booked (e.g. the European Union), the relevant authorities state that children must use an appropriate child seat until they reach 12 years of age or until they reach a height of 135 cm. Our supplier will endeavour to ensure that child seats are provided, where they have been requested (and in some cases paid for by you at the time of booking). Please ensure that you are aware of the local guidelines when travelling with children.
5. Child Pricing
5.1. Where you have arranged shuttle transport services, no charge is made for children under the age of two as long as they sit on an adult passenger’s lap. If a child aged greater than two years requires a seat, they will be charged the full price. For children of two and above a seat must always be booked at the price quoted at the time of booking for the relevant Services.
5.2. Where you have arranged private transport services, all children and infants count towards the occupancy of the vehicle, regardless of age, and this must be included in the total number of passengers at the time of booking.
6. Bookings for disabled passengers
We and our suppliers are not a specialist disabled transportation company but will use reasonable endeavours to cater for any requirements you may have. If you or any member of your party has any medical condition or disability which may affect your ability to use our standard services and/or if available wheelchair adaptable vehicles, please inform / provide us with your requirements via our portal by selecting the 'Need Help Booking' option, and in the how can we help you field, select the 'Special request for my booking' via this link: https://talktous.hoppa.com/en/support/tickets/new?form_2=true, so that we may ensure that the correct vehicle is booked to meet your requirements where available. This will also allow our local ride providers to be informed of any special conditions.
7. Amendments
7.1. Booking amendments should be made on our website or app. If you wish to make a change less than 48 hours prior to the use by you of the first services contained in your booking, you must send an email from the email address which you provided at the time of booking to: talktous.Hoppa.com, quoting your booking reference number, lead passenger name and the changes you require. These amendments will incur an administration fee and may result in increased charges which are payable prior to any changes being made.
7.2. Amendments will be subject to the booking conditions of the supplier who may charge amendment fees in addition to any cost increases or payment charges.
7.3. Where you request a change to your booking which involves services to a different destination than that specified in your booking, you will be required to cancel your original booking and make a new booking. Supplier's cancellation charges may apply.
7.4. If there is a price increase caused by any change you request to the services that you have booked, you will be required to pay the difference in the price between the services originally booked by you, and the price of the new services you have requested.
8. Cancellation by you
8.1. Cancellations must be made by you using our website or app. You may be entitled to a refund, depending on when you cancel your booking, as follows:
(i) Cancellation charges vary by supplier, please refer to the terms and conditions and the specific cancellation policy of the supplier booked at the time of booking.
(ii) If you do not use the services for any reason and do not cancel the booking using the website or app, no refunds will be provided.
(iii) All refunds will be processed as quickly as possible and will be credited to
a) the original form of payment and account which is used at the time you made the booking.
b) or a hoppa credit note which can be used on a future booking for the same value
8.2. If you have paid a deposit for your booking, then the following cancellation terms will apply:
(i) Bookings cancelled before full payment has been made will be subject to the loss of the deposit.
(ii) If your booking is cancelled less than 48 hours before travel you will be liable for the full value of the booking, and/or the charges attached to the specific cancellation policy of the supplier booked. These charges are advised at the time of booking.
8.3. In the event that you do not use the services for any reason and do not cancel the booking using the website or app, no refunds will be provided.
8.4. hoppa reserves the right to charge an administration fee for cancellations
9. Late bookings
Pre booked services may be booked up to 6 hours before departure, but this may vary by country, route, vehicle type and supplier.
10. Baggage allowance and declaration
All baggage must be clearly labelled with the owner’s name and the destination address. Our suppliers will use reasonable endeavours to accommodate all baggage carried by your party. Unless otherwise specified at the time of booking, each passenger named on the booking is entitled to have carried with him on the relevant transfers up to two items of baggage, i.e. one suitcase which should not exceed 60cm high x 43cm wide x 26cm deep, and one piece of appropriate sized hand luggage which should not exceed 40cm high x 20cm wide x 25cm deep. Carriage of any baggage exceeding these specified quantities and/or measurements will be subject to available baggage hold space and may be declined.
The supplier reserves the right to advise if the vehicle type booked cannot accommodate specified baggage allowance. In these cases, you may be required to upgrade your vehicle type.
If a passenger requires carriage of baggage in excess of this allowance or has special baggage objects (e.g. skis, golf clubs, bicycles, snowboards, wheelchairs/scooters etc.) this can be added as an extra at time of booking. Should the extra not be available at the time of booking, you must inform us by submitting your special request via this link: https://talktous.hoppa.com/en/support/tickets/new?form_2=true. The Supplier may, however, make a charge for excess baggage or refuse carriage of the excess items without prior arrangement.
11. Conditions of carriage
11.1. The supplier, its drivers and appointed agents, including Hoppa, reserve the right to refuse to carry any person who is, or appears to be, under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs and/or whose behaviour is considered to pose a threat to the driver, the vehicle or the other passengers. No refunds will be made in those circumstances.
11.2. Passengers are not allowed to consume alcohol or to smoke in any of the vehicles used to provide the services.
11.3. All vehicles provided by the suppliers are fully insured for passenger and third-party claims, as required by the local law. Passenger’s baggage is, however, carried entirely at their own risk and no responsibility can be accepted for loss or damage by the supplier of the services. Hoppa will not accept responsibility for any costs incurred or the making of any arrangements in returning the items to passengers. For any loss or forgotten items you must contact the local supplier in resort.
11.4. Whilst we endeavour to provide SMS messaging (where consent has been obtained) and reconfirm important booking information on the Hoppa app and website prior to the dates on which you use the supplier's service, the availability of that information cannot be guaranteed at any time prior to you using the service. It is your responsibility to utilise all options available to confirm the pickup time of your return service if you have made a booking. These options are located on your E-ticket, our website and app. If you require collection by our supplier from a different address to the location that you were dropped off (for return services), your return pick up must be confirmed with the supplier over the telephone only using the supplier's contact number provided to you on our website, app or E-ticket.
11.5. Whilst all reasonable efforts will be made by the supplier to provide the services at the times confirmed in your booking, there is no guarantee that the vehicle and driver will arrive on time in order to begin the period of hire, nor that it will reach its destination on time.
If the transportation arrangements you have booked with the suppliers are for collection at an airport or port or train station and the flight, ship or train arrival is more than 45 minutes later than the time confirmed in your booking, our suppliers will use reasonable endeavours to wait for you, but cannot guarantee the availability of the services under these circumstances. You should make every effort to contact the supplier using their contact details supplied to you on your E-ticket if you expect not be at the designated meeting point at the time specified on your E-ticket (or subsequently amended). You will not be entitled to a refund in this circumstance.
For services booked by you where our suppliers arrive at the designated pick up location later than the time notified to you by us or our suppliers, we recommend you contact the relevant supplier by telephone if the driver and vehicle are not at the designated pick up location at the time specified in the e-ticket provided to you.
Should you need to make alternative arrangements to reach your destination, you must make every effort to mitigate your losses in making alternative transport arrangements. When paying for alternative transport, please ensure that you obtain a proper receipt and then submit this to our service department on your return, together with any supporting documentation and evidence. We will investigate with the supplier the failure of the services within 14 days of you notifying us of any delay. We will not refund any costs without provision of original receipts and proof of payment. Our maximum liability to you, subject to the local providers terms and 12.4 of these terms, in respect of failure of the suppliers to provide the transportation arrangement, is limited to the actual costs incurred by you of any reasonable and comparable services.
11.6. If you are being collected from an airport, port or train station and your flight, ship or train is delayed or cancelled we recommend that you contact the supplier via the telephone numbers provided on your e-ticket. Whilst every effort will be made by our suppliers to accommodate changes to your services caused by delays outside of your control, this may not always be possible. It may not always be viable for the driver to wait and you may have to make alternative travel plans at your own cost locally. If the supplier is able to accommodate the new arrival time an additional charge may be applied. Hoppa and its suppliers accept no liability of any nature (including but not limited to alternative transportation costs and phone call costs) if you are not at the meeting point at the time specified in your booking confirmation for any reason.
11.7. Carriage by speedy shuttle transfer will only be to and from destinations which are Tourist Board registered unless specifically agreed in advance.
11.8. Carriage by shared shuttle transfer will only be to and from destinations which are Tourist Board registered properties unless specifically agreed in advance. Clients are required to supply full address details at the time of booking.
11.8.1. In some destinations your transfer/shuttle pick up and drop off may not be supplied to your hotel door and you may be dropped off or picked up at a central point within reasonable walking distance from your final destination.
11.8.2. Due to unforeseen circumstances such as roadwork's, infrastructure work, severe weather and traffic conditions the pick up and drop off times notified to you may be affected. Where these restrictions occur, the vehicle will stop and collect passengers from the nearest accessible point to the arrival or destination point specified in your booking.
11.8.3. Transfer times displayed on our website are estimated and can depend on traffic and the number of en-route stops. When booking shared shuttle/speedy shuttle services the journey time could be longer during peak times of travel. Also, in certain areas, traffic conditions and seasonal increase in your destination's peak season can add to the estimated journey time. Our supplier’s experienced drivers will use reasonable endeavours to get you to your destination in the least amount of time practically achievable.
11.8.4. Where you have booked a return shared shuttle service, you may be collected several hours prior to the time you need to be at an airport, port or train station, depending on local traffic conditions, especially during peak season.
11.8.5. “Speedy” shuttle services will stop at a maximum of 4 locations prior to dropping you at the location specified (not including your own).
11.8.6. Speedy shuttle passengers may have to travel in the same vehicle with other shared transfer passengers.
11.8.7. Save where you have booked a specific vehicle type, all services may be operated by our suppliers using any type of vehicle at the supplier's discretion but at all times will meet local transportation laws, including the maximum allowable passengers for a type of vehicle.
11.9. Hoppa accepts no liability for any difficulty or services failure if clients are not in possession of the appropriate transfer documentation (printed or electronic) outlining the supplier's arrival and departure procedures at the time of travel.
11.10. Save where you have booked additional chauffeur drive services, private transfer services are provided from the pick up point to the final drop off point specified in your booking only. In case extra stops are required, a local charge may apply and must be paid by you at the time of the supplier providing the services.
11.11. The following are examples of events which are not within our or our supplier's reasonable control (“Force Majeure Event”)
(i) Accidents causing delays to the vehicle, exceptional or severe weather conditions, compliance with requests of the police, vandalism and terrorism, unforeseen traffic delays, industrial action by third parties, problems caused by other customers, other circumstances affecting passenger safety, road closures due to local fiestas or other events, properties that are not accessible to the type of services booked, acts of God, landslide, road damage, flood, earthquake, avalanche or any other natural disaster, epidemic or pandemic, war, threat of war or similar, fire or explosion, terrorist attack or riots.
(ii) Any delay or cancellation of the services booked by you caused by a Force Majeure Event means that neither we nor the supplier will refund or pay compensation.
11.12. Hoppa or its suppliers shall not be in breach of these terms and conditions, nor liable for any failure or delay in the performance of any of our obligations under these terms and conditions arising from a Force Majeure Event.
12. Our responsibility
12.1. We have a duty to select suppliers of transfer services using reasonable skill and care. We have no liability to you for the actual provision of the services (unless it is proved that we have breached our duty to use reasonable care in selecting the third-party supplier and you have incurred direct loss or damage as a result).
12.2. We, and each of our group companies, officers and employees, exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that you may incur (including any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interruption, loss of opportunity, loss of anticipated savings, wasted management or office time and whether in tort (including negligence), contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, in connection with your booking; the services; and/or your use of the Hoppa website or app.
12.3. We exclude all representations and warranties relating to the transfer services that you have booked through us to the fullest extent permitted by law.
12.4. Our liability to each passenger, except in cases involving death or personal injury, shall be limited to the maximum of the cost of the booking for the services.
12.5. Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits:
(i) our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence;
(ii) any of your other statutory rights as a consumer that cannot be excluded or limited.
12.6. Hoppa, on behalf of the supplier, is entitled to refuse any booking made by you. Hoppa does not guarantee to successfully allocate a supplier to every booking request. In the event that Hoppa is unable to allocate your booking request to a supplier, Hoppa will send an email to advise you of that fact. An alternative may be offered which may include additional charges.
13. Complaints
13.1. If you experience a problem while you are travelling. You should firstly contact the local supplier using the number provided in the booking confirmation and they will endeavour to resolve any concerns. Our suppliers have sole and exclusive rights in respect of the acceptance of changes to the provision of services, refunds, cancellation charges, goodwill payments and credits.
13.2. Should efforts made by the supplier not resolve your concerns to your satisfaction whilst you are travelling, you may contact us by using the contact details provided on your E-ticket. You may also submit a post trip complaint to us in writing, including all supporting documentation and receipts to validate your complaint, to https://talktous.hoppa.com/en/support/home. We will use all reasonable efforts to negotiate a satisfactory and reasonable outcome for you with the supplier and will respond to you no later than 14 days of receipt of your complaint.
13.3. Since requirements vary by suppliers, complaints must be submitted no later than the timeline specified by the relevant terms. We will not accept complaints arising from failure to follow Hoppa's or our supplier's terms and conditions (including but not limited to travelling without details of your booking, failure to reconfirm a return transfer arrangement or incorrect information provided at the time of booking).
14. Travel Insurance
We consider travel insurance and “Supplier failure” insurance to be essential and strongly advise you to arrange for appropriate travel insurance to cover you for a comprehensive range of events including cancellation, baggage loss or damage, accidents and medical conditions whilst you are away. It is your responsibility to ensure that the insurance cover you purchase is suitable and adequate for your particular needs. We strongly advise you to read the policy details carefully and to take them with you on your holiday.
15. Severability
If any provision or part of a provision, of these terms and conditions is found by any court or authority of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, otherwise invalid or unenforceable, such provision or part-provision will be struck out of these terms and conditions and the remainder of these terms and conditions will apply as if the offending provision or part-provision had never been agreed.
16. Assignment
You may not transfer any of your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions without our prior written consent. We may transfer any of our rights or obligations under these terms and conditions without your prior written consent.
17. Privacy
17.1. We are committed to protecting your privacy and security. All personal data that we collect from you will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy which can be accessed via our website.
18. Governing law and jurisdiction
18.1. These terms and conditions and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with these terms and conditions (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
19. User Conduct
19.1. The booking system used by our websites and apps is provided solely to permit users of the website or app to determine the availability of products and services and to make legitimate reservations or otherwise transact business with our suppliers and for no other purposes. You undertake not to use this website or app for any other purpose, including but not limited to promotion, marketing or sales of other services and products and you also undertake not to copy, replicate, imitate or link to this site without our express and written consent.
You agree to abide by the booking conditions of purchase of any supplier, which are notified to you before you make such purchase. The name, address and other information (including payment data if applicable) that you provide via our website or app, together with information regarding the manner in which you use our website and app will be used by us in accordance with the Privacy Policy of every site.
You agree not to use our website or app to:
i) Upload, post or e-mail any content onto our website or app;
ii) Transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files or programs
iii) Interfere with or disrupt our website, app, computer systems, software or servers or networks connected to them; or
iv) Crawling any part of the site and its services is allowed only if done in accordance with the provisions of our robots.txt file, otherwise scraping any part of the site or its services is prohibited.
20. Competitions
20.1. from time to time we run competitions to win the cost of your holiday. A holiday is classified as the cost of flights or rail fare to your destination and your accommodation cost. Maximum value of these two costs must not exceed £1000 GBP. Competitions will run for a set duration. Runners up prizes of a free transfer must not exceed £100 GBP. Proof of holiday and costs must be provided to be eligible to receive the prize
21. Introduce a friend
21.1. Under the Hoppa Introduce a friend program, customers who hold a Hoppa Customer Account are invited to earn Referral Rewards by means of inviting Referees (as described below) to make use of the Hoppa online transfer services that are on offer. The following terms of the Hoppa Introduce a friend program apply to both the Referrers and Referees (together referred to as the “Participants”) participating in the Hoppa Introduce a friend program.
21.2. Hoppa may suspend, terminate or change the terms and requirements of the Hoppa Introduce a friend Program Terms at any time and for any reason. A Referral Reward already earned in accordance with the Hoppa Introduce a friend Program Terms before such change, suspension or termination, will be honoured.
21.3. By taking part in the Hoppa Introduce a friend program, the Referee acknowledges that Hoppa may at its sole discretion, share the Referee’s first name, email address, and status of the Eligible Transfer Booking in the Referrers client account to inform the referrer about the status of the earned Referral Reward. This will be done in line with our privacy policy, the referee will be issued a privacy notice under article 14 of the GDPR and if doesn’t agree will be entitled to unsubscribe.
21.4. Hoppa staff members are excluded from participation.
21.5. A Referral Reward can be earned as follows:
(i) The referrer will send an automated email that is provided on the Hoppa website;
- A person, receiving the email containing promotional link (the “Referee”), creates an Eligible Transfer Booking through the Hoppa website by clicking on the Book Now button; and
- To ensure an eligible booking, the Referee must apply the received unique promotional code during the booking process. The Eligible Transfer Booking will be confirmed by Hoppa; and
- The Referrer will receive a confirmation email containing a Referral Reward.
(ii) Referrers and Referees must at all times be different persons.
(iii) A booking is considered an “Eligible Transfer Booking” when it has been made by clicking on the Book Now link, the unique promotional code is added/applied during the booking process and the total costs of the booking is made via Hoppa.com. Hoppa will only recognise one Eligible Transfer Booking per Referee per batch of emails sent.
(iv) The Hoppa Introduce a friend program can only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes.
(v) Hoppa will determine at its sole discretion, if the referrer and Referee have complied with and fulfilled the Hoppa Introduce a friend Program Terms, as described in the above.
(vi) A Referral Reward not redeemed within the stipulated time period after its confirmation by Hoppa.com will automatically expire. The Referral Reward cannot be transferred, exchanged for any cash or money or sold.
(vii) Each Referee may only make use once of a Referral Link, also if the Referee received from different Referrers.
(viii) Hoppa reserves the right to, at its sole discretion, to set the Referral Reward and review the compliance with the Hoppa Introduce a friend program terms.
21.6. The referrer shall not share or publish the Referral Unique Promotional code(s).
22. Hoppa credits
22.1. Hoppa may at times issue hoppa credits when processing refunds. These credits may at times also be issued when pre-purchased by a customer.
22.2. Hoppa credits can be redeemed against new bookings made, they cannot be used retrospectively against existing bookings.
22.3. When making a booking the price will automatically reduce by the hoppa credits amount, providing that the same email address is used for both the hoppa credits and the booking and that the hoppa credits value is equal to or less than the value of the booking made.
22.4. if the hoppa credits is less than the value of the booking the difference will need to be paid by credit card/paypal or other payment solution offered by hoppa.
22.5. If the booking value is less than the hoppa credits available, the remaining hoppa credits will be carried over and used against a customer’s next booking or bookings.
22.6. hoppa credits has an expiry date and will expire at 12 midnight GMT of the date of expiry, no claim or monetary refund will be given once expired.
22.7. hoppa credits cannot be transferred and can only be redeemed by the valid email that the hoppa credits are associated to.
22.8. hoppa credits cannot be used when using any low deposit booking option.