http://hoppa.com/en/privacypolicy
hoppa uses cookies to help improve your browsing experience. To accept cookies continue
browsing as normal. Or go to our
cookie tool for more
information and preferences.
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies. Some of these cookies are essential,
while some are used to help improve your browsing experience. For
more detailed information on the cookies we use, please check our
privacy policy. Privacy policy.
Necessary Cookies
Necessary Cookies are essential to the operation of our website,
supporting functions such as logging in and payment transactions.
These cookies can only be disabled by changing your browser
preferences.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies collect information about how you use our
website, for example how efficiently you are able to navigate. All
information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to
improve how our website works.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies allow us to remember your saved preferences,
such as your username, language or region, and tailor our website to
provide enhanced features and content for you.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies gather information about your browsing habits and
help us to make our website and advertising more relevant to your
interests. They remember that you`ve visited our website and share
this information with other organisations such as advertisers.
Accept and continue
Coronavirus updates click
here
Privacy Notice
Privacy policy
We hope that you enjoy using our website, safe in the knowledge that we are committed to protecting your privacy and security online.
If you have concerns about providing us with your information online? Let us put your mind at ease and find more about our:
1. SCOPE
Here at hoppa we want all your experiences with us to be in line with our customer promises, therefore, we have made our legal bits and bobs simple, straightforward and if you have any questions, we are easy to contact.
Hoppa are committed to protecting the rights of individuals in line with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR
2. Who are we?
Resorthoppa (UK) Limited, company number 04933736, trading as hoppa.com & hoppaGo.com, our correspondence address is 2nd Floor, Steward House, Commercial Way, Woking, Surrey, GU21 6EN.
3. What personal data do we collect about you and why?
We collect a range of personal data from you such as your name, address, email address, date of birth, flight details, accommodation details, debit card and credit card details (although we do not store your full credit, debit card or account details for security reasons). We need this information in order for us to fulfill our contract with you.
We may also collect information about your usage of the website or app and information from any messages you post to the website through chat solutions or app and e-mails and letters that you send us.
We use your personal information in order to fulfil our contract to you and provide transportation services and any other services and “extras” available to purchase on our website or app from time to time; to personalize your visits to our website or app; to manage your booking; and to bill you.
We may use your information to contact you for your views on our website, app or services, and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the website, app, services or your booking. We may use your information to let you know about our other products and services that may be of a legitimate interest to you including services that may be the subject of direct marketing, and we may contact you by telephone, text or e-mail.
We always respect the requirements of our customers so it is important to us that we are contacting you as you wish, that’s why we make it easy for you to choose what you want to be contacted about and unsubscribe where required at the click of a button if those choices no longer apply.
4. Who do we share your personal data with?
We may share your personal data with trusted third parties such as the third party partners and trusted sub-contractors of the transport services and/or extras for the purpose of processing and managing your booking.
We may employ the services of a third party to help us in certain areas, such as website hosting. In some cases, the third party may receive your information. However, at all times, we will act as controllers and will be responsible for the use of your information.
We may use aggregated information for the purposes of tracking usage of the web site or app and in order to help us improve our website or app and for research and analysis purposes. We may pass this information to third parties. The aggregate information and statistics will not, however, include details that can be used to identify you.
We may use your information if we are under a legal duty to disclose this; or in order to enforce our website terms of use and any other agreement; and/or to protect the rights of Resorthoppa (UK) Limited.
We may transfer some of your information to countries outside of the EU including but not limited to the Republic of South Africa where our international head office is. Where this is the case, we have made sure that we have taken ICO compliant safeguards to ensure your data is protected in the same way it is in the EU.
5. How long will your information be held?
Your personal data we process shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes we obtained it for. We will generally retain your personal information for the statutory required time or as long as we have a lawful reason to, whichever is longer. For further information, please request a copy of our data retention policy.
6. What are your rights?
You have a right to access your personal information, to object to the processing of your personal information, to rectify, to erase, to restrict and to port your personal information. Please visit https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/lawful-basis-for-processing/ for further information in relation to your rights.
Please note if you wish to exercise your rights, to do this you can complete a SAR (subject access request) form, we will give this information to you free of charge and within 1 month. ** Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because they are repetitive, hoppa may charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information; or inform you why this is not possible**
Any requests or objections should be made in writing to the privacymanager@hoppa.com please do this by requesting and completing a Subject Access Request.
7. Links
Our website contains links to other web sites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from this site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.
8. Security & Cookies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of your hard disk so that the website can remember who you are/recognise your computer or device. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
hoppa.com may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of hoppa.com and to provide and improve our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
By using hoppa.com, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Site for advertising and personalisation. For more details, please refer to section 4 below.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
1. Necessary Cookies
Necessary Cookies are essential to the operation of our website, supporting functions such as logging in and payment transactions. These cookies can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
2. Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies collect information about how you use our website, for example how efficiently you are able to navigate. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how our website works.
3. Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies allow us to remember your saved preferences, such as your username, language or region, and tailor our website to provide enhanced features and content for you.
4. Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies gather information about your browsing habits and help us to make our website and advertising more relevant to your interests. They remember that you`ve visited our website and share this information with other organisations such as advertisers.
To accept cookies continue browsing as normal. Or go to our cookie tool for more information and preferences.
We have implemented reasonable technical and organisational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure.
9. Use of Web Beacons
Some of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which include a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign.
10. Third Party Advertising
We may use a third party to serve advertisements on our site. Cookies may be associated with these advertisements to enable the advertiser to track the number of anonymous users responding to the campaign. We do not have access to or control of cookies placed by third parties.
11. What now?
If you are not happy in the way hoppa has handled your request or you can make a complaint about the way hoppa are using your personal data you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; ICO https://ico.org.uk/concerns/