http://hopscotch.tv/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Hopscotch Media respects your privacy, and obides by the following Privacy Statement.
Under no circumstances will we ever misuse your personal information, rent or sell to any third party.
Hopscotch Media is committed to protecting your privacy. Please read the Hopscotch Media Online Privacy Statement below and also any supplemental information listed to the right for additional details about particular Hopscotch Media sites and services that you may use.
This Hopscotch Media Online Privacy Statement applies to data collected by Hopscotch Media through the majority of its websites and services, as well as its offline product support services. It does not apply to those Hopscotch Media sites, services and products that do not display or link to this statement or that have their own privacy statements.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
At some Hopscotch Media sites, we ask you to provide personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. We may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. If you choose to make a purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service, we will ask for additional information, such as your credit card number and billing address, that is used to create a Hopscotch Media billing account.
In order to access some Hopscotch Media services, you will be asked to sign in with an e-mail address and password, which we refer to as your credentials.  You can use the same credentials to sign in to many different Hopscotch Media sites and services, as well as those of select Hopscotch Media partners. By signing in on one Hopscotch Media site or service, you may be automatically signed into other Hopscotch Media sites and services.
We may collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with Hopscotch Media sites and services. We also deliver advertisements and provide website analytics tools on non-Hopscotch Media sites and services, and we may collect information about page views on these third party sites as well.
When you receive newsletters or promotional e-mail from Hopscotch Media, we may use web beacons (described below), customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the e-mail has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you more focused e-mail communications or other information.
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Hopscotch Media, information collected through one Hopscotch Media service may be combined with information obtained through other Hopscotch Media services. We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other companies. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area.
Use of Your Personal Information
Hopscotch Media collects and uses your personal information to operate and improve its sites and deliver the services or carry out the transactions you have requested. These uses may include providing you with more effective customer service; making the sites or services easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; performing research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and displaying content and advertising that are customized to your interests and preferences.
We also use your personal information to communicate with you. We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues or products, and security announcements. Some Hopscotch Media services, may send periodic member letters that are considered part of the service. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Hopscotch Media and its affiliates.
Personal information collected on Hopscotch Media sites and services may be stored and processed in Australia or any other country in which Hopscotch Media or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using a Hopscotch Media site or service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Hopscotch Media abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the Australian. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Sharing of Your Personal Information
Except as described in this statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of Hopscotch Media and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent. Some Hopscotch Media sites allow you to choose to share your personal information with select Hopscotch Media partners so that they can contact you about their products, services or offers. Other sites, do not share your contact information with third parties for marketing purposes, but instead may give you a choice as to whether you wish to receive communications from Hopscotch Media on behalf of external business partners about a partner's particular offering (without transferring your personal information to the third party). See the Communication Preferences section below for more information.
Some Hopscotch Media services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both Hopscotch Media and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
We may access and/or disclose your personal information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on Hopscotch Media; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hopscotch Media (including the enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hopscotch Media services or members of the public.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information online. In order to help prevent your personal information from being viewed by others, you will be required to sign in with your credentials (e-mail address and password). The appropriate method(s) for accessing your personal information will depend on which sites or services you have used.
Security of Your Personal Information
Hopscotch Media is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always choose to log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Use of Cookies or Web Beacons
Hopscotch Media websites use "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Hopscotch Media websites use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content and appropriate advertising on your later visits to these sites.
Remarketing
Hopscotch Media websites use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords and Facebook tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN) or Facebook. As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this statement. If there are material changes to this statement or in how Hopscotch Media will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Hopscotch Media is protecting your information.