https://hostmds.com/privacy/
Privacy PolicyWe take it very seriouslyHostMDS Hosting (www.HostMDS.com) Privacy Statement:
This statement has been created to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This document also discloses the information gathering practices for this website. If you have any questions about our policies please contact us.Privacy PolicyHostMDS will not search to sell, rent, lend, exchange or give your mail address, the Customer’s zip/postal code or your phone number at a third party without your explicit permission. The information provided by the Customer is protected and cannot be found by an outside person.HostMDS Collects and uses personal information only as reasonably necessary to provide contracted service and to collect fees owed and will not disclose such information to any third party except as required by law as evidenced by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction, to collection services if needed and/or fulfill your request. Your personal data includes information such as:NameContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode and addressOther data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you What Information We CollectWe may collect the following personal information:Registration/Ordering any of services – we collect personal information such as your name, address, email address, phone number and certain payment and billing information such as credit card number.Technical support requests – where you may provide your contact information and/or other technical problem you are facing while communicating with us through phone, email or chat.Subscribing to our newsletter or complete online contact form – for instance, we collect your name and email address.Social media and content customers provide through our website – we may use customer name, business name, and comments in marketing documents or as testimonials on Hoswebsitesb sites. At any time, the Customer can send a written notice to withdraw this authorization.A part from the above mentioned information; some other information such as your browsing behaviour information is collected anonymously (we wouldn’t know your identity) using Google Analytics, Google Ad Services. HostMDS may also collect information about user browsing data through the use of cookies. You can opt-out by visiting “Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on”.What we do with the collected informationHostMDS Collects and uses personal information only as reasonably necessary to provide contracted service and to collect fees owed.To provide, improve and enhance services we provide to you. HostMDS may use and share your personal information with 3rd party providers to fulfill your order. For example, your information might be provided to domain registrar and SSL certificate authority;To communicate with you about the services you subscribed to, response to email inquiries, marketing and/or promotional purposes consistent to any permission you may have communicated with us;To process payment, detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our system;Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests; How to access, modify or delete your informationYou can access, modify or delete your information by signing into your account and visit ‘Details” under “Account” Tab. Alternatively, if you would like to make any changes to your account you can contact us. How We Use CookiesHostMDS uses “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to place on your local computer to help use improve your access to our site and identify re-visiting users. Advertising cookies are used to present ads that are relevant to your interest. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Third party websiteOur site contains links to other websites. Please be aware HostMDS is not responsible for the privacy of such other sites.SecurityHostMDS uses strict measures to protect the loss, misuse, abuse, and alteration of files stored on our servers. HostMDS has security systems in place that monitor the integrity of files needed and used by the operating system. In the event of modification of any of the critical files, the server will be shut down and an administrator will be paged. We have detailed logs of events that occur on the server at all times.Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, HostMDS uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.Access Log FilesHostMDS maintains an individual access log for each website hosted. Log files are used by the administration team to determine how much bandwidth a customer is using per month as well as for generating statistics pages. Information is used for calculating purposes only and will not be given to third parties.IP AddressAn Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a number assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. HostMDS may record the IP addresses of visitors to its Website. While an IP address may reveal your ISP or geographic area, we cannot determine your identity solely based upon your IP address.Policy ChangesHostMDS reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time and will be placed here.Questions?If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy statement, or your own personal information, please contact us.About HostMDSA subsidiary of Cirrus Hosting Ltd, HostMDS is a leading provider of cost-effective and powerful shared hosting and VPS hosting services.Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Blog
ProductsUnlimited Shared HostingDedicated Server TorontoColocation in TorontoManaged VPS in TorontoContactSales & Billing: sales@hostmds.com
+1 (647) 794-1326Mon-Fri: 9am to 5pm ESTTechnical Support (24/7):
Click here
SocialOpen facebook page nowJoin our Facebook communityThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OK
Scroll to top