http://hostserver.com/docs/privacy_statement.asp
Hosting
Design
Services
Support
Customers
Order
Sidetrips Internet Services has created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Sidetrips.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server,
and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address)
and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
We use customer contact information
from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information
is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
This site contains links to other sites.
Sidetrips is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of such Web sites.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address).
The customer's contact
information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address).
We use
contact data from our contests to send users information about our company.
The customer's contact information
is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
Use Policy |
Terms of Service
Copyright © 1995- Sidetrips Inc.™ All rights reserved.
Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Sidetrips Inc.™ is prohibited.
sidetrips.com™, hostserver.com™, registera.com™, htmlshop.com™, and associated domains are trademarks of Sidetrips Inc.™