https://iapp.org/conference/iapp-privacy-security-risk/
language English (EN)
Français (FR) Español (ES) Deutsch (DE)
About the IAPP
Enterprise Services
Contact
MyIAPP
search
News
Connect
Train
Certify
Resources
Conferences
Join
Store
Store
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
Main Menuclose
search
close
Back to the Conferences Menutouch_app
Shopping Cart
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
English (EN)language
radio_button_checkedEnglish (EN)
radio_button_uncheckedFrançais (FR)
radio_button_uncheckedEspañol (ES)
radio_button_uncheckedDeutsch (DE)
Homehome
News
Connectgroup
Trainschool
Certify
Resourcesassessment
Conferencesevent
Joinperson_add
Storestore
MyIAPPperson_outline
About the IAPPinfo_outline
Enterprise Servicesdomain
Contactsend
Conferences Menuclose
search
close
Open the Main Menutouch_app
Shopping Cart
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
radio_button_unchecked All Conferences
radio_button_unchecked Europe Data Protection Congress Online 2020
radio_button_unchecked Privacy. Security. Risk. Online 2020
radio_button_unchecked Summit Sessions
radio_button_unchecked Data Protection Intensives
radio_button_unchecked Global Privacy Summit
radio_button_unchecked Canada Privacy Symposium
radio_button_unchecked Asia Privacy Forum
radio_button_unchecked ANZ Summit
radio_button_unchecked Europe Data Protection Congress
radio_button_unchecked Speak at an IAPP Event
radio_button_unchecked Sponsor an Event
radio_button_unchecked Save the Date
radio_button_unchecked Past Conferences
menu
shopping_cart
{[ getCartTotalItems() ]}
person_outline
Login
close
News Stream
Books
Videos
Web Conferences
Subscriptions
Advertise
About IAPP Publications
Daily Dashboard
The day’s top stories from around the world
Privacy Perspectives
Where the real conversations in privacy happen
The Privacy Advisor
Original reporting and feature articles on the latest privacy developments
Privacy Tracker
Alerts and legal analysis of legislative trends
Privacy Tech
Exploring the technology of privacy
Canada Dashboard Digest
A roundup of the top Canadian privacy news
Europe Data Protection Digest
A roundup of the top European data protection news
Asia-Pacific Dashboard Digest
A roundup of the top privacy news from the Asia-Pacific region
Latin America Dashboard Digest
A roundup of the top privacy news from Latin America
U.S. Privacy Digest
A roundup of US privacy news
Overview
KnowledgeNet Chapters
Sections
Affinity Groups
Volunteer
Annual Awards
Member Directory
Privacy List
Career Central
Find a KnowledgeNet Chapter Near You
Talk privacy and network with local members at IAPP KnowledgeNet Chapter meetings, taking place worldwide.
Join the Privacy List
Have ideas? Need advice? Subscribe to the Privacy List. It’s crowdsourcing, with an exceptional crowd.
IAPP Job Board
Looking for a new challenge, or need to hire your next privacy pro? The IAPP Job Board is the answer.
Member Directory
Locate and network with fellow privacy professionals using this peer-to-peer directory.
Overview
Online Training
Live Online Training
In-Person Training
Books
Sample Questions
Train Your Staff
Official Training Partners
Web Conferences
European Data Protection (CIPP/E)
Understand Europe’s framework of laws, regulations and policies, most significantly the GDPR.
U.S. Private-Sector Privacy (CIPP/US)
Steer a course through the interconnected web of federal and state laws governing U.S. data privacy.
Privacy Program Management (CIPM)
Develop the skills to design, build and operate a comprehensive data protection program.
Privacy in Technology (CIPT)
Add to your tech knowledge with deep training in privacy-enhancing technologies and how to deploy them.
CCPA Training
Gain the knowledge needed to address the widest-reaching consumer information privacy law in the U.S.
GDPR Training
Learn the legal, operational and compliance requirements of the EU regulation and its global influence.
Privacy Law Specialist Training (PLS)
Meet the stringent requirements to earn this American Bar Association-certified designation.
Overview
Certification Programs
Get Certified
How to Prepare
Continuing Privacy Education (CPE)
Fees
Certify Your Staff
Verify a Certification
CIPP Certification
The global standard for the go-to person for privacy laws, regulations and frameworks
CIPM Certification
The first and only privacy certification for professionals who manage day-to-day operations
CIPT Certification
As technology professionals take on greater privacy responsibilities, our updated certification is keeping pace with 50% new content covering the latest developments.
FIP Designation
Recognizing the advanced knowledge and issue-spotting skills a privacy pro must attain in today’s complex world of data privacy.
Privacy Law Specialist
The first title to verify you meet stringent requirements for knowledge, skill, proficiency and ethics in privacy law, and one of the ABA’s newest accredited specialties.
CIPP/E + CIPM = GDPR Ready
The IAPP’S CIPP/E and CIPM are the ANSI/ISO-accredited, industry-recognized combination for GDPR readiness. Learn more today.
Certification CDPO
Certification des compétences du DPO fondée sur la législation et règlementation française et européenne, agréée par la CNIL.
Tools
Research
Glossary
DPAs
FTC Casebook
Enforcement Database
IAPP Westin Research Center
Jobs
Privacy Vendor Marketplace
Privacy Vendor Marketplace
Use the Vendor Demo Center, Privacy Vendor List and Privacy Tech Vendor Report to easily identify privacy products and services to support your work.
COVID-19 Resources
Access a collection of privacy news, resources, guidance and tools covering the COVID-19 global outbreak.
CCPA Genius
This tool maps requirements in the law to specific provisions, the proposed regulations, expert analysis and guidance regarding compliance, the ballot initiative, and more.
GDPR Genius
This interactive tool provides IAPP members access to critical GDPR resources — all in one location.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Looking for the latest resources, tools and guidance on the California Consumer Privacy Act? IAPP members can get up-to-date information right here.
EU General Data Protection Regulation
The IAPP's EU General Data Protection Regulation page collects the guidance, analysis, tools and resources you need to make sure you're meeting your obligations.
White Papers
Access all white papers published by the IAPP.
IAPP Research: Reports
Access all reports published by the IAPP.
IAPP Research: Surveys
Access all surveys published by the IAPP.
Schrems II FAQ & Resources
This FAQs page addresses topics such as the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield agreement, standard contractual clauses and binding corporate rules.
Europe Data Protection Congress Online 2020
Create your own customised programme of European data protection presentations from the rich menu of online content.
Privacy. Security. Risk. Online 2020
Explore the privacy/technology convergence by selecting live and on-demand sessions from this new web series. Customize your own learning and neworking program!
Summit Sessions
Free to members. Get on-demand access to privacy experts through an ongoing series of 70+ newly recorded sessions. Cutting-edge IAPP event content, worth 20 CPE credits.
Data Protection Intensives
Choose from four DPI events near you each year for in-depth looks at practical and operational aspects of data
protection.
Global Privacy Summit
The world’s top privacy conference. Whether you work in the public or private sector, anywhere in the world, the Summit is your can't-miss event.
Canada Privacy Symposium
Find answers to your privacy questions from keynote speakers and panellists who are experts in Canadian data protection.
Asia Privacy Forum
World-class discussion and education on the top privacy issues in Asia Pacific and around the globe.
ANZ Summit
Delivering world-class discussion and education on the top privacy issues in Australia, New Zealand and around the globe.
Europe Data Protection Congress
The hub of European privacy policy debate, thought leadership and strategic thinking with data protection professionals.
Speak at an IAPP Event
View our open calls and submission instructions.
Individual Membership
Corporate Membership
Group Membership
Student Membership
Become a Member
Start taking advantage of the many IAPP member benefits today
Corporate Members
See our list of high-profile corporate members—and find out why you should become one, too
Renew Your Membership
Don’t miss out for a minute—continue accessing your benefits
ANZ Members
Review current member benefits available to Australia and New Zealand members
{[ product.name ]}
clear
mode_editEdit
remove_circle_outline
{[ getCartItemQuantity(product.id) ]}
add_circle_outline
{[ product.price | currencyFilter ]}
TOTAL: {[ getCartTotalCost() | currencyFilter ]}
Update cart for total
shopping_basket
Checkout
autorenew
UPDATE CART
The IAPP Privacy. Security. Risk. 2020 Has Been CanceledDue to COVID-19, the IAPP canceled P.S.R. 2020. See the FAQs below.
An Online AlternativeYou can still get the high-quality content you expect from IAPP events through our online and live online format with P.S.R. Online — free to IAPP members.
Merging Privacy and Technology. Uniting Professionals.
Experience the Hub of Privacy and Security Collaboration
P.S.R. is where the privacy and infosecurity worlds intersect to form a powerful think tank experience between thought leaders and those in the industry looking to expand their network and better incorporate responsible privacy and data management practices into their business operations. Expert-led sessions probe technological developments and equip professionals with a fresh, privacy-engineering aptitude that they can immediately impress upon their organization.
IAPP Privacy. Security. Risk. 2021
Training October 19-20 Workshops October 20 Conference October 21-22 San Diego
Subscribe to the Buzz Weekly email alerts
Keynote Speakers to Expand Your Perspective
Hear from regulators, thought leaders and practitioners who will help you expand your skillset and preparedness in managing privacy and data challenges. Our speakers will elevate your way of thinking when preparing for the future.
Sessions Span Privacy, Security and Technology
Privacy in technology.
Privacy program management.
U.S. private-sector privacy.
Cybersecurity.
Privacy breach preparedness.
Privacy impact assessments.
Global privacy program development.
Mobile location analytics.
Vendor risk management.
Data protection evolution.
Dark web risks.
Big data and artificial intelligence.
The age of digital medicine.
Incorporating privacy in business strategies and operations.
Data source screening.
Genetics and privacy.
Privacy and data ethics.
Data use strategy.
Geolocation and privacy.
Immerse Yourself in Hands-On Educational Settings
Preceding the main conference dates, engage in hands-on, practical workshops; specialized professional forums; and training courses that target the challenges facing your organization.
Newfound Partnerships and Valuable Connections
All the IAPP events aim to encourage productive collaborations and conversations. P.S.R. has become well-known for its diversified content as well as offering varied opportunities to forge connections with industry peers. You will find yours at a variety of events-within-the-event.
Welcome Reception.
Connection Reception.
5-Minute Mixer.
Industry Meet-Ups.
Happy Hour Gatherings.
Privacy Solution Showcase.
First-Time Attendee Meet-Up.
Peer-to-Peer Roundtables.
Mentor Mingle.
The Meet-Up Lounge.
Photo Gallery — Past P.S.R.
Want to know more? Let us keep you informed:
I would like to receive the brochure
Include me in the Buzz Weekly email alerts
Interested in sponsoring or exhibiting?Find out about available sponsorship and exhibiting opportunities for future events. Contact our Sales team at sponsorships@iapp.org.
IAPP Privacy. Security. Risk. 2020Cancellation FAQs
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, on July 22 the IAPP decided to cancel the IAPP Privacy. Security. Risk. 2020. Below are the FAQs.
Am I getting a refund?The IAPP will be in touch with attendees via email the week of July 20 to review all your credit options. For immediate questions, please contact us here.
Can I transfer my credit to another person?Due to the complexity of this situation, the IAPP is working as quickly as possible on all the elements required to cancel an event. We will communicate more as soon as possible.
I was going to earn continuing privacy education credits (CPEs) at the event. How else can I earn them?You can view CPE opportunities here.
Will the IAPP cover other costs incurred in booking travel to and accommodation for the conference?The IAPP is not able to accommodate financial losses due to this cancellation. We encourage you to contact your travel provider and hotel.
Can webinars or virtual sessions be created in place of the conference?Yes! Check out the brand-new IAPP Summit Sessions on-demand web conference library. This new collection will feature 70+ sessions curated from this year’s program — and it’s available at no charge to IAPP members. Access it now.
I was registered for training only. When and where can I train now?You can transfer your training registration to any upcoming trainings delivered by the IAPP, including live in-person, live online or self-paced online formats. Alternatively, you can schedule a training with one of our Official Training Partners, and we will help you with that transaction. Please contact us here for further information. You can also visit https://iapp.org/store/trainings/.
I was exhibiting at the event. Will I receive a refund?Your exhibit fees have been refunded as a credit to your IAPP organization account. Your IAPP representative will be in touch to discuss ways to still reach the privacy community, including some exciting new virtual offerings as well as other options.
I was a sponsor for the event. Will I receive a refund?Your sponsorship fees have been refunded as a credit to your IAPP organization account. Your IAPP representative will be in touch to discuss ways to still reach the privacy community, including some exciting new virtual offerings as well as other options.
Will any of the event content be incorporated into future events?The IAPP’s primary focus is delivering high-quality and timely programming. It is our hope that we will utilize this content in future conferences or events, including virtual content offerings.
Are events like the Privacy Engineering Section Forum canceled?Yes. All IAPP events scheduled from Tuesday, September 29 through Friday, October 2 were canceled.
Do I need to cancel my hotel room?Due to the cancellation of the event, all reservations within the JW Marriott Austin, Austin Marriott Downtown and Aloft Austin Downtown IAPP hotel room block have been canceled. If you wish to keep your travel plans, please re-book directly with the hotel. If you booked outside of the room block, you will need to cancel your reservation.
Is there any documentation I can give my boss to show that the event was officially canceled?Please reach out to IAPP External Affairs Director Lindsay Hinkle at lhinkle@iapp.org to receive documentation via email. As an alternative, feel free to use this FAQ webpage as documentation.
I still have questions. Who can I contact?Please contact us here.
Other Conferences
IAPP ANZ Summit
The IAPP ANZ Summit 2020 Has Been CancelledDue to COVID-19, the IAPP has cancelled the IAPP ANZ Summit 2020. FAQs are available here.
Delivering world-class discussion and education on the top privacy issues in Australia, New Zealand and around the globe. Summit is your opportunity to network, get insights from, and exchange operational best practices with other ANZ privacy leaders.
IAPP Data Protection Intensive: UK
Famous for focusing on practical responses to operational challenges, the Intensive provides knowledge, tactics and methods you can put to work straight away. Programming combines a UK perspective with a global outlook for a comprehensive view of privacy and data protection issues.
IAPP Global Privacy Summit
The world’s premier privacy and data protection conference focuses on international topics, policy and strategy. Recognized as a leading forum for discussion, the Summit features expert speakers and top regulators, and delivers unmatched education and networking opportunities.