http://ibm1130.org/aboutus/privacy
Home
hardware
software
related systems
1130 simulation
1130s today
Library
About Us
party
About Us Home
feedback
mailing lists
privacy policy
store
Privacy Policy
Here's the bottom line: we (Norm Aleks and Brian Knittel) run this
web site as a hobbyist enterprise, to make information available about
an old computer system we like and to try to build a little community
around it.
We are not out to make money, and we take your privacy as
seriously as we take our own.
Therefore, we collect information about
you and our other visitors only to let us understand you better and to
help improve the site.
The text below is modified from a sample privacy policy at
TrustE.
Information Ownership
Brian Knittel and Norm Aleks ("We") are the owners of the information
collected on IBM1130.org.
Information Collection
We currently collect information through the guestbook, through
standard web server logs, and through Google's Google
Analytics tool.
Information Use
We use our log data and the Google Analytics information to get an
idea of how people find this site, how they maneuver through it, and
which pages are popular.
We also try to figure out whether the
AdWords ads we run are having the effect we desire.
We use the guest book information to collect feedback about the site,
get in touch with other people who are interested in the 1130 and
related systems, and, at individuals' options, to add them to mailing
lists we set up.
We use double-opt-in for all mailing list
subscription requests (i.e. after you request to be subscribed, a
confirmation mailing goes out which you have to reply to again before
the subscription occurs.)
Log Files
As most Web sites do, we record log files.
The information we log
includes your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type,
referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of
clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements
in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use.
IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
People who sign our guest book will probably get an answering e-mail
from us.
If they choose to be added to our mailing list, we'll send
infrequent updates of what's happening with the site.
Subscription to
the list is a double-opt-in process, as described above.
Sharing Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to
disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a
good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a
current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on
our Web site.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we
are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We
encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects
personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies
solely to information collected by this Web site.
Chat Rooms, Message Boards, and Public Forums
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal
information online - for example on message boards, through e-mail, or
in chat areas - that information can be collected and used by
others. In short, by posting personal information online that is
publicly accessible, you may receive unsolicited messages from other
parties in return.
Security
The information we collect from you probably has little monetary
value, but we protect it as well as we can.
It is, however, kept on a
computer that is attached to the Internet, so it could be stolen.
If
we find out that this happens, we will do our best to inform everyone
affected.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
to this privacy statement, to the homepage, and to other places we
deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time of
collection we will notify users via e-mail with enough lead time so
that those who want to opt out of the new use can do so.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy,
please contact us at:
Norm Aleks
958 Carolina St.
San Francisco, CA  94107
USA
Phone +1 415 938 6676
norm "at" IBM1130.org
Brian Knittel
4944 Scotia Ave.
Oakland, CA  94605
USA
Phone +1 510 559 7930
brian "at" IBM1130.org
Privacy policy ·
About IBM1130.org
·
E-mail us ·
Join or leave our mailing list