http://ibmsystemsmag.com/privacypolicy/
Skip to main content
IBM Systems Media Privacy Policy
This statement is effective as of May 2018.
Your privacy and the trust you place in us to protect it is of paramount importance to IBM Systems Media. This Statement discloses the information practices for IBM Systems Media. We define what type of information about our Websites’ users is gathered and tracked, and how the information is used, shared or otherwise processed. It also describes how cookies, pixel tags and other technologies may be used on our sites. We also describe how data shared by you for the purpose of a more personalized experience, or for information relevant to you, can be controlled, modified, or removed permanently by request.
1.    Introduction
1.1    We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors, email subscribers and webinar registrants.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors, email subscribers and webinar registrants; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data. We are in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) https://gdpr.eu/
"Personal data" is defined in Article 4(1) of the GDPR:
"(1) 'personal data' means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person".
IBM Systems Media does not collect factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
1.3    We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website, clear your cookies, or if after 12 months from acceptance.
1.4    Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the dissemination of your information. Please see sections 13 through 16 in this document on cookies. Section 16 offers information and links to adjust your browser’s acceptance of cookies.
1.5    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to IBM Systems Media. For more information about us, see Section 17 of this document.
2.    How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and our email and webinar services ("usage data"). The usage data from our website may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the website usage data may be Google Analytics, Watson Campaign Automation, Google Ads, Disqus, AddThis, and Simplifi. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website. The legal basis for this processing is your consent and our legitimate interests, including monitoring and improving our website.
2.3    We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name, email, job title, company, address, city, state, zip code, country, business industry, job function, IBM systems platforms, purchase involvement, company revenue, and number of employees. The source of the account data is from you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is your consent, our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business, or information shared with our webinar marketing partners.
2.4    We may process information that you post for publication (article commenting) on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
2.5    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.6    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your consent, at your request, to receive these email notifications and/or newsletters.
2.7    We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.8    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.9    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.10  In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.11  Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3.    Automated decision-making
3.1   We will use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making in relation to delivering dynamic content in your email that reflects your stated preferences.
3.2    This automated decision-making will involve category or topic segmentation based on your stated preferences for email.
3.3    The significance and possible consequences of this automated decision-making are delivery of articles and/or information targeted to your specified interests.
4.   Providing your personal data to others
4.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
4.2    We may disclose your personal data collected for print, digital and email subscriptions to our suppliers insofar as reasonably necessary for processing your request to receive such information or to be included in any required messaging. Our subscription fulfillment partner is Acoustic Campaign.  For more information, see link below.
Acoustic Campaign
4.4    We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you access to or a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party's use of your personal data.
4.5    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
5.    International transfers of your personal data
5.1    In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
5.2    We have offices and facilities only in the United States. We do not perform data transfers to any other country. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which can be obtained from https://gdpr.eu/
5.3    The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United States. We do not perform data transfers to any other country. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission, a copy of which you can obtain from https://gdpr.eu/
5.4    You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
6.     Retaining and deleting personal data
6.1    This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
6.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
6.3    We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)    Your personal data will be retained by us unless you request to have it permanently removed. You can make changes to your personal data on your email preference page at any time. If you prefer to be permanently removed from our database please see Section 17.
(b)    Data collection from cookies is as follows:
Session cookies are stored in memory and never written to disk. When the browser closes the cookie is permanently lost from that point on. If the cookie contains an expiration date, it is considered a persistent cookie. On the date specified in the expiration, the cookie will be removed from the disk. See Section 16 on management of cookies.
6.4    In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a)    Your personal data will be retained by us unless you request to have it permanently removed. You can make changes to your personal data on your email preference page at any time. If you prefer to be permanently removed from our database please see Section 17.
(b)    Data collection from cookies is as follows:
Session cookies are stored in memory and never written to disk. When the browser closes the cookie is permanently lost from that point on. If the cookie contains an expiration date, it is considered a persistent cookie. On the date specified in the expiration, the cookie will be removed from the disk. See Section 16 on management of cookies.
6.5    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7.    Amendments
7.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
7.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
7.3    We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the a public announcement on this website.
8.    Your rights
8.1    In this Section 8, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
8.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
8.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data.
8.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
8.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. If you wish to be erased from our database, you may request this by email at privacy@ibmsystemsmag.com or mail us at:
Data Center
IBM Systems Media
220 South Sixth Street, Suite 500
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402 USA
Please include your full name, email used to send our newsletters to you, company, country and let us know if you wish your data erased from print and/or digital products. If necessary to confirm your identity for erasure, we will respond with a request for more detail.
8.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
8.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
8.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
8.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
8.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)    consent; or
(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
8.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
8.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
8.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us and by the other methods specified in Section 8.5
9.    Third party websites
9.1    Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
9.2    We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
10.  Personal data of children
10.1  Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), this site is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13. In order to protect them, children are not permitted to provide any personal information; purchase subscriptions; or use our public discussion areas, forums, and chats without the permission of their parents or legal guardians. We urge you to encourage your children not to use our site.
10.2  If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
11.  Updating information
11.1  Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
12.  Acting as a data processor
12.1  In respect to Simpl.fi https://www.simpli.fi/ a programmatic advertising service, and Disqus https://disqus.com we do not act as a data controller; instead, we act as a data processor.
12.2  Insofar as we act as a data processor rather than a data controller, this policy shall not apply. Our legal obligations as a data processor are instead set out in the contract between us and the relevant data controller.
13.  About cookies
13.1  A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
13.2  Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiration date, unless deleted by the user before the expiration date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
13.3  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
14.  Cookies that we use
14.1  We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)    authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website cookies used for this purpose are:persistent
(b)    advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you; cookies used for this purpose are: persistent
(c)    analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services cookies used for this purpose are:session-based and persistent
(d)    cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally cookies used for this purpose are: persistent
15.  Cookies used by our service providers
15.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
15.2  We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. The relevant cookies are: session based and persistent cookies.
16.  Managing cookies
16.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    Chrome
(b)    Firefox
(c)    Opera
(d)    Internet Explorer
(e)    Safari
(f)    Edge
16.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
16.3  If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
17.    Our details
17.1  This website is owned and operated by Key Enterprises LLC dba MSP Communications.
17.2  We are registered in the United States and our office is located at 220 South Sixth Street, Suite 500, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402 USA.
17.3  Our principal place of business is located at 220 South Sixth Street, Suite 500, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402 USA.
17.4  You can contact us:
(a)    at the postal address given above;
(b)    Contact Us page: http://ibmsystemsmag.com/contactus/
(c)    by email, using any of the email addresses published on our website Contact Us page: http://ibmsystemsmag.com/contactus/
18.    Representative within the European Union
18.1  We do not have a representative within the European Union with respect to our obligations under data protection law but you can always contact us by accessing our Contact Us page: http://ibmsystemsmag.com/contactus/
19.    Data protection representative
19.1  Our data protection representative’s contact details are: privacy@ibmsystemsmag.com
Delivering the latest technical information to your inbox.
SUBSCRIBE