https://ibweb.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Database Design
Portfolio
SEO
Web Design News
WordPress Support
Contact Us
Go to ...
Go to ...
Home
Web Design
Web Hosting
Search Engine Ranking
SEO eCommerce
SEO Shopping Cart
Contact Us
Main MenuHome
About Us
Web Site Design
SEO CMS Website
SEO Blog
Web Hosting
SEO eCommerce
Database Hosting
Database Application Design
Database Demos
SEO Shopping Cart
Search Engine Ranking
Real Estate Website Design
Rental Reservation Booking Calendar
Affiliate Store
Free Website
Website Evaluation
Portfolio
SiteMap
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Recent Posts
26October
Use DuckDuckGo Instead of Google
Google Tracks You – DuckDuckGo DOES NOT
You share your most intimate secrets with your search engine without even th...
17October
Zoom is Deceptive Insecure Garbage, Don't Use It, Seriously!
In this video I cover reasons not to use zoom (deception, security vulnerabilities, shady practices, false promises)
...
26May
Secure, Fast and Private Web Browser with Adblocker - Brave Browser
Experience unparalleled privacy and security.
Brave fights malware and prevents tracking, keeping your information s...
10April
WordPress Security
The WordPress Security Team is made up of approximately 50 experts including lead developers and security researchers —...
8February
Proposal for BBBOOM Productions
February 8, 2019
Dear
Jalmar:
You found us, ranking number one for the search term “Taos Web Design”, in a sear...
Categories
Database Design
News
Tech Support
Web Design
Website Design
WordPress Security
WordPress Video
Archives
October 2020
May 2020
April 2020
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
June 2010
September 2009
June 2009
January 2006
December 2005
November 2005
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://ibweb.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We do not share any personal data with anyone.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We do not share any personal data with anyone.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
We do not share any personal data with anyone.
Additional information
How we protect your data
We include technical measures such as encryption; security measures such as two factor authentication; and measures such as staff training in data protection.
ImageBuilders Website Design
TagsBrave
design
ecommerce
hosting
malware
Privacy
Search Engine Ranking
Security
SEO
SEO Content Management
SEO Shopping Cart
shopping cart
Support
Web Browser
Web Design
website
Website Traffic
WordPress
zoom
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Oct
Copyright © 2020
ImageBuilders Web Application Design - Web Application and Database Design