https://icitbi.com/privacy-policy/
Request a Demo
01565 831900
Home
About
Solutions
Workday Adaptive Planning
IBM Planning Analytics
Oracle PBCS
IFRS16 Solution
Corporate Performance Management (CPM) Solutions
Services
Consultancy
Support
Training: IBM Planning Analytics (TM1)
Software Selection
Events
Blog
Resources
Case Studies
Data Sheets
eBooks & White Papers
Videos
Workday Adaptive Planning Videos
Contact
GDPR Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ICIt Business Intelligence is committed to preserving the privacy of the users of this website. We will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to other companies. We will use the information that you provide to us to deal with your inquiries. If you have questions about our policy, please contact us.
Your personal identification information is collected whenever you submit this information to the site. Information we will collect from you includes (but is not limited to) your contact details, such as name, address, country and postcode and email address. This information is used for marketing purposes and to track and confirm compliance with applicable laws (such as data protection), agreements, and policies.
This information may be shared with third parties, such as our sister companies, and promotion partners and consultants for marketing purposes only. We are also in some circumstances obliged by law to disclose information to third parties such as governmental agencies for law enforcement and compliance purposes. It may on occasion be appropriate to release this information to identify, contact or bring legal action against a person who may be causing injury or interference with another person’s rights or property. You have the right to request us to amend any inaccuracies in the information provided by you by contacting the appropriate person indicated on the site.
This website, like most major websites, uses cookies and may use other means of automated information collection. Cookies are stored on your hard drive and contain information about you which you have placed on our site. These cookies enable you to gain access to the website again without re-entering your information. The cookies also help us to monitor the site to enable us to improve it, upgrade it and understand how people are using the site.
By providing us with your personal information, you are agreeing to us contacting you via email, telephone or other means in relation to the site and our products. The site uses reasonable security procedures to maintain the confidentiality of the information you provide. However, as the Internet is an open public facility, no security measures are guaranteed. This privacy policy does not create any legal or contractual right on your behalf.
For any other questions please contact us.
Go Top
Find & follow us on