https://ics-iq.com/terms-conditions/
Loading... Please wait...
Gift Certificates
My Account
Sign in or Create an account
Currency Displayed in
Wish Lists
View Cart (0)
Toggle Top Menu
Search
Search
Main Navigation
Home
Pages
Home
ICS-JMR View Cart
In the News
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Blog
Downloads
About Us
HomeTerms & Conditions
Categories
All Download Products
Forensic Acquisition
Hand Held Field Units
Forensic Lab - Network Uploaders
Low Cost Forensic Data Acquisition
Portable Investigation Stations
Forensic Analysis Tools
Media Master Accessories
Solo 5 Accessories
IT Data Duplication
Hand Held Duplicators
Industrial Duplicators
Low Cost Duplicators
Medium Size Duplicators
4000 Pro
4000 Pro X2
Hardware Options
Other Hardware Options
PCIe Expansion
Spare
PCIe Expansion Options
Storage Solutions and Options
Software Options
IM 4000IDE and WipeMASSter
IQCopy for Forensic
New Gen units
Utilities
Adapters
CF Adapters
eSATA Adapters
Fiber Channel Adapters
IDE Adapters
Micro SATA Adapters
Notebook Adapters
Compaq
Dell
Gateway
IBM
NEC
Toshiba
PCMCIA Adapters
SAS Adapters
SATA Adapters
SCSI Adapters
USB 3.0 Adapters
ZIF Adapters
Drive Bays & Hard Cases
Drive Caddies
Drive Coolers & Drive Bay
Hard Cases
Warranties
IM 3000SCSI
IM 4000IDE/WM/PRO/WipePRO
IM Solo-4
Others
Rapid Image
RoadMASSter-3
Cables
eSATA Cables
Fiber Channel Cables
FireWire Cables
IDE Cables
PCIE Cables
Power Cables
SAS Cables
SATA Cables
SCSI Cables
USB cables
Controller Cards
Data Encryption
Data Sanitization
Kits
Power Supplies & Adp
Write Protection
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of ICS-JMR. The collective work includes works that are licensed to ICS-JMR. Copyright 2003, ICS-JMR ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with ICS-JMR or purchasing ICS-JMR products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with ICS-JMR or to purchase ICS-JMR products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by ICS-JMR. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of ICS-JMR used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of ICS-JMRWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ICS-JMR disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. ICS-JMR does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. ICS-JMR does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityICS-JMR shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if ICS-JMR has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a ICS-JMR product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, ICS-JMR reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. ICS-JMR reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, ICS-JMR shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by ICS-JMR without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeICS-JMR may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to ICS-JMR.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of ICS-JMR products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of ICS-JMR products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. ICS-JMR's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. ICS-JMR may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a ICS-JMR or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerICS-JMR does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, ICS-JMR is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, ICS-JMR reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to ICS-JMR in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ICS-JMR, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, ICS-JMR may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with ICS-JMR, ICS-JMR has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of ICS-JMR. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, ICS-JMR seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Quick Links
Home
About Us
Testimonials
ICS-JMR Offices and Distributors Worldwide
ICS-JMR Partners
USA Sales
Glossary
Terms Privacy
Contact Us
Blog
What's New
Wipe Out Storage Devices part 1
Hard Drive Wipeout technology – white paperRev 2.0A wipeout (or the erasure …
What you should look for when purchasing a Forensic Data Acquisition Device
What you should look for when purchasing a Forensic Data Acquisition …
What you should look for when purchasing a Drive Sanitizing Tool
What you should look for when purchasing a Drive Sanitizing …
newsletter
Name
Email
Copyright 2020 ICS-JMR. All Rights Reserved.  Sitemap |
Bigcommerce Premium Themes by PSDCenter
All prices are in USD.
Close
Close
Selected For Comparision
Compare Now