https://id.kickfire.com/privacy-policy
Solutions
KickFire for Google®
KickFire for Adobe®
LIVE Leads™
KickFire SPARK™
API
Partners
Technology
TWIN Caching
Integrations
Resources
Developers
Blog
Case Studies
Customer Reviews
News & Updates
Pricing
Contact
Contact Us
Meet the Team
Join the Team
LET'S TALK
Log in
Choose your login portal
Log in
Log in
Partner Login
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the VisiStat, Inc., doing business as KickFire ("KickFire") Privacy Policy, effective as of January 1, 2020. By accessing any and all pages on this website and all affiliated websites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We respect your privacy and take it seriously. So please read this Privacy Policy carefully. It describes your rights of disclosure, consent, opt-out and other important rights.
Your use of this website means that you consent to KickFire's collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from you. This Privacy Policy is governed by this website's Terms of Use, including limitation of KickFire's liability to you, so please review them as well. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or KickFire's Terms of Use, you may not use this website.
KickFire may, from time to time, change this Privacy Policy
so we also ask that you occasionally review it and always review it before providing new personal information as defined below.
Each of these changes will take effect 30 days from the date on which it is first published on this website.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU:
We collect your personal information ("PI") on this website only: (i) if you voluntarily share it with us through our contact form available at https://www.kickfire.com/contact-us and (ii) in the form of your internet protocol address which is delivered to us as a functional necessity of your accessing this website. PI also includes other information subject to and as defined under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). This may include online identifiers provided by their devices, applications, tools and protocols. The PI described above is the only personal information we receive from you through your use of this website.
WHAT WE DO WITH PI:
For PI supplied to us through the contact form available at https://www.kickfire.com/contact-us, we may use it in conjunction with the reasons you sent it to us, for KickFire’s marketing and sales and we may use, copy, retain and disclose it for other lawful purposes, including improving our website and services, sharing it with our affiliates, associates and partners such as advertisers, linked sites and independent contractors.
For PI supplied to us in the form of your internet protocol address, we may use it for purposes of enabling your access to our website, operating, measuring and improving our website and services, to facilitate safety and security and for purposes of enabling cookies to the extent stated in our Cookie Policy below. Each type of cookie subject to that policy may have different applicable terms and conditions, all of which will be linked to or otherwise covered.
For all PI, we will not ever sell or resell it unless in aggregate, deidentified or similar form that does not identify you as an individual, consumer or household.
In addition to other rights described in this Privacy Policy, for California residents, individuals, consumers and households and also for residents of other jurisdictions where any or all of the following rights are required by law: You may request that we: (1) disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of PI
that we want to collect (which collection you may opt out of) and have collected from you; (2) disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of PI
that we want to collect or have collected from you for a business purpose;
(3) disclose to you the categories of sources from which that PI was collected; (4) disclose to you the business or commercial purpose for collecting that PI as well as the categories of PI disclosed for that commercial purpose; (5) disclose to you the categories of third parties with whom we share that PI;
(6) delete all PI we have collected from you.
For all PI, we will not ever sell or resell it unless in aggregate, deidentified or similar form that does not identify you as an individual, consumer or household. To make any of the above requests please contact us at support@kickfire.com, by calling us at (800) 408-9311 or by or by writing to us at: Privacy Officer, KickFire, 2290 North 1st Street, Suite 102, San Jose, CA 95131. We reserve the right to require authentication of your identity that is reasonable in light of the nature of the PI-related request(s) made. You do not need to establish an account or other relationship with us to provide that authentication.
Our lawful use, copying, retention and disclosure of any information or data that is not PI, whether under the California Consumer Privacy Act, GDPR (as defined below) or otherwise, is not restricted or affected by this Privacy Policy.
Erasure of PI:
You may request erasure of your PI to the extent required under law, including without limitation Article 17 (1) of the GDPR. If you wish to do so, please contact us at support@kickfire.com.
Information for EU and Swiss Residents
In addition to other rights described in this Privacy Policy, below are your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) KickFire's principal place of business is in the United States. By accessing our website, you expressly consent to your information being processed in the United States.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. KickFire aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your personal information as defined in the GDPR ("GDPR PI").
If you wish to be informed about what GDPR PI we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your PI directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where KickFire relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
You can make a request to exercise any of these rights by emailing us at support@kickfire.com or by writing to us at:
Privacy Officer
KickFire
2290 North 1st Street, Suite 102, San Jose, CA 95131
KickFire Cookie Policy and Related Information
The KickFire website uses a standard technology called a "cookie".
Cookies are small data files and similar technologies that are transferred to your computer when you use our website.
They automatically identify your browser whenever you interact with our website. We use cookies to improve your experience as a user of our website, to track anonymous site usage, as well as the purposes identified or referenced below.
Here are the cookies we use:
Analytics/Performance Cookies. KickFire uses Google Analytics to help us analyze the performance of our website
and how visitors use it.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, visit www.google.com/policies.
To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. This will allow you to download and install a Google Analytics cookie-free web browser.
Managing and Deleting Cookies
If you want to change how your browser uses cookies, including blocking or deleting cookies from the KickFire website,
it’s easy.
Just change the settings in your web browser. Most browsers let you accept or reject all cookies, only accept certain kinds of cookies, or let you know every time a site wants to install a cookie. It's also easy to delete cookies that are already saved on your device by a browser. The processes for controlling and deleting cookies vary depending on the browser you use. Use your browser's "Help" function or visit http://www.aboutcookies.org which will tell you how to control and delete cookies in most browsers.
Solutions
KickFire for Google®
KickFire for Adobe®
KickFire for Analytics
LIVE Leads™
Premium APIs
Free APIs
Prospector
MyAPI™
Partners
Technology
TWIN Caching
Integrations
GDPR
CCPA
Resources
Developers
Blog
Case Studies
Customer Reviews
Videos
News & Updates
Topics
IPv6
Google's Deprecation
Contact
Contact Us
Pricing
Meet the Team
Join the Team
Partner Login
© 2005-2020 KickFire.  All rights reserved.  Privacy Policy. Terms of Use.