http://idpnet.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Please note that the practices of IDP Incorporated, its affiliates, and agents (“IDP”), with respect to data collected and used by IDP in connection with this website and all other idpnet.com websites of IDP Incorporated and its affiliates with links to this policy (collectively, the “Site”) and IDP products and services available or enabled via the Site (“Products and Services”), are governed by this online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) as amended from time to time, and not the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Products and Services enabled by the Site and follow the procedure described in the section entitled “Updating your personal information and privacy preferences”. This Privacy Policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities, websites other than the Site, or Products and Services not available or enabled via the Site, except as expressly set forth in the section entitled “Data not collected on this Site.” Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any terms of the Privacy Policy conflict with the terms of an existing written (including electronic) agreement between you and IDP regarding the use of specific areas of the Site or specific Products and Services (including Product- and Service-specific licenses, terms of use, or privacy disclosures) (collectively, “Product Agreements”), the terms of the Product Agreements shall govern.
Changes in Privacy Policy
All personal information (“personal information” is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. IDP may change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of changes in the Privacy Policy and on the home page of IDP.com. If as the result of such changes you want to alter the ways in which IDP is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described in the section entitled “Updating your personal information and privacy preferences.” You will be deemed to have been made aware of, and will be subject to, the changes to the Privacy Policy after such notice has been posted with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to IDP you limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by IDP or by third parties, IDP will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if IDP sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or IDP (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that IDP may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity without obtaining your further consent, but IDP will provide notice of such asset sales, acquisitions, or mergers on this Site.
Entities collecting personal information
Personal information on this Site is collected on behalf of IDP by IDP Incorporated, who is responsible for this site. IDP Incorporated’s address is 8101 Washington Lane, Wyncote, PA 19095 USA, and its telephone number is 215-885-2150.
The Site contains links to other sites at which personal information is collected. In such instances, unless expressly provided to the contrary, the collection and use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. That privacy policy should identify the entity that is collecting your personal information.
Collection of personal information
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information. In connection with other activities, such as utilizing online or hosted Products and Services, IDP may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting a form. It is optional for you to engage in these activities. If you elect to engage in these activities, however, IDP may ask that you provide personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including ZIP code), country of residence, e-mail address, employer, job title and department, telephone and facsimile numbers, and other personal information.
When you use the Site and the Products and Services, IDP may also collect certain information about your computer to facilitate and evaluate your use of the Site and the Products and Services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, referring or exit webpages, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer. IDP also uses such information to measure traffic patterns on the Site and usage of the Products and Services. We do not match such information with any other information held by IDP unless we have your consent.
By using this Site and the Products and Services, you agree and acknowledge that personal information collected through the Site or in connection with the Products and Services may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed in any of the countries around the world in which IDP maintains offices, including the United States. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by trusted third parties. Such third parties are bound by contract with IDP not to use your personal information for their own purposes or provide it to any third parties. One instance where this could occur is in conjunction with framed pages in which the URL for the pages is not visible, and the pages are hosted for IDP by such third parties. For example, on the sign up pages for some newsletters, the pages may be hosted by a third party vendor, but appear to be IDP.com pages and are governed by the IDP privacy policy.
IDP has established relationships with various service providers whose services are available to you from the Site, from websites that are linked to the Site, or in connection with the Products and Services. Typically, these providers offer services that IDP customers might find useful, such as those that can be used in conjunction with Products and Services. In order to use those providers’ services, you may be required to provide personal information to the providers. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, personal information that you provide while you are visiting a provider’s website will be subject to the privacy policy posted on that site, and personal information that you provide while on the Site will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
In order to reduce errors in our database, authenticate our users, prevent abuse of our Site and the Products and Services, and provide more consistent, relevant experiences to our users, we may on occasion supplement the personal information you submit to us with information from third-party sources. For example, if permitted under applicable law, we may supplement your Registration Information with address information provided by the U.S. Postal Service to qualify your information and prevent errors in our database. As permissible, we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information (such as age or interest in photography) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you.
How your personal information is used
IDP collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and to contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information is also used to track customer preferences and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of IDP and selected third parties unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law.
IDP may collect information about the use of the Products and Services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of Services used, how many users we receive daily, and the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually.
IDP may use this aggregate, nonidentifying statistical data for improving the Site and the Products and Services, providing more relevant experiences to our customers and for statistical analysis.
Certain Products and Services may require you to use the most current version of such Product and Service or are offered in conjunction with other Products and Services, which you may or may not have already downloaded. The Product and Service may automatically check to determine if you are using the most current version or have other Products and Services and through e-mail messages, pop-up boxes or similar mechanisms inform you if need to upgrade in order to use the Product and Service you have requested. During this process, an IP address identifying your computer and the Product and Service version may be sent to a Web server, but system profile information is not transmitted nor are cookies used to store information.
Your choices with respect to personal information
IDP recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site and in connection with the Products and Services. IDP will respect your legal rights regarding access to and correction and deletion of your personal information. IDP may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from IDP or selected third parties unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although we may find it necessary to continue to communicate with you regarding your use of the Site and the Products and Services. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, IDP will not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.
There are other instances in which IDP may divulge your personal information, such as where required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Protection of your personal information
The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of the Site or of the Products and Services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is protected in several ways. Access by you to your Registration Information is available through a password and unique customer ID selected by you. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. In addition, your Registration Information resides on secure servers that only selected IDP personnel and contractors have access to via password. IDP encrypts your personal information and thereby strives to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted to IDP.
Personal information that you provide that does not constitute Registration Information also resides on secure servers and is accessible only to selected IDP personnel and contractors via password. Since this information is not accessible online by you, you will not be asked to select a password in order to view or modify such information.
Data not collected on this Site or in connection with the Products and Services
Personal information that is not collected on the Site or in connection with the Products and Services is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy. However, personal information submitted on physical product registration cards is classified as Registration Information and is subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also covers licensee information (such as contact name and address) provided in connection with IDP’s volume licensing program. If you wish to access and/or correct such information, please see instructions for doing so in the section entitled “Updating your personal information and privacy preferences.”
Tracking, use of cookies, web beacons and similar devices
In order to improve our Products and Services and the Site and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our customers, we and our vendors may use “cookies”, “web beacons”, and similar devices to track your activities. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It functions as your identification card and enables IDP to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. This device is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different than a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer.
While IDP uses cookies and similar devices to track your use of the Site and the Products and Services, such as the number of downloads, types of Products and Services used and downloaded, how many users we receive daily, and our web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, IDP does not generally use this information to identify you personally. However, if you expressly provide consent for the Site or the Product and Service to “remember” the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the Site or the Products and Services, that unique identifier will be stored on a cookie on your computer and that unique identifier will be linked to your Registration Information. As a result, your navigation path around the Site and the Products and Services will be tracked.
Some Products and Services allow the tracking of access to or use of Products and Services by users, as opposed to IDP. For example, certain Products and Services allow document authors to restrict access to documents, track access to or use of those documents, or involve communications and transmission of data over the Internet to verify the authenticity of documents, authors and recipients. In many cases, this type of tracking will be obvious to you as a user of the Products and Services, and in others, the software and services license or terms of use, pop-up boxes, or email messages will inform you of these features and your options, such as disabling options.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, and most Products and Services that include similar devices are typically initially activated to collect data. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. (For some web pages that require an authorization, cookies are not optional. Users choosing not to accept cookies or similar devices will probably not be able to access those pages or the related Products and Services.) Information about non-cookie tracking devices and their features, including disabling options, are contained in the information materials provided with such Products and Services or on Site pages relating to such Products and Services.
Also, please note that IDP is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-IDP websites to which this Site or any other IDP website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.