https://idrive.net.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - idrive
1300 888 158 /Email Us
Pay Now
TRY NOW
Home
Benefits & Features
Ransomware Protection
Pricing
USER GUIDE
About Us
Download
CONTACT
Privacy Policy...
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the policy of Bermuda Business Solutions Pty Limited (ACN 619 588 877) (“our” or “we”) for dealing with your personal information (“Privacy Policy”). Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using the idrive Website, it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We recommend visiting this website regularly as this Privacy Policy can be updated due to possible amendments to the law or changes to our internal processes.
Our business and the purpose of collection
We are in the business of providing on-line data back-up services. We collect personal information primarily to provide products and services to you (“Purpose”).
In particular, we collect your personal information so that we can carry out the following actions:
To provide you with products, services and information that you have requested from us
To communicate with you, including about products, services and events which might interest you
To improve our products and services
To undertake market research
To provide you with information or advice
Process payments by you to us for our services;
To create accounts, tax invoices or receipts;
To provide your personal information to third parties that assist us in providing and/or delivering the goods or services you or they have requested
To consider and respond to feedback from you
To comply with laws or regulations or to comply with any directions given by regulators or authorities
We may disclose additional purposes for collection of your personal information in collection statements at the point of collection.
Personal information we collect
When used in this policy, “personal information” has the meaning given to that term in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). We may collect the following types of personal information from you:
Name
Residential or business address
Email Address
Post Code
Financial and payment information
Gender
Age and date of birth
Signature
Telephone number
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is information about you that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or affiliations, membership of a professional or trade association, membership of a trade union, details of health, disability, sexual orientation or criminal record.
It is our policy to only collect your sensitive information where it is reasonably necessary for our functions or activities and either you have consented or we are required or authorised under law to do so.
How we collect your personal information
In general, you can visit and read most parts of the idrive Website without providing any personal data. However, collection of your personal information can occur through the following interactions:
When you communicate with us directly (by email, telephone, direct mail or any other means);
When we interact with you during the course of providing you with the products or services; and/or
When you visit the idrive Website and social media pages, or access or contribute to digital platforms and applications managed by us (“Online Platforms), our servers store certain data needed for service delivery and/or statistical or security purposes; and/or
When you register an idrive Account in order to access our services.
Cookies
We may use temporary (session) cookies or permanent cookies when you access our Online Platforms. This allows us to recognise your browser and track the web pages you have visited.
You can switch off cookies by adjusting the settings on your web browser at the cost of some possible loss of functionality in your use of our Online Platforms.
Social Plugins
You can switch off cookies by adjusting the settings on your web browser at the cost of some possible loss of functionality in your use of our Online Platforms.
How we hold your personal information
We may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form.
If you provide information to us electronically we retain this information in our computer systems and databases. If you provide information to us in hard copy (paper) this information is normally retained in our files and a copy is made to our electronic files.
Security
We use industry standard security measures to safeguard and protect your information. Personal data we collect is stored on specially protected servers. Access is restricted to a limited number of authorised persons who need the access in order to administer our Online Platforms or ensure their proper functionality, especially with regard to technical support.
If we are unable to collect your personal information
If we are unable to collect your personal information, some or all of the following may occur:
We may be unable to provide products and services to you
We may be unable to communicate with you to provide information about products or services that you have procured from us, or may intend to procure in the future
We may be unable to tailor the content of our marketing communications to suit your preferences
Your experience when interacting with us may be delayed or not as efficient as you may expect.
Disclosure of your personal information
Your personal information may be disclosed in connection with any Purpose to any of the following:
Our employees, contractors or service providers, to the extent reasonably necessary to fulfil our obligations to you
Our business advisors, including lawyers, accountants or other professional service providers, to the extent reasonably required
Suppliers, clients and other third parties with whom we have commercial relationships, for business, payment processing, delivery, marketing and related purposes;
If required by law, to any person authorised by such law.
Overseas disclosure of personal information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties and service providers located overseas in connection with any Purpose, including to overseas cloud computing hosts. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.
Links
Links from our Online Platforms to third party websites that we do not operate or control are provided for your convenience. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of websites that are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Third party websites should have their own privacy and security policies which we encourage you to read before supplying any personal information to them.
Direct Marketing
We may contact you with direct marketing communications and information about products or services offered by us or our partners via telephone, email, SMS, or regular mail.
If you have indicated a preference for a method of communication, we will endeavour to use that method wherever practical to do so.
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by responding via the channel in which you received the marketing communication, or by contacting us (see contact information below). You can unsubscribe from emails by clicking the unsubscribe link on the footer of the email communication you have received.
How you may access your information
You may access your personal information held by us by making a request to us.
Email: info@idrive.net.au
Mail: P.O.Box 3089, Asquith, NSW 2077
Correction of your personal information
If you would like us to update or amend your personal information, please contact us and we will make the requested amendments.
We may ask you to verify your identity to ensure that personal information we hold is not improperly accessed.
Complaints
If you feel your privacy has been breached, please contact us using the contact information above setting out the circumstances and reasons for your complaint.
About idrive
Established in Sydney, Australia in early 2000, idrive has been providing Australians with a simple and easy to use online data back-up solution. Our entry level backup customer in the start-up phase was 50MB, and our biggest backup customer was 500MB.
Support
44/6 Jubilee Avenue Warriewood NSW 2102
P.O Box 3089
Asquith NSW 2077
1300 888 158
info@idrive.net.au
Useful Link
About Us
Privacy Policy
Returns & Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
Resellers
About Company
44/6 Jubilee Avenue
Warriewood
NSW 2102
P.O Box 3089
Asquith NSW 2077
1300 888 158
info@idrive.net.au
Support
Product Support
Report Abuse
Knowledgebase
Affiliates and Resellers
WHOIS Search
Sctipting & Add-ons
Resources
My Account
My Renewals
Create Account
Knowledgebase
Contact Us
Affiliates and Resellers
Account
Email Services
WHOIS Search
Sctipting & Add-ons
Marketing Services
Affiliates
Knowledgebase
Copyright © 2020 idrive . All rights reserved.
ABN: 27619588877