https://ihost.net/privacy-policy/
At iHost it's not just your website, it's your business – Powered by the Microsoft Azure Cloud®
Skype Us         (800) 371-5029     LOGIN »
iHost Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (statement) covers all websites that are operated by iHost Networks, Inc. (iHost).  iHost wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users’ privacy, and agree to disclose our information practices.
What personally identifiable information iHost collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the iHost website.
What organization collects the information.
How iHost uses the information.
With whom iHost may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under iHost control.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact our Customer Support Department
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
INFORMATION COLLECTION
iHost is the sole owner of the information collected on any website that is owned and operated by iHost. iHost collects information from our users at several different points on our Web sites as well as with our Instant Publisher software.
REGISTRATION
In order to use one of the above Web sites, or Instant Publisher, a user may first complete a registration form. During registration a user is required to] give[s] contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services which she/he has expressed interest.
IHOST WEB HOSTING ORDER
When signing up for Web hosting, we request information from a new user, whether they are on our Web site or using the Instant Publisher. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
INFORMATION USE
COOKIES
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
IHOST LOG FILES
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use our in-house tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE
SPECIAL OFFERS AND UPDATES
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
IHOST SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS
On occasion it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
IHOST CUSTOMER SERVICE
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users’ wishes.
SHARING
IHOST LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding or a court order.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES FOR MARKETING PURPOSES
We will not share your personal information with any third party for marketing purposes.
IHOST SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may from time to time partner with other third parties to provide a specific service integral to our hosting offering,  such as domain registration or credit card processing. At signup, we may share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services and for iHost to properly provision the account. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information for any purposes, except for the providing these services.
LINKS
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that iHost, is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
SECURITY
iHost takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, behind a locked cage in a locked facility.
CORRECTING/UPDATING/DELETING/DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can be done by the user logging in to his/her personal control panel area.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
GET IN TOUCH WITH US
800.371.5029
Privacy Policy »
Blonde fucked in car
Wild orgy sex with lusty teens
Tattooed Milf gets gangbanged
Hot amateur likes to get fucked
Latina girlfriend homemade sex tape