https://ikeepsafe.org/terms-of-use/
Home
About
Certifications
Our Process
Certified Products
Resources
Family Resources
Educator Resources
Vendor Resources
Partners & Supporters
Terms of Use
GENERAL TERMS OF USE AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Legal and Reproduction PolicyThe Internet Keep Safe CoalitionSM group reserves all rights to copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property associated with its ikeepsafe.orgSM website, as well as with other materials made available by the Internet Keep Safe CoalitionSM group. Access to content and materials provided on our website does not grant any license to any copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights.
We do not give permission to modify the ikeepsafe.orgSM website or any material found within the website. Please do not link, upload, or transmit illegal, offensive or obscene material to the ikeepsafe.orgSM website.
The Internet Keep Safe CoalitionSM group does not warrant or guarantee the accuracy of any information found on any site to which the ikeepsafe.org website is linked.
Faux Paw, the Techno CatSM, ikeepsafe.org, and Keep. Don’t Meet. Tell.SM are, among others not listed, service marks and trademarks of the IKSCSM group. Prior written consent must be given by the IKSCSM group in order for trademarks to be used or copied.
Content found on the ikeepsafe.orgSM website is for educational and non-commercial purposes. Moreover, content found on this website or otherwise made available through the IKSCSM group may not be incorporated into another website or a commercial product without prior written consent from the Internet Keep Safe CoalitionSM group. Copies, materials, and reproductions of any content found within this website may be distributed, republished or transmitted for educational and non-commercial purposes only, and upon first registering with the ikeepsafe.orgSM website. Content of the ikeepsafe.orgSM website may not be sold, leased, assigned or otherwise transferred.
Authorized copies or reproductions must contain all proprietary notices and copyright notices and may not in any way be altered.
Non-commercial organizations may link to ikeepsafe.orgSM website provided such links do not convey endorsement, sponsorship, or approval, and provided that the organization’s motives are in line with the motives and mission of the Internet Keep Safe CoalitionSM group. Linking by commercial sites may be approved with written requests made to info@ikeepsafe.org .
Limitations of Liability
We are not liable for any special or consequential damages resulting from use of, or inability to use, the materials of the ikeepsafe.orgSM website or any linked site.
To learn more about how we can help, leave us a message:
I want to certify my product
General feedback
Subscribe to our monthlyPrivacy & Security newsletter.
© 2020 iKeepSafe. All rights reserved.