https://imagisoft.com/privacy.html
****javascript based drop down DHTML
menu generated by NavStudio. (OpenCube
Inc. - http://www.opencube.com)****
Privacy Notice
Notice of Privacy and Insurance Information Practices
We appreciate you as a valued customer. We also have a high regard with respect to your right to privacy. We realize that you purchase our products because of your confidence in
us. Please know we are committed to treating your information, and your client's information, in a responsible manner. This Notice explains
what types of information we collect and with whom we share it. This Notice also explains how we protect your information.
Safeguarding Your Personal Information
We strive to protect information that is personal to you. We train our associates about the terms of this Notice and the
value of your privacy. We only allow our associates access to your personal information in order to provide services to
you and to maintain our products, or as allowed by law. We use manual and electronic security procedures to maintain
the confidentiality of the information we collect and to guard against its unauthorized access.
We do not share your information, or the information of any of your clients, with any third party. This includes, but is not limited to:
Names
E-Mail Addresses
Addresses
Phone Numbers
Financial Information
Personal Information (Age, Gender, Social Security Numbers, Dates of Birth, Documents, etc.)
We also do not review or track the information you store in our Suitable Annuity System System.
All data is encrypted using 256 bit encryption and safely stored on our servers in a secure location.
If you discontinue your paid subscription, your client information will be available to you by using the free software license option.
Sincerely,
Michael J. Prestwich,
President and Founder
ImagiSOFT
Inc.  PO Box 13208  Albuquerque, NM 87192-3208
(877) 510-4702  tech.support@imagisoft.com
Copyright 2012, ImagiSOFT, Inc. All Rights Reserved.