http://industriallogic.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Services +
Services
Training +
Training
Overview
Technical Training
Product Training
Collaboration Training
eLearning
Public Workshops
Coaching +
Coaching
Overview
Technical Coaching
Product Coaching
Leadership Coaching
Assessment
Engineering +
Engineering
Overview
Resources +
Resources
Freebies
Blog
Company +
Company
About
People
Careers
Case Studies
Contact
Privacy Policy
Services
Services
Training
Coaching
Engineering
Overview
Overview
Overview
Technical Training
Technical Coaching
Product Training
Product Coaching
Collaboration Training
Leadership Coaching
eLearning
Assessment
Public Workshops
Resources
Resources
Freebies
Blog
Company
Company
About
People
Careers
Case Studies
Contact
Privacy Policy
Login
Home
> Privacy Policy
Industrial Logic, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 31, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your
information
when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the
collection and
use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.
The
following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in
plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our
Service.
Business, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the
Company as
the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the
processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that
alone,
or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal
information, that
does business in the State of California.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers
to
Industrial Logic, Inc., 829 Bancroft Way, Berkeley, California, 94710.
For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural
person who
is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA
for
other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is
outside
the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device
by a
website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
Country refers to: United States
Data Controller, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers
to the
Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the
processing
of Personal Data.
Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a
digital
tablet.
Do Not Track (DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in
particular
the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for
allowing
internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an
identification
number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological,
genetic,
mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or
is
capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Sale, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting,
releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in
writing,
or by electronic or other means, a Consumer's Personal information to another business or a third party for
monetary
or other valuable consideration.
Service refers to the Website.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the
Company.
It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to
provide the
Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in
analyzing
how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through
which a
User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the
Service or
from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Website refers to Industrial Logic, accessible from here.
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal
entity on
behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as
you are
the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that
can be
used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Usage Data
What We Mean: Personal Data – this is data about you, such as your name, email
address,
phone number. This is data we ask you to provide us.
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser
type,
browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on
those
pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically,
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP
address of
Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device
identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the
Service
by or through a mobile device.
What We Mean: Usage Data – this is data about you and your devices generated through your use of the website.
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain
information.
Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve
and
analyze Our Service.
You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if
You do
not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service.
What We Mean: We install a “cookie” on your browser which tracks your activities
on
our
website. You have the option of deactivating the cookie, but that may limit certain functionality.
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on your personal computer or
mobile
device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close your web browser. Learn
more
about cookies: All About Cookies.
What We Mean: There are two types of cookies. The first type is a session cookie
that tracks
activity during the time you are on our website. The second type is “persistent” since it remains on
your
computer
when you go offline and resumes tracking when you come back to our website. We use both types of
cookies.
The rest
of this section provides more details the cookies we use and their purpose.
We use both session and persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable
You to
use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Without these
Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide
You with
those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering
your login
details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal
experience and
to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
Tracking and Performance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Third-Parties
Purpose: These Cookies are used to track information about traffic to the Website and how users use the
Website. The
information gathered via these Cookies may directly or indirectly identify you as an individual visitor.
This is
because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the
device you
use to access the Website. We may also use these Cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new
functionality of the Website to see how our users react to them.
For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies
Policy or
the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The
Personal Data
You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as
a
registered user.
For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the
purchase
contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through
the
Service.
To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent
forms of
electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or
informative
communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security
updates,
when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods,
services
and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about
unless You
have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
What We Mean:
This is a list of things we may do with your Personal Data. We may use it
to:
Provide the Services of the website
Manage your account
Create and administer your contract
Contact you
Provide you with information about other goods and services
Allow us to respond to your questions and requests
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers
to
monitor and analyze the use of our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.
For Business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in
connection with,
or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a
portion of
our business to another company.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we
will
require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any
other
subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control
with
Us.
With Business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to
offer You
certain products, services or promotions.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the
public areas
with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
If You
interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the
Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity.
Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view
Your
profile.
What We Mean:
We may share your Personal Data with third parties in the following
situations:
To providers whose services we use to provide the Services to you
If our Company is acquired
To companies under common ownership with us
To our business partners who may offer you products or services
To other users who access information you post on public areas of our website
and
social
media
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this
Privacy
Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal
obligations (for
example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and
enforce our
legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for
a
shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the
functionality of
Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
What We Mean:
We will retain your Personal Data:
To comply with this policy
To comply with legal requirements
To perform internal analysis of usage data, although this data is usually
maintained
for a
shorter period of time
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other
places
where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred
to — and
maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental
jurisdiction where
the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement
to that
transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in
accordance
with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a
country
unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal
information.
What We Mean: Your Personal Data may be transferred to other locations (in
addition
to our
offices) where data processing may occur. You consent to these transfers. We will use reasonable efforts
to
secure
this information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We
will
provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy
Policy.
What We Mean: If our Company is acquired, your Personal Data may be transferred
to
the
acquirer and may become subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so
by law
or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
What We Mean: We may be required to disclose your Personal Data to law
enforcement.
We may
also be required to disclose it to prevent harm and legal liability.
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the
Internet,
or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to
protect Your
Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
What We Mean: The security of your Personal Data is important to us and we will
work
hard to
safeguard it, but given that the information passes through the Internet, we can’t give a 100%
guarantee.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
Service Providers have access to Your Personal Data only to perform their tasks on Our behalf and are
obligated not
to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google
uses
the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google
services.
Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the
Google
Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js
and
dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web
page: Google Privacy Policies
What We Mean: Service Providers may get your Personal Data from us to help us
provide the
Service. Service Providers such as Google Analytics may analyze your Personal Data on our behalf. This
data
may be
shared with other Google services. You can go to Google
Privacy Policies
to get further information about Google’s handling of your Personal Data.
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other
information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these
communications from
Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Mailchimp
Mailchimp is an email marketing sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group LLC.
For more information on the privacy practices of Mailchimp, please visit their Privacy policy:
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
What We Mean: We may use your Personal Data to market to you and we may use
third
party
services to facilitate this marketing such as Mailchimp. Information about their privacy policy can be
found
at
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party
services for
payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our
third-party
payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment
processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is
a joint
effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the
secure
handling of payment information.
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at Stripe Privacy Policy
What We Mean: We may use third party payment processors. If Stripe is the
processor
processing your payment, their privacy policy can be found at Stripe
Privacy Policy
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent: You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more
specific
purposes.
Performance of a contract: Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance
of an
agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations: Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal
obligation
to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests: Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital
interests
or of another natural person.
Public interests: Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in
the
public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests: Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the
legitimate
interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing,
and in
particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a
requirement
necessary to enter into a contract.
What We Mean: The Personal Information of EU residents is protected by
regulations
known as
the GDPR. Under the GDPR, you have consented for us to use your Personal Data so we can deliver our
Service
to you
and to allow us to comply with any legal obligations. We can also use the information to protect your
interests, the
public interest and our legitimate interests.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise
Your
rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data. The right to access, update or delete the
information We
have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data
directly
within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please
contact Us to
assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You. You have the right to
to have
any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data. This right exists where We are relying on a
legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular
situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You
also have
the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data. You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove
Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data. We will provide to You, or to a third-party
You
have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note
that this
right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where
We used
the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent. You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your
Personal Data.
If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific
functionalities
of the Service.
What We Mean: Under the GDPR you have the right to request your Personal Data
that
we store.
You can update and delete it. If you can’t do it yourself, contact us and we will assist you. You can
object
if you
believe we are not using your Personal Data for a legitimate purpose. You also have the right to
withdraw
your
consent to our use of your Personal Data at any time.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please
note that
we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will
try our
best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal
Data. For
more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection
authority in the EEA.
What We Mean: You should contact us to exercise any of your GDPR rights. If you
are
in the
European Economic Area (EEA), you can contact your local data protection authority in the EEA for
further
information.
CCPA Privacy
Your Rights under the CCPA
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data
are being
collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain
from the
Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past
12 months
by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the
Company
not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our "Do Not
Sell My
Personal Information" section or web page.
The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain
from the
Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Data collected
The sources from which the Personal Data was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Data
Categories of third parties with whom We share Personal Data
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of
Your
Personal Data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated
against
for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other
benefits or
imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality
of goods or services.
What We Mean:
California has enacted certain enhanced privacy rights that govern the Personal
Data
information of California residents (known as the “CCPA”).
These rights are:
The right to notification of what Personal Data is being collected and for what
purpose.
To right to ask for disclosure of the Personal Data that we have collected over
the
prior 12
months.
The right to ask that we not sell your Personal Data to 3rd parties.
The right to ask for information about how your Personal Data was collected and
how
it is
used.
The right to ask us to delete the Personal Data that we collected about you over
the
last 12
months.
We cannot discriminate against you if we invoke any of these rights.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email
or call
us or visit our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving
Your
verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an
additional 45
days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
What We Mean: To exercise any of your rights under the CCPA (and if you
are a California resident) you can email ops@industriallogic.com or call us at 510-540-8336 or visit our
"Do
Not
Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. However, the Service Providers we partner with (for example, our
advertising
partners) may use technology on the Service that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA
law.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and
these
potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser
that
you
use.
What We Mean: While we don’t sell personal information, some of our Service
Provider
partners might. To avoid such resales, you can opt out through several means provided as part of the
Service.
The
opt out will be recorded in the cookie associated with your web browser. If you delete the cookie, you
will
need
to
recreate it to maintain the opt-out.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our
instructions presented on the Service:
From Our "Cookie Consent" notice banner
Or from Our "CCPA Opt-out" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you
change
browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in
order
to
serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences
on
your
mobile device.
What We Mean: You should check the settings available on your mobile device to
opt
out
from
the use of information about your app usage to target ads displayed to you.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such
websites,
You
can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can
enable
or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
What We Mean: You can use settings in your browser to prevent third parties from
tracking
your web browsing activities.
Your California Privacy Rights (California's Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California's Shine the Light law), California residents with an
established
business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with
third
parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
If you'd like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a
California
resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
What We Mean: If you are a California resident and have a business relationship
with
us,
you
can contact us to invoke your right to request information from us about what we share with third
parties
for
their
marketing purposes.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are
registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or
information
they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact
information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information
posted
online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
What We Mean: If you are under 18 and a California resident, you can contact us
to
have
us
remove information that you have publicly posted.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party
link,
You
will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every
site
You
visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any
third
party sites or services.
What We Mean: If a link on our website takes you to a third-party site, we have
no
responsibility for the content or privacy policy of the site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new
Privacy
Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming
effective
and
update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy
are
effective when they are posted on this page.
What We Mean: If we change this policy, we will update this page. We will let
you
know
about
the change through email or a notification through our Service. Changes become effective when posted on
this
page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: ops@industriallogic.com
We use cookies for analytics.
Please refer to ourprivacy policy for further explanation.Accept