https://ineight.com/privacy-statement/
Company
Industries
Newsroom
Careers
Contact Us & Locations
Industry Events
Webinars
Education
Increase your knowledge on InEight solutions. We offer training courses online and in-person.
Online Training
Virtual Instructor-Led Training
Knowledge Library
Customer Stories, Blog & Webinars
Browse our collection of customer stories, blog articles and on-demand webinars. Register for future webinars.
Customer Stories
Blog
Webinars
Product Finder
Start here to find the right project solution.
PRODUCT FINDER.
Solutions
Integrated Project Controls Platform
Planning, Scheduling & Risk
Estimating & Project Cost Management
Document Management
Connected Analytics
Capital & Contract Management
Field Execution Management
Safety, Quality & Commissioning
Virtual Design & Construction
Product Finder
Start here to find the right project solution.
PRODUCT FINDER.
Capital & Contract Management
Manage contract workflows from start to finish, from contractor/supplier selection through contract closeout including the related buyouts, pay requests and change orders. With our capital and contract management solutions, you can facilitate contracts and changes throughout the project, resulting in a 20% reduction in turnaround time.
Learn More >
Contract Capabilities >
Contract Lifecycle Management
Subcontract Management
Procurement
Change Capabilities >
Change Order management
Connected Analytics
Make real-time decisions as you gain visibility into metrics, KPIs and trends, driving continuity in operations.
Learn More >
Report Capabilities >
Reports
Explore Capabilities >
Project and Portfolio Analytics
Document Management
Our document management solution helps you streamline the capture, review, management and distribution of project documents. Because all your project documentation is stored in a centralized repository, you can reduce processing time by 30%.
Learn More >
Document Capabilities >
Document Control
RFIs and Submittals
Project Correspondence
Job Photo Management
Documents Turnover
Estimating & Project Cost Management
Our project cost management solutions help you create more accurate and timely project estimates, increase your forecasting accuracy, and improve the anticipated project ROI.
Learn More >
Estimate Capabilities >
Cost Estimating
Quote Management
Bid Closeout & Tendering
Benchmark-Driven Estimating & Scope Planning
Control Capabilities >
Budgeting
Forecasting
Earned Value Management
Field Execution Management
Manage work packages and daily crew plans to deliver and capture predictable results in the field, reducing project costs 10%.
Learn More >
Plan Capabilities >
Integrated Project Planning
Progress Capabilities >
Robust Quantity Progressing
Simplified Field Time Collection
Real-time Productivity Analysis
Detailed Field Logs & Issue Tracking
Streamlined Payroll Integrations
Integrated Project Controls Platform
Only InEight provides a complete portfolio of capital project management software that supports enterprise-wide digital transformation.
Learn More >
Product Finder
Start here to find the right project solution.
PRODUCT FINDER.
Planning, Scheduling & Risk
Collaboratively create and risk-adjust plans to achieve more than 75% confidence in project execution.
Learn More >
Schedule Capabilities >
Top-down Planning
Schedule & Cost Risk Analysis
Schedule Critique & Benchmarking
Execution Planning
Detailed Schedule Development
Resource Management
Project Risk Tracking
Safety, Quality & Commissioning
Capture and analyze safety, compliance and quality data directly from the field, reducing rework by 10%.
Learn More >
Compliance Capabilities >
Environment, Health and Safety
Business Process Compliance
QA/QC
Completions Capabilities >
Startup and Commissioning
Completions
Project Closeout
Virtual Design & Construction
Use an aggregated 3D model as a common data environment, increasing clash resolution efficiency by more than 200%
Learn More >
Model Capabilities >
Model Aggregation
Clash Detection
Design Coordination
Model-based Takeoff
Visual Reporting
Digital Twin
INEIGHT PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective Date: August 19, 2019
Revised/Updated: August 10, 2020
SCOPE
This InEight Privacy Statement (“Statement”) describes how InEight, Inc. (“InEight,” “we,” or “us”) treats personal information on our websites, applications and platforms (“Platform”).
This Statement does not apply to information collected or used for employment-related purposes. InEight has separate, internal privacy practices and notices with regard to personal information that is collected from prospective, current, and former employees and job applicants.
This Statement also does not apply to any information collected by our customers when using our products or services. Each customer is responsible for its own privacy practices relating to any information collected through our products or services. Our obligation to protect personal information provided to us by our customers is contained in our agreements with each customer.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information from you and about you. Here are some examples of the information we may collect:
Contact Information. For example, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. We may also collect your mobile phone number.
Information You Submit. We may collect information when you send us a message through the “Contact Us” page or similar features on our Platform. We may also collect other information you submit through an online comment or when you contact our sales or support teams.
Business Information. For example, we may collect your business contact information. We may also collect information about your employer and your job title.
Demographic Information. We may collect demographic information such as your birthdate, age, and zip code.
Device Information. For example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our Platform. We may also collect your device identifier, IP address or mobile operating system.
Account Information. Certain portions of the Platform allow you to create a user account. In connection with that account, we may collect your user name and password.
Location Information. For example, we may collect precise location information from your device. This may include information about your exact location when you use our Platform. We may also collect this information in the background when our mobile applications are not in use. For more information about your options related to the collection of your location information, see the Choices section below.
Commercial Information. We may collect personal information that could identify you and relates to the products or services in which you are interested, or have considered or purchased. We may also collect personal information about your purchasing habits, or consuming history or tendencies.
Usage Information. We may collect information regarding how you use the Platform. For example, we may collect information regarding what Platform features are useful or most frequently used.
Other Information. We may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our app, we might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect your information in different ways. Below are some examples of how we may collect your information.
Directly From You. For example, when you:
Register for an account.
Submit an inquiry to us.
Register for an event.
Request a product demonstration.
Download our product materials.
Complete an online form.
Post or respond to an online comment.
Contact our sales or support team.
Interact with our social media pages.
Otherwise interact with us.
For example, when you:
Visit and navigate our Platform on any device.
Install or use one of our mobile aps.
Enable location-based features on our Platform.
Click on a sponsored link or third-party advertisement.
We may also collect information about users over time and across different websites, apps, and devices when you use the Platform.
From Third-Parties. We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, this may include receiving information from:
Our business partners, including online advertising networks and analytics vendors.
Social media sites, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest, Snapchat and Instagram.
Your contacts or friends who provide your information to us because they think you may be interested in our products and services or they want to share a product or service with you.
Companies that provide information to supplement what we already know about you, including data aggregators. Certain third-parties might link your name or email address to other information they have collected. That might include online usage information.
By Combining Information. For example, we may:
Combine information that we collect offline with information we collect through our Platform.
Combine information we collect about you from the different devices you use to access our Platform.
Combine information we get from third-parties with information we already have about you.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We process your personal information for the following purposes:
To Run and Improve Our Platform and Business. We may use your information to make our Platform and business better. We may also use your information to provide you with information about our business.
To Provide Customer Support. This includes responding to customer service and support requests.
To Respond to Your Requests or Questions. This may include responding to your feedback.
To Communicate With You. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Statement or our Platform terms and conditions.
For Marketing Purposes. We may provide you with information about our company and our business initiatives. This includes using your information to personalize your experience on our Platform and with our products. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.
For Administrative Purpose This includes using your information for accounting, record keeping, backup, and administrative purposes
For Security Purposes. This could include protecting our company and consumers who use our products and services. It may also include protecting our Platform.
As Otherwise Permitted By Law or As We May Notify You.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information in the following ways:
We may share your information with our parent, subsidiary, and affiliate entities.
With Our Service Providers. We may share your information with third-parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include companies that send emails on our behalf or help us run our Platform.
With Our Business Partners. For example, this may include data aggregators, advertisers, media buying agencies, advertising networks and advertising service providers.
With Third-Parties for Marketing Purposes. This may include third-parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third-parties may also share your information with others. These third-parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest-based advertising.
With Any Successors to All or Part of Our Business. For example, if we merge with, acquires or is acquired, or sells part of its business to another entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control.
To Comply With the Law or To Protect Ourselves. For example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We might share information when we are investigating a potential fraud.
Where You Have Asked Us to Share Your Information With a Third-Party
For Other Reasons We May Describe to You.
CHILDREN UNDER 18
The Platform where this Statement is located are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 18, and strive to comply with the provisions of COPPA (The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has provided us with information, please contact us at privacy@InEight.com. You can also write to us at the address listed at the end of this Privacy Statement. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You have certain choices about how we use your information. Certain choices you make are browser and device specific.
Marketing Communications:
You can opt out of receiving our marketing communications by using the unsubscribe link within each email. Note that, as long as you maintain an account with us or receive Services, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding your account and the Services.
Cookies & Other Tracking Technologies:
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies or other tracking tools. How you do so depend on the type of tool. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can go here. Why?  Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our “Do Not Track” policy, please click here.
Other Rights
You may also have the right to assert a legal right regarding our collection and use of your information under applicable federal, state, and international law. Under these applicable laws, you may have a number of rights, including:
The right not to provide your personal information to us;
The right to object, stop, or limit the processing of your personal information;
The right to request the erasure or restriction of processing of your personal information in our possession;
The right to have your information transferred to another data controller;
The right to withdraw your consent;
The right to access to your information and request from us a description, or a copy, of the types of personal information we have stored about you; and
The right to request update or rectification your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, or to request more information, contact us at privacy@InEight.com or through the contact information listed at the bottom of this Statement.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please send us an email at privacy@InEight.com or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a “California Shine the Light” inquiry.
For the purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), we do not engage in the sale of California consumer personal information, as these terms are defined by CCPA.
SECURITY
We take appropriate steps to preserve the security of your personal information, including preventing them from being distorted, damaged or disclosed to unauthorized third-parties. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control.
However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our Platform will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet.  A username and a password are needed to access certain areas of our Platform. Consequently, it is your responsibility to protect your username and password.
STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Information we maintain may be stored in or outside of the United States (“U.S.”). Any information stored in the European Union (“EU”) are only retained for as long as they are needed. If you live outside of the U.S., you understand and agree that we may transfer your personal information to the U.S. or non-EU countries, in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement. This Platform is intended for use in the U.S. and is subject to the laws of the U.S., which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. For this reason, we may transfer your personal information to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
Where we transfer your personal information collected in the EU to the U.S. or to another non-EU country, under circumstances that are within scope of General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which are not in adequate jurisdictions, we take steps as required by applicable law to protect the privacy and security of personal information.
LINKS
Our Platform may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this Statement. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices used by third-party sites. We suggest that you read the privacy policies of those sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Statement, or wish to update your information, please feel free to contact us at privacy@InEight.com. You may also write to us at the following address:
Privacy Officer/Data Protection Officer
InEight, Inc.
9977 N. 90th St., Ste. 250
Scottsdale, AZ 85258
Re: InEight Privacy Statement
CHANGES IN PRIVACY STATEMENT
From time to time, we may change our Privacy Statement. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Statement as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our Platform. Please check our Platform periodically for updates.
© InEight, Inc. 2020.