https://infocus.com/legal/cookie-policy/
Home
/
Support
/
Cookie Policy
Legal Documents
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
InFocus Corporation
Cookie Policy of www.infocus.com
Cookie Policy
Effective June 2019 (version 2)
InFocus respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your personal data. When you visit our websites, we collect certain information by automated means, using cookies and other similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and clear GIFs. This Policy provides information about how and when we use cookies on our websites. For purposes of this Policy, the term “websites” refers to InFocus.com and other websites that we operate that link to this Policy.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website asks your browser to store on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies contain information, such as the website name and a system-generated identifier, that can later be read by the website server that placed that cookie. The cookie allows the website to remember visitors’ actions or preferences over time, thereby providing a better experience when browsing the site. Cookies in and of themselves contain no personally identifiable information. Most browsers support cookies, but users can set their browsers to decline them, and even delete them, whenever they like.
Why do we use cookies?
There are different types of cookies which serve different purposes. We use cookies for the technical and functional management of our websites, as well as to provide you with the optimum experience while browsing our websites.
What are the different types of cookies?
Essential (or Performance) cookies are necessary for the website to function properly. You cannot decline or block these cookies, but they automatically expire when you close your browser.
Functional cookies are used to remember choices you make and actions you’ve taken (i.e. selected a preferred language, added an item to a shopping cart) on the website. These cookies do not track your browsing activity on other websites or gather any other personally identifiable information about you. You may block them, although doing so may impact your experience on the website.
Third-party cookies are set by a third party providing a service (i.e. analytics) to InFocus or enabling certain site functionality (i.e. videos, chat), but InFocus cannot control how these cookies are used. Because your browser connects to those third parties’ web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services.
Here are links to the Privacy and/or Cookie Policies of our analytics and third-party partners:
Zendesk: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/cookie-policy/
How can you control cookies?
It is possible to manage and block cookies using your web browser. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings to block cookies, our system will issue cookies. When updating your browser settings, keep in mind that if you block all cookies, you may not be able to access some or all parts of our website. Each browser works differently. Please refer to your browser’s instructions on how to set your privacy preferences.
You can learn more about cookies and get advice on discovering what cookies have been set and how you can manage and delete them at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
For more information on how we deal with your privacy please visit our Privacy Policy.