https://info.eurobase.com/privacy-policy
Solutions
Insurance
Summary
Reinsurance
London Market
General Insurance
Captives
ILS
Managed Services
Banking
Summary
Treasury Management
Regulation & Compliance
Electronic Trading
FX Payments
Managed Services
Building Societies
Treasury Management
Corporates
Complaints Management
Services
Managed Services
Consultancy
Specialist Recruitment
Support Services
Customers
Summary
Testimonials
Case Studies
Support Services
Insight
Blogs
White Papers
Insurance
Banking
News
News
Events
Videos
Insurance
Banking
Product Brochures
Insurance
Banking
About Us
Summary
Management Team
Our Partners
Careers
Careers
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Eurobase
(Company number 02251162)
Your privacy is important to us – just as knowing how we use your information is important to you. Our Privacy Policy gives you full visibility of how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information when you use our products, services and our website.
Security;
Eurobase is committed to securely protecting your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Our services are all hosted internally within the UK and we are ISO9001 and ISO27001 certified. We undertake regular vulnerability scans of our website and services to ensure your data is safe.
The Data Controller;
Eurobase Systems is the data controller for any personal information you supply to us in relation to enquiries about our products or services.
Email Address: compliance@eurobase.com
What information we will collect;
We may collect personal data that you choose to provide to us through the website, including, but not limited to, your first and last name, physical address, e-mail address, or telephone number, such as when you:
Fill out a form on our website;
Sign-up to receive direct marketing communications on the website;
Sign-up to a feature that we offer on the website and you provide your personal data in connection with that feature;
Attend an event that we are exhibiting at or have organised; or
Communicate with us (for example, on a social media platform or by sending us an email).
When you visit our website, we may collect certain information by automated means using technologies such as cookies, non-cookie-based tokens, web server logs, tracking pixels, and web beacons. Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to identify your browser uniquely or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site. Where permitted by law, we may acquire personal data about you from third parties. This may include personal data publicly-available profile information (such as your preferences and interests) on third party social media sites (such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter), and marketing lists acquired from third party marketing agencies.
Our web servers may log information such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. The web server logs may also record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our Sites and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. They may also log information about your interaction with the Sites, such as which pages you visit. To control which web servers collect information by automated means, we may place tags called “web beacons” — small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. We may also collect information from your browser, such as your browsing history, and use it in conjunction with data gathered from forms and e-mails to help us understand and respond to your needs.
Social Media Widgets
The Site includes social media functions, such as the Blog, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook widgets. These widgets may collect information about which pages you visit on the Site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. The widgets may also set a cookie to ensure the features are functioning properly. Social media functions and widgets are hosted either by a third party or directly on the Site. Your interactions with the social media functions and widgets located on the Site are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. If you use any of the social media functions or widgets on our Site, we strongly suggest you review the privacy policies of the companies that provide those functions and features.
LinkedIn Members
If you are a LinkedIn member and you visit our Site from LinkedIn, our Site may use tracking pixels which are transparent graphic images placed on web pages, these in combination with cookies may collect information contained within your LinkedIn profile as well as your access and interaction with the web pages that contain the pixels.
What we will use your information for;
We use the data you have supplied to help you obtain the best service for you and to provide certain information that you may have requested.
We also require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: –
To contact you via email, or phone,
Where you have consented, we will directly market products and services, and advice you of any updates to our services.
Internal record-keeping.
We may use the information to improve our services to you.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new services, specials or other information (which we think you may find interesting) using the email address which you have provided).
To fulfil contractual obligations with our clients.
We may have to release your personal information to regulatory or law enforcement agencies, if they require us to do so by law.
Your rights to your information
You can withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information at any time. This may affect the services we are able to supply you. If you wish to withdraw your consent then please contact us on 01245 496706 or send an email to; compliance@eurobase.com
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Any request for information or withdrawal of consent must be made in English.
We will not sell or distribute your personal information to third parties unless we are required to do so by law.
If you have any questions about this policy or about your personal information the please contact Eurobase Systems Ltd on 01245 496706.
Subscribe to our insights
About Us
Eurobase is a global group operating across six specialised areas in 25 countries. We pride ourselves on our personal approach and provide reliable software solutions for (re)insurance companies, banks and other financial institutions along with comprehensive consultancy and high-calibre IT recruitment services.
Learn More [fa icon="long-arrow-right"]
More Links
[fa icon="caret-right"] Home
[fa icon="caret-right"] Blog
[fa icon="caret-right"] About Us
[fa icon="caret-right"] Contact Us
[fa icon="caret-right"] Privacy Policy
Contact Us
[fa icon="phone"]  +44(0)1245 496 706
[fa icon="envelope"]  info@eurobase.com
[fa icon="home"]  Bury House, London,
[fa icon="linkedin-square"] [fa icon="twitter-square"]
Copyright 2020 | eurobase.com
[fa icon="chevron-up"]