https://informationsecurity.wustl.edu/policies/access-to-faculty-or-staff-email-files-or-systems/
Skip to content
Skip to search
Skip to footer
Washington University in St. Louis
Statement of Policy
Washington University in St. Louis (WashU) is committed to conducting all university activities in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and university policies. WashU has adopted this policy to outline the security measures required to protect electronic information systems and related equipment from unauthorized use.
view print version
ObjectiveThe policy and associated guidance provide a well-defined and organized approach for access to faculty or staff electronic information or systems at WashU.ApplicabilityThis policy is applicable to all accounts, electronic messaging, and systems connected to all WashU network segments. AudienceThe audience for this policy is all WashU faculty, staff and IT users with elevated permissions. WashU students will need to be aware of this policy. This also applies for all other agents of the university with access to WashU information and network for contracted services. This includes, but not limited to partners, affiliates, contractors, temporary employees, trainees, guests, and volunteers. The titles will be referred collectively hereafter as “WashU community”.Roles & ResponsibilitiesPolicyThis policy applies to access requests from management for active or former faculty or staff computing resources in accordance to the privacy expectations outlined in the WashU Computer Use Policy.  This will include students while in a staff or faculty role.WashU does not monitor individuals system or network usage. Daily system processing and maintenance will log and backup the data. The individual right to privacy may, when personal files may need to be accessed for troubleshooting purposes or to investigate a reported incident, be overridden by authorized personnel to protect the integrity of the university’s computer systems.In addition, this policy outlines the actions IT staff must adhere to prior to granting access to any individual’s electronic activity.If a legal or regulatory incident is suspected for an active or former member of WashU faculty or staff, management will contact the Office of General Counsel and/or Human Resources for guidance prior to requesting access to the current or former faculty or staff member’s email, files or system.Access to Email AccountsManagement access to a faculty or staff member’s email account should only be requested for continuation of university, school or department needs (e.g. ongoing projects, contacts, schedules, recruitment, contracts, grants, research) or in the course of an internal investigation.Access to active WashU faculty or staff email accounts requires approval from a Human Resources Consultant.Access to former WashU faculty or staff email accounts requires approval from the manager or supervisor.Requests will be processed through the university ticket system.  Upon approval, access will be provided to the manager or supervisor, or person they have designated only for a period of 30 days for WashU department or school purposes.  Extensions will require approval from the Information Security Office (ISO).Access to Electronic Files or SystemsManagement access to a faculty or staff member’s files or systems used to access, store or transmit WashU information should only be requested for continuation of university, school or department needs (e.g. ongoing projects, contacts, schedules, recruitment, contracts, grants, research) or in the course of an internal investigation.Access to active WashU faculty or staff files or systems requires approval from a Human Resources Consultant.Access to former WashU faculty or staff files or systems requires approval from the manager or supervisor.Requests will be processed through the university ticket system.  Upon approval, access will be provided to the manager/supervisor/designee for a period of 30 days for WashU department or school purposes.  Extensions will require approval from the ISO.Access to any information will always be by administrators nominated by the Executive Director of End User Services or the area specific IT Director.Access to Internet Access Logs / Browser HistoryManagement access to active or former WashU faculty or staff internet access logs requires approval from a Human Resources Consultant. If approved, the Human Resources Consultant will contact the IT Department to request the logs for the specified time period.Faculty or Staff Access Log RequestsRequests from faculty or staff for logs related to email, internet or account access require approval from Human Resources Consultant. Access requests from Federal, State or Local AgenciesRequests will be coordinated with the Office of General Counsel and/or Human Resources and will follow the Information Security Incident Management Process. Policy ComplianceThe ISO will measure the compliance to this policy through various methods, including, but not limited to – reports, internalexternal audits, and feedback to the policy owner.  Exceptions to the policy must be approved by the ISO in advance. Non-compliance will be addressed with management, Area Specific Compliance Office, Human Resources or the Office of Student Conduct.Related PoliciesComputer Use PolicyReferenceIncident Management ProcessPolicy ReviewThis policy will be reviewed at a minimum every three years. Title: Access to Faculty or Staff Email, Files or Systems PolicyVersion Number: 2.0Reference Number: AC-01.03 Creation Date: February 7, 2017Approved By: Security and Privacy Governance CommitteeApproval Date: June 15, 2018Status: FinalScheduled Review Date: March 1, 2022Revision Date: February 26, 2019Revision Approval Date: March 15, 2019Policy Owner: Information Security Office
Policies
Exception Policy
Information Security Training and Awareness Policy
Personal Device Security Policy
Roles and Responsibilities Policy
Vulnerability Management Policy
One Campus Security Posture Policy
Data Center Policy
Litigation Hold Policy
Information Security Controls Policy
Encryption Policy
Information Classification Policy
Incident Response Policy
Incident Reporting Policy
Mobile Device Security Policy
Electronic Messaging Security Policy
Media Reuse and Disposal Policy
Infrastructure Security Policy
Information Security Policy
Application Security Policy
Information Security Risk Management Policy
Access to Faculty or Staff Email, Files, or Systems Policy
Password Policy
Managing Access Policy
Computer Use Policy
Contact InfoSec
Report InfoSec Incident
HIPAA Privacy Office
Report HIPAA Incident
IT ServicesWashU InfoSec on TwitterTweets by WUSTL_InfoSec