https://infocus.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Home
/
Support
/
Privacy Policy
Legal Documents
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
InFocus Corporation
Privacy Policy of www.infocus.com
Privacy Policy
Effective May 2018 (version 1)
InFocus Corporation and its affiliated companies (“InFocus”) take the trust you place in us seriously and are committed to protecting the privacy of the information you share with us when you access and use our websites, products, services, applications, and other offerings. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, store, and share the personal data you provide to us.
This policy can be modified at any time, with the most current version always available at www.infocus.com/privacy-policy and accessible via a link at the bottom of every InFocus web page. While any major changes will be announced on the InFocus.com homepage, we also advise you to check this Privacy Policy regularly.
This policy should be read together with our Cookie Policy. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact us via email at privacy@infocus.com.
What types of personal data do we collect?
Information provided by you
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you purchase or register a product or contact customer support. This personal data may include name, email address, phone number, mailing and/or shipping address, and credit card. We collect only the information required to perform the service or function being requested.
If you apply for employment at InFocus, you provide information such as your name, contact information, and educational and employment background. InFocus will not use personal data submitted as part of this process for any other purpose.
Information obtained automatically
InFocus collects information from all visitors to our websites, such as your IP address, browser type, date and time of visit, and which pages were viewed. This information is used for system administration and to make improvements to our website. Learn more about how InFocus uses cookies in our Cookie Policy.
Information obtained from third parties
We may receive information about you from our distribution and reseller partners in order to make special purchasing arrangements. InFocus will not use personal data submitted as part of this process for any other purpose.
Notice regarding the personal data of children
InFocus does not target and does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18. InFocus is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents to take an active role in your child’s online activities and interests.
Notice regarding links to other websites and social media
The InFocus websites may contain hyperlinks to other websites, which are offered and managed by other companies or by social media. InFocus does not pass any personal data to these companies via these hyperlinks, nor is InFocus responsible for the processing of personal data via these websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these websites.
If you share content from the InFocus websites via social media, your personal data will be visible to the visitors of these social media. InFocus is not responsible for the processing of personal data via these social media platforms. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these websites.
For what purposes do we process your personal data?
in order to provide you with the products and services that you have requested;
if you ask questions, either by telephone, online chat, email, or online form submission, we will process your personal data in order to respond to your questions;
for the technical and functional management of our websites, in order to personalize the websites and to ensure that you get the best experience possible. Learn more in our Cookie Policy;
if you have elected to receive such communications from InFocus, we will contact you with information about products, services, events, special offers, or other opportunities that we think may be of interest to you.
When and with whom do we share your personal data?
InFocus may share your data with third party partners to perform certain activities appropriate to your interest, such as order fulfillment, payment processing, or website management. Only the personal data necessary for the performance of such activities is shared with these partners. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personal data for any other purposes.
InFocus may be required by law or court order to provide your personal data to appropriate third parties such as law enforcement or government agencies in connection with criminal or legal investigations. We may also share your information with our attorneys and other external advisors if necessary, for them to give us advice or provide legal defense.
How long do we keep your personal data?
InFocus will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the service requested for which that personal data was originally provided, or as required by law, whichever is longer.
In the case of personal data used for marketing purposes, we will retain your personal data that you have elected to provide us for this purpose until you withdraw your consent.
On what grounds do we process your personal data?
InFocus for the most part will process your personal data as part of a contract to which you are a party or in order to comply with a legal obligation (as described earlier). In addition InFocus may also have legitimate interests for processing certain personal data, such as to send you notifications about product updates, any matters we feel may be of interest to you and/or which may be connected to your purchase of an InFocus product or service, and for analysis and improvement of our websites. For notably the use of cookies and for sending offers and newsletters, we proceed to do so on the basis of your consent.
How do we transfer, store, and protect your personal data?
InFocus is committed to protecting your personal data. The personal data that we collect from you will also be stored and processed in the United States. Your personal data is also processed by appropriate staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff are engaged in, among other things, providing support services, maintaining and operating systems, and providing security services. We have implemented appropriate safeguards and have taken all steps necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. We transfer your personal data between and among our companies and suppliers on the basis of model clauses as adopted by the European Commission.
The personal data you provide to InFocus is protected by physical, technical, and organizational security measures to protect it from loss, theft, alteration, unauthorized use and misuse. These include:
restricting access to personal data to employees and contractors on a need-to-know basis
processing payment transactions in a secure and encrypted manner
ensuring third party data service providers provide adequate security measures
What are your personal data rights and how can you exercise them?
InFocus acts as controller of the personal data and you are entitled to request free access to the personal data that are processed by InFocus, to correct or update inaccurate information, to obtain a copy of the data we hold, and to request to be “forgotten” (unless that data retention is necessary in order to complete the transaction for which the data was originally collected, or for legal and regulatory purposes). Furthermore, you may be entitled to ask for restriction of processing or to object to processing. You can also ask us to port your personal data to another service.
If the processing of your data is based on consent, such as for direct marketing purposes, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without this affecting the legitimacy of the processing done prior to the withdrawal of your consent. You can send the above request by e-mail to privacy@infocus.com or by post to:
InFocus Corporation
Attention: Data Protection Officer
13190 SW 68th Parkway
Portland, OR 97223
Note: InFocus cannot process your request without proof of your identity.
If you have further questions or complaints about the InFocus websites or about this Privacy Policy, you can contact privacy@infocus.com. You are also entitled to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority
Policy Updated: May 2018 (v.1)