https://informait.com/informait-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
InformaIT privacy policy
InformaIT privacy policyJohan Johansson2020-09-02T12:11:42+02:00
Who are we?
We are InformaIT, our head office is in Gothenburg, Sweden.
We are a pure product company, providing proofreading software to the market.
This notice sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or from others, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Our data protect contact may be contacted at: gdpr@informait.com
What personal information we collect from you
You may give us personal data by:
Corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. We ask you to disclose only as much information as is necessary to provide you with any of our services or to submit a question or suggestion/comment in relation to them.
Filling in forms on informait.com (our website) such as the contact us form. We use this form to answer any queries, respond to any requests you may have in relation to our services or deliver any requested content to you.
Applying to work with us. The type of information you may provide in your CV, a cover letter, your name, address, email address and phone number. CVs should include information relevant to your employment history and education (degrees obtained, places worked, positions held, relevant awards, and so forth). We ask that you do not disclose sensitive personal information (e.g. gender, height, weight, medical information, religion, philosophical or political beliefs, and financial data) in your application.
Browsing our website (informait.com). Your IP address and non-identifying information is collected while using the website via tracking cookies. You are free to reject cookies using a wide variety of tools, however your website experience may be impaired doing so.
Why do we collect this information?
We collect the information in order to provide you with our products and services, provide you with marketing materials, maintain any software systems you have with us, recruit you to work with us and provide ongoing customer support for all our services.
We will use this information:
Customer/Client:
To set your company up as a supplier customer of our systems;
To liaise with you about projects that we are undertaking with you;
To deliver information about our products and services, where you have subscribed to receive same;
To ensure payment of our invoices;
To setup, deliver and maintain any software systems we may provide to you.
Trial Customer/Client:
To set your company up as a trial customer of our systems;
To deliver information about our products and services, where you have subscribed to receive same.
Candidates:
To create a candidate profile for you if you are a prospect employee;
To process employment applications, including by assessing qualifications, verifying information, conducting reference or other employment-related checks, and notifying you of future opportunities that might be of interest to you.
Website users:
To administer and improve our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To monitor the traffic and trends related to the users of our website in order to identify areas of potential improvement and any possible technical issues with the website itself.
The legal bases for the processing of your data are:
That you have provided consent for the processing for marketing purposes, such as providing you with a regular newsletter, sending requested content or providing you with periodical press releases for us. Processing necessary for the performance of a contract which you have entered into with us or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
Processing necessary in order to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person:
Processing necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests which we pursue in providing you with quotes and proposals or responding to requests for proposal/information about our services prior to contract where such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights or freedoms which require the protection of your information.
Who do we share this information with?
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you. We attach at Schedule 1 a list of all entities with whom your personal data is shared.
How long do we keep hold of your information?
The time periods for which we retain your information depends on the type of information and the purposes for which we use it. We will keep your information for no longer than is required or permitted in accordance with applicable laws.
Do we transfer your information outside the European Union or European Economic Area?
Yes. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored in the United States of America and India, outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the United States of America, there exists an adequacy decision relating to the safeguards for personal data from the European Commission. For data transferred to India, which we use to provide our services, we have specific provisions within our customer contracts that explicitly state exactly how this data is stored and your rights over that data.
What are your rights with respect to your personal data?
You have the following rights:
The right to access the personal data we hold about you.
The right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data about you without undue delay.
The right to have us erase any personal data we hold about you in circumstances such as where it is no longer necessary for us to hold the personal data or, in some circumstances, if you have withdrawn your consent to the processing.
The right to object to us processing personal data about you such as processing for profiling or direct marketing. The right to ask us to provide your personal data to you in a portable format or, where technically feasible, for us to port that personal data to another provider provided it does not result in a disclosure of personal data relating to other people.
The right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data. Where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent to that processing, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time but any processing that we have carried out before you withdrew your consent remains lawful.
You may exercise any of the above rights by gdpr@informait.com.
You may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority with respect to our processing of your personal data. The local Supervisory Authority in Sweden is the Swedish Data Protection Authority. The website is datainspektionen.se.
What will happen if we change our privacy notice?
The notice may change from time to time, and any changes will be posted on our website and will be effective when posted. Please review this notice each time you use our website or our services. This notice was last updated 20th of August 2020.
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about your privacy or how we handle your data, our Data Protection Officer can be contacted by email: gdpr@informait.com.
Schedule 1
We have set out below a list of third parties with whom we share you data.
Microsoft
Provide email services, online meetings, document creation and processing where your details may be stored.
Hubspot
To organise and categorise our clients and potential clients in order for us to better provide our services.
Fortnox
To hold and process financial information of clients and suppliers.
Google
Website analytics provider, holds cookies and other browser data.
Egnyte
Cloud storage and file management.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. At the bottom of this page you can find a link to our Privacy policy.
Cookies SettingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.