https://infolinx.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Infolinx (“we”, “us”). Our privacy policy is designed to inform you about how we collect, use, and store your personal or company information, including information related to your use of our products and services.
About the Information We Collect
We may collect and retain information about visitors to our site. We understand the sensitive nature of this information and are committed to maintaining your privacy. The only information we collect about you or your business is from information that you voluntarily provide to us. This information may include your name, company name, email address, industry, and/or phone number. We use the personal information collected for the following general purposes: providing requested information, products, or services, and/or to send announcements regarding new products, available updates, resources, and news and events. We may use information for internal data analysis to improve our products and overall customer experience.
You have the right to access this personal data, to object to its processing, and to request its rectification, erasure, and exportation to your control. All requests of this nature can be made by contacting us at info@infolinx.com and we will prioritize our evaluation and response of such requests. If you are unable to reach a resolution with us directly, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant data protection authority.
Infolinx uses the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may update your communication preferences at any time using the link in the footer of email communications. You may also unsubscribe from these communications at any time here.
Commitment to Security and Privacy
We do not share or sell your information with other people or non-affiliated companies, except to provide requested products, services, or information, and under the following circumstances: to trusted third party companies who work with us under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your information to help us deliver more effective communications. These companies do not have the independent right to share or sell this information.
While we cannot ensure the security of Internet communications, once we receive a communication from you, we have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of any personal information that you voluntarily provide. We store information in other systems, all of which are secured to the highest standard reasonably achievable.
Cookies
www.infolinx.com and other online services such as interactive applications an email communication may use “cookies” to retain information about user behavior and help us deliver a better user experience on our website. You may choose to accept or decline cookies on your browser. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically but can be modified to decline cookies.
We do not associate IP addresses with personal information; we collect IP addresses to conduct website traffic and use analysis. Infolinx does not disclose domain name or aggregate information to third parties other than vendors who assist us with our website and who are under strict confidentiality requirements.
Ready to Get Started? Let's Go
SolutionsPhysical Records Management Software
Digital Records Management
File & Asset Tracking
IndustriesRecords Management for Education
Records Management for Financial Services
Records Management for Federal, State, and Local Government
Records Management for Healthcare
Records Management for Law Firms & Legal Departments
Records Management for the Pharmaceutical Industry
Records Management for Utilities
ResourcesBlog
Resources
Case Studies
News & Events
Podcast
CompanyAbout Us
Partners
Customer Support
Contact Us
Get Records Management Resources in Your Inbox
1-800-251-8399
|
info@infolinx.com
Copyright © 2020 Infolinx. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy