https://info.mcquaig.com/privacy-policy
Home
Solutions
Resources
Blog
About
Contact
Demo
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for mcquaig.com and The McQuaig Institute® of Executive Development Ltd.(MIED). Because MIED wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices for your review. If you feel that MIED is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact info@mcquaig.com
MIED has adopted a set of information management guidelines that have been developed with recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, these guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
GDPR Statement Of Compliance
The McQuaig Institute of Executive Development (McQuaig) helps organizations throughout the world meet their hiring and development needs, and given our global coverage we must comply with the local legislation of many countries. The European Union has taken a monumental step in protecting the fundamental right to privacy for every EU resident with the development and implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The GDPR will become effective May 25, 2018 and clarifies how the EU personal data laws apply even beyond the borders of the EU. Any organization that works with EU residents’ personal data in any manner, regardless of location, will have obligations to protect the data.
McQuaig is committed to supporting all clients with their GDPR compliance mandates to protect the privacy and data required for the functioning of our products. McQuaig is committed to providing the right tools and processes to support its users and customers to meet their GDPR commitments.
In addition, as per our Privacy Policy, we have implemented all requirements that adhere to the 10 Fundamental Principles stated in Canada’s 2001 Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
McQuaig has taken every precaution to protect our users’ information through the use of SSL encryption and internal company policies regarding the disclosure of user information. All information sent over the Internet is in an encrypted format.
Links
MIED is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of web sites to which it may link or which may link to it.
Data Collection and Use
Any data collected may be used to analyze demographic information about the entire mcquaig.com audience.
McQuaig On-Line®
If you have been asked to complete a survey, when you access the site through your own, private ID and password, “Protecting You” will explain in full what steps we have taken to protect your information and to adhere to the 10 Fundamental Principles stated in Canada’s 2001 Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Cookies
The site uses cookies for programming flow only and not to gather information from the user’s computer or send information to any other servers. Some of the sites that we link to may use cookies. We have no access to or control over these cookies.
IP Addresses
Through our third party Internet Service Provider mcquaig.com logs IP addresses of visitors for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. IP addresses indicate the physical location of your computer on the Internet and not anything that is personally identifiable.
Security
For McQuaig On-Line, this website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information through the use of SSL encryption and internal company policies regarding the disclosure of user information. All information sent over the Internet is in an encrypted format. However, because the Internet is a new medium to deliver software applications, MIED is not responsible for any delays, data lost, or personal information acquired. Please note that we have taken every means possible to make such events very unlikely.
Further Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealing with this web site, you can contact our Web Site Coordinator at info@mcquaig.com
Home
Our Framework
Clients
Testimonials
Solutions
Hiring
Development
Pricing
Assessments and Features
Resources
Help Center
About
Careers
Mission
History
Blog
Contact
Login
Privacy Policy
15 Toronto Street, Suite 400, Toronto, Ontario, M5C 2E3
1-800-387-5455
info@mcquaig.com
© 2020. McQuaig All Rights Reserved.