http://ingeardrivers.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What personal information does INGEARDRIVERS.com gather from me and how is this information used?
When browsing our site, you are not required to provide any personal information unless and until you choose to make a purchase or sign up for our blog or other services as described below. We do not knowingly permit the site to be used by any person under the age of eighteen and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children (meaning those younger than thirteen years of age).
We value your right to privacy and secure your personal/financial information. No information collected on this web site is shared with a third party.
On-Line Purchasing
All personal information you provide to INGEARDRIVERS.com is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. A valid credit card is required to make a purchase on our site. In order to purchase software or related services through our site, you must provide us with certain personal information such as your name, your credit card number and expiration date, your credit card billing address, your telephone number, your e-mail address, and delivery information. We require this information so that we can process, fulfill and confirm your transactions and keep you informed of each transaction’s status.
Visitor Registration
If you choose to registered with us, you must provide your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, a unique login name, password, and password validation. This information is collected on the registration form for several reasons including: (i) personal identification; (ii) to allow us to contact you for customer service purposes, if necessary; (iii) to customize the content of our site to meet your specific needs; and (iv) to make product improvements to our site. In addition, we need your e-mail address to confirm your registration and each purchase transaction on our site. You may also occasionally receive update notices, special offers, and other noteworthy items. However, you may choose at any time to no longer receive these types of e-mail messages.
Newsletters
Newsletters are optional benefits you may choose to subscribe to that keep you up to date with the latest software updates, new products, and special promotions. At any time, you can unsubscribe from our newsletter or similar services through the “My Account” link and editing your preferences in the My Account section of the homepage
Product Reviews, Forums and Knowledge Base
INGEAR values opinions and comments from it’s customers through the use of Product Reviews, forums, message boards and news groups. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Participation in these surveys is entirely optional.
Automatic Logging of Session Data
We automatically log generic information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, which we call “session data”, that is anonymous and not linked to any personal information. Session data consists of things such as IP address, operating system and type of browser software being used and the activities conducted by the user while on our site. An IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet, such as our web servers, know where to send data back to the user, such as the pages of the site the user wishes to view. We collect session data because it helps us analyze such things as what items visitors are likely to click on most, the way visitors are clicking through the site, how many visitors are surfing to various pages on the site, how long visitors to the site are staying and how often they are visiting. It also helps us diagnose problems with our servers and lets us better administer our systems. Although such information does not identify any visitor personally, it is possible to determine from an IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the approximate geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. There are many myths circulating about cookies, but you should know that cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to do such things as run programs on your computer, plant viruses or harvest your personal information. The use of cookies is very common on the Internet and INGEARS’s use of cookies is similar to that of such sites as Rockwell Automation, and Wonderware, as well as GE-Fanuc and other reputable companies that have an on-line presence.
First and foremost, you can rest assured that no personal information about you is gathered or stored in the cookies placed by the ingeardrivers.com web site and, as a result, none can be passed on to any third parties.
Cookies allow us to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at our site. INGEAR uses cookies to personalize your experience on our site and with respect to advertisements. As to the former, these types of cookies allow you to log in without having to type your log-in name each time (only your password is needed). We may also use such cookies to display an advertisement to you while you are on our website. None of this information is passed to any third party and is used solely by us to provide you with a better user experience on our web site. No personal information about you is gathered through the use of these types of cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. Of course, by changing the options on your web browser or using certain software programs, you can control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your browser. INGEAR supports your right to block any unwanted Internet activity, especially that of unscrupulous websites. However, blocking INGEAR cookies may disable certain features on our site and may make it impossible to purchase or use certain services available on the site. Please note that it is possible to block cookie activity from certain web sites while permitting cookies from sites you trust, like INGEAR.
From time to time we may add or enhance services available on the site. To the extent these services are provided and used by you, we will use the information you provide to facilitate the service requested. For example, if you email us with a question, we will use your email address, name, nature of the question, etc. to respond to your question. We may also store such information to assist us in making the site the better and easier to use.
PRIVACY & DATA PROTECTION POLICY (ADDENDUM)
INGEAR has made a commitment to comply with all privacy and data protection requirements imposed by both the US Department of Commerce and the European Union (“EU”). This includes the recent General Data Protection Regulation. To that end, recipients of our electronic communications who have not affirmatively opted in to receive communications will be given an opportunity to do so. Opt-out links will also be provided in all of our electronic communications and on our site to unsubscribe from future communications.
In order to service our customers and facilitate future communications and interaction with customers and prospects, we collect and store information on our site thru the use of “cookies”. We collect and store only the information required for these purposes. For contacts located in the EU, you will be provided an opportunity to opt into our system by accepting the terms and conditions of both our electronic communications process and website use before we use a “cookie” to collect and store information.
We promise to protect all information collected and stored, and upon request we will provide a complete copy of all information stored for the customer or prospective customer. We will also delete all information stored for marketing purposes, including your IP address, upon receipt of any request to delete the information by clicking this link (http://ingeardrivers.com/sandbox/contact/). INGEAR reserves the right to continue using the deleted stored information for any “lawful basis” , which includes customer collection purposes.
All questions regarding our policy should be directed to admin@ingeardrivers.com