http://ingeniux.com/privacy-policy
Get a demo
Company
Support
Search Results
Privacy
Our Privacy Policy
Ingeniux Corporation ("Ingeniux" "We" "Our" or "Us") operates several websites including Ingeniux.com. Ingeniux is firmly committed to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
The following privacy policy outlines how we gather and distribute information we collect on our websites, referred to in this policy as "our website."
About the Information Ingeniux Collects
GATHERING OF NON-PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Like most website operators, Ingeniux collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Ingeniux's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how visitors use its website. From time to time, Ingeniux may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
GATHERING OF POTENTIALLY PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Ingeniux also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Ingeniux does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Certain visitors to Ingeniux's websites choose to interact with Ingeniux in ways that require Ingeniux to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Ingeniux gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who request a demo provide a company and personal name, phone, and an email address. In each case, Ingeniux collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Ingeniux.
Ingeniux does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities or prevent them from utilizing Ingeniux's services.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS
Ingeniux may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Ingeniux may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Ingeniux does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Ingeniux may post customer testimonials on our website that may contain personal information. Customer testimonials are submitted by the customer either directly to Ingeniux or directly to public-facing review websites and are therefore vetted by the customer prior to publish. Customers may request to have this information deleted or edited at any time.
PUBLIC FORUMS
Ingeniux may offer publicly accessible blogs and community forums. Any information provided by visitors choosing to participate in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who have access to them. A participant may request to have this information deleted or edited.
SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES AND WIDGETS
Ingeniux includes features on our website, such as the Facebook Like button, the social Share button, and other social media features and widgets. These features may collect a visitor's IP address, the page being visited, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
EXTERNAL LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Ingeniux sometimes includes links to third-party sites on our website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites. We are not responsible for information given to us that a visitor authorizes for transfer to third-party sites. Information collected by third-parties, which may include personally-identifying information, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Cookie Policy
WHAT IS A COOKIE?
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
WHAT TYPES OF COOKIES DOES INGENIUX USE?
Ingeniux may use the following types of cookies:
Session Cookies: Cookies that expire once the web browser is closed
Persistent Cookies: Cookies that stay on a visitor's computer until they are deleted
First-Party Cookies: Cookies that are set by Ingeniux to enable certain features and functionality on our website
Third-Party Cookies: Cookies that are set to allow third-parties to have access to certain information collected on our website, e.g., Google Analytics
HOW DOES INGENIUX USE COOKIES?
Ingeniux uses cookies to help identify and track users of our website for the following purposes:
To analyze website traffic
To personalize visitor experiences on our website To provide social media features
To assist with marketing efforts
To facilitate the sign up and login process for our products and resources
HOW TO DISABLE COOKIES
Ingeniux visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers can set their browsers to refuse cookies. You can prevent the setting of cookies by visiting your browser's Help center.
Please note: Disabling cookies will most likely affect the functionality and features of our website, as well as other websites that you visit.
What Ingeniux Does with the Information We Collect
DISCLOSURE OF POTENTIALLY PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING AND PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Ingeniux discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that:
Need to know that information to process it on Ingeniux's behalf
Need to know that information to provide services available within our website
Need to know that information to offer services requested of Ingeniux that Ingeniux does not provide
Have agreed not to disclose it to others
Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may provide processing services in other countries; by using Ingeniux's websites, a visitor consents to the transfer of such information to them for the exclusive purposes noted in this privacy policy.
Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Ingeniux discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Ingeniux believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Ingeniux, third parties, or the public at large.
WEBSITES HOSTED ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMERS
Part of Ingeniux's business involves hosting websites on behalf of customers. Some of these websites may collect personal information. In these cases, the nature and use of the personal information collected is determined by the Ingeniux customer, and Ingeniux will only engage with the customer-related personal information as a Processor based upon contracted services.
COMMUNICATIONS
Registered users of an Ingeniux product who have supplied personally-identifying information (e.g. email address) to Ingeniux may occasionally receive emails from Ingeniux about new features, to solicit feedback, or keep customers informed with what's going on with Ingeniux and our products. Recipients may opt-out of receiving emails from Ingeniux by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of the email.
Individuals who interact with Ingeniux online, provide Ingeniux with personally-identifying information (e.g. email address), or attend an Ingeniux event either in person or online, may occasionally receive emails and other communications from Ingeniux about Ingeniux products and services. Recipients may opt-out of receiving emails from Ingeniux by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of the email. Individuals also have the option of formally requesting either via email or phone call that any and/or all forms of communications cease.
DATA RETENTION
Ingeniux will retain the personal data that it controls for as long as it remains relevant to its processed value to the company, or as long as it is needed to provide customer services.
How Ingeniux Protects the Information We Collect
Ingeniux takes all reasonable measures to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. This includes, but is not limited to, data encryption while at rest and in transit, verification of back-up integrity and security, and gathering of only required data to meet business process requirements.
Ingeniux will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Access to Personal Information
Ingeniux will provide a verified individual with information about whether we hold any of his or her personal information upon request. That individual may request to have this information sent to him or her, deleted, or edited. Ingeniux will comply to the degree possible within restrictions of relevant law or regulation and parameters required to maintain security or functionality for a contracted customer service.
How to Contact Us
Questions regarding our privacy policy or aspects of our security practices may be sent to privacy@ingeniux.com or via postal mail to:
Ingeniux Corporation Re: Privacy PO Box 21466 Seattle, WA 98111-3466
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Ingeniux may change its Privacy Policy based upon its sole discretion. Ingeniux encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Continued use of Ingeniux's websites after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of any such change.
Products
Strategies
Training & Services
Why Ingeniux
Resources
Company
Support
Get a demo
Products
Ingeniux CMS Experience Platform
Ingeniux Digital Portal Platform
Ingeniux Headless API
Ingeniux Technical Content Manager
Platform Features
Deployment
Advantages
Demos and Trials
Pricing
Integrations
Products
Platform Features
Web Content Management
Enterprise Search
Social and Community
Membership and Profiles
Digital Asset Management
Mobile Experience
Web Governance
Multilingual Content
Products
Deployment
SaaS
Azure and AWS
OnPremise
Products
Advantages
Decoupled Architecture
Hybrid Deployment
Intelligent Content
Products
Demos and Trials
Ingeniux CMS Demo
4 Min. Video Tour
Products
Pricing
Pricing and Packages
Products
Integrations
All Integrations
Salesforce.com
oXygen
Strategies
Higher Education Solutions
Intelligent Content
GDPR and Privacy
Web Accessibility
Marketing Automation Alignment
Globalization and Localization
Headless Content API
Content Migration
Training & Services
Software & Developer Training
Implementation Services
Customer Support
360 Program
Partner Program
User Conference
Why Ingeniux
Our Commitment
Our Customers
Our Development Platform
10 Reasons to Choose Ingeniux
The Customer Choice for Web Experience
See what Ingeniux can do for you. Schedule a demo.
Resources
Content Matters Hub
Content Matters Blog
Content Matters Podcast
Digital Asset Management Guide
Intranets and Employee Portals Guide
Headless CMS Platform Overview
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. You can read more about how this website uses cookies and your privacy options in our privacy policy.
Accept