http://injstar.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
PrintemailPDF
The National Catholic Reporter Publishing Co., Inc. (“NCR”) is committed to protecting your privacy. By visiting injstar.com, you agree that your use of our site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
The information we collect falls into two categories: (1) personal information that you provide to us when you register for an e-mail alert, and (2) certain anonymous information that we collect as you navigate through the injstar.com pages.
We may use information: (a) for the purposes for which you specifically provided the information, (b) to send you e-mails only from NCR, (c) to enhance existing features or develop new features, products and services, and (d) to provide advertisers and other third parties with aggregate (non-personally identifiable) information about our user base and usage patterns.
Browser-Level Information and Cookies
When you visit injstar.com, our Web server automatically collects limited information about your computer configuration, such as the type of browser software you use, the operating system you're running and your IP address, and we also use “cookies” to track which pages of our site you visit. This information does not contain your personal information or otherwise tell us who you are. We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible. We use cookies to prevent you from having to re-enter your log-in information each time you visit the site. If you leave NCRonline.org to visit our advertisers’ Web sites, some of those advertisers also may place cookies on your computer. We don't have access to those cookies or to any information they contain, and the use and collection of your information by such third-party advertisers is governed by the advertiser’s Privacy Policy, which may be different from ours. Because cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our Web site, you can set your browser to decline cookies and can delete them from your computer. However, if you don't accept cookies, you may need to re-enter your log-in information each time you visit our site, and you may not be able to take advantage of various features on our site that are available to other visitors.
Aggregate Information Used to Serve and Target Ads
We may aggregate the information we collect from our users and use this anonymous, aggregated information to target ads on our site. (For example, we may use this information to tell advertisers the age range, gender composition, and geographic location of the audience the advertisers will be reaching.) When we aggregate your information, no specific personal information is included, and you cannot be identified from this aggregate information.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties on our site – for example, in a post, comment, classified ad or on other areas of our site – that information can be seen, collected and used by anyone who visits the site. We cannot control and therefore cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information. Please respect the privacy of others by not posting their personal information on our site without their permission.
Disclosure of Information
We respect information about our customers and we are not in the business of selling it to others. injstar.com will not rent, sell, or share your personal information with unaffiliated companies or people except (1) as necessary to provide you with products or services you've requested, (2) when we have your permission, or (3) as follows:
• We may disclose your personal information to trusted partners who work on behalf of injstar.com under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help us serve you. However, these companies are not allowed to share this information or to use it for their own purposes.
• We may disclose your personal information when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Community Agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of members of the injstar.com community, other visitors to our site, our advertisers and other customers, the public, or NCR and its employees.
• In the event that injstar.com or some or all of our assets are acquired by another company, information about our users may be among the transferred assets.
Links to Other Sites
injstar.com, and users who post information on injstar.com, may provide links to third-party Web sites whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another site, use of any information you provide is governed by the Privacy Policy of the operator of the site you're visiting.
Archiving and Storage
All injstar.com postings may be stored in our database, even after deletion from the site. Our Web logs and other records may be stored indefinitely. In addition, search engines and other sites not affiliated with injstar.com may cache or archive postings from injstar.com, and may make such postings available for viewing on their sites. (For example, some search engines take a snapshot of each Web page examined by the search engine as it crawls the Web, and may cache these pages as a backup in case the original page is unavailable. Search engine users can view the cached pages simply by clicking on the “cached” link.) We have no control over this.
Security
injstar.com has taken steps to protect the confidentiality of the personal information it collects from members of the injstar.com community. Information we gather on injstar.com is stored within injstar.com-controlled databases (or databases hosted on our behalf) on servers maintained in protected environments, and we limit access to your personal information to injstar.com employees who we believe need to see that information to provide you with services or otherwise do their jobs. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that the information that you supply to us won't be intercepted during transmission over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this Web site and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the NCRonline.org Web site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
PrintemailPDF
About NCR
CompanyMission and ValuesStaff and Board of DirectorsJob OpportunitiesVolunteer OpportunitiesNewspaperEditorial GuidelinesAwardsWebsitePrivacy PolicyTerms of UseUser GuidelinesDonate to NCRView Form 990View Form 990-T