https://inoxoft.com/privacy-policy/
Inoxoft https://inoxoft.com/privacy-policy/Privacy policy
Request for proposal
Name
E-mail
Project description
Privacy policy
Inoxoft values the confidentiality of your information that is why our privacy policy is oriented at the client’s data safety. We protect the information provided through this website according to the following stances of Inoxoft privacy policy.
We work in a B2B mode which means that we collect the information on an aggregate level and do not collect the client data.
What data is collected during the client visit?
While browsing our site – www.inoxoft.com, we may collect three types of data:
Aggregate consumer data – number of visits per web page or per week.
Customer data directly provided by the very client (contact information and name) in the fill-in forms and filled out forms in e-mail messages.
The web pages that you open while navigating the site.
Inoxoft cares about the customer’s information
All information that you indicate at the site is provided directly to the Inoxoft exclusively with no third parties.
External links on Inoxoft website
Our site contains the links to the external websites that belong to the third parties and do not fall under the Inoxoft governance. Any information you provide to the external link websites would fall under their own principles of the privacy policy. Inoxoft does not claim any responsibility for the procedures related to the data handling on the independent sites.
What do we do with your information?
Inoxoft does not share any information provided by the client with the third parties. This is how Inoxoft uses your information:
We use the information that you provide directly to respond to your requests.
All information that we take from the e-mail communication, along with the clicks from the hyperlinks and subscriptions, is used to reconstruct the further communication to your preferences.
Such data as the one collected from the website visits per week and per month is used by our develop ers to refine the user experience.
Privacy policy revisions
The Inoxoft privacy policy is regularly revised and the company can modify it with no prior notification.
The changes turn effective as soon as they are posted on this page. Using the Inoxoft website, you indicate that you accept and understand the terms and conditions of the Inoxoft privacy policy posted at the time of use.
Thank you. Your message has been send. We will give you an answer soon.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are agree to our privacy policy.Agree