http://insanely-great.com/privacy.html
Insanely Great Mac Privacy Statement
Insanely Great Mac respects the privacy of its readers. As Internet users ourselves,
we respect the need for individual's privacy on the Internet. This privacy statement
declares how Insanely Great Mac collects and uses data collected through use of its
publication.
Insanely Great Mac will not sell, share or distribute submitted or collected information
outside of the company or any parent or subsidiary companies. If the company receives
a request for information on individuals by law enforcement agents or legal representatives,
Insanely Great Mac will comply with such requests where deemed necessary.
Possible submitted information may include, but is not limited to, names, addresses,
phone number, e-mail addresses or other personal information. All information submitted
to Insanely Great Mac becomes property of the company. Specific stored user information
may be removed at any time in writing.
How Insanely Great Mac Collects Data
- Web Usage: Insanely Great Mac maintains activity logs of various types. When an
individual accesses our servers, a footprint is left indicating some specifics of
the individuals and their computer's configuration and location. This information
is gathered for various purposes and is archived indefinitely.
- Cookies: Insanely Great Mac reserves the right to use browser cookies throughout
its service. A Web browser cookie is an identification tool used by web services
to track usage. Typical use of cookies include log-in procedures for features or
advertising. Cookie technology enables the company to better serve its readers and
advertisers. While Insanely Great Mac may use cookies to track activities, in no
way will the company attempt to physically identify, cross reference or correlate
identities of individuals through use of cookies.
- Mailing Lists: Insanely Great Mac maintains a number of e-mail lists. The public
e-mail lists are used exclusively by the request of users. Under no circumstances
will individuals receive unsolicited access to these public lists. Insanely Great
Mac maintains and archives individuals names and e-mail addresses for these lists.
Individuals may be removed from the lists by following their respective removal procedures.
- Forums: Insanely Great Mac maintains public user forums. These forums contain posts
of individuals participating in various discussions. The forums record the users
names, e-mail address, computer IP (Internet Protocol) addresses and any other information
the user may submit. Any information posted to public forums is made available to
the general public. Insanely Great Mac is not responsible for moderating or protecting
content within public forums.
- Contests/Giveaways: Insanely Great Mac occasionally sponsors contests or giveaways.
Typically to enter, individuals will need to submit information. Unless specified,
all entries will be destroyed after the contest ends.
- Syndicated Content and External Links: Insanely Great Mac maintains links to syndicated
materials and materials maintained by other entities. Insanely Great Mac is not responsible
for content found on these links. Any concerns of privacy or usage with services
found on external links or syndicated content should be addressed to the respective
parties.
While Insanely Great Mac takes reasonable efforts to secure its data, the company
does not guarantee data's safety or security in the event of natural, malicious,
illegal or other unanticipated activity.
Insanely Great Mac may update or modify this statement at any time. After said alterations,
subsequent use of Insanely Great Mac services constitutes further compliance of this
statement. This document can be viewed at any time at www.insanely-great.com/privacy.html.
Questions or comments about this document should be addressed to
Document History - Revision 1.2: April 17, 2001.