https://insitefulweb.com/privacy-policy-gdpr/
Insiteful Solutions Privacy Policy
We at Insiteful Solutions are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our Websites (www.insitefulweb.com). This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website.
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification.
While we will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at info@insitefulweb.com or by mail to Insiteful Solutions, 610 Alden Road, Unit 109, Markham, Ontario, L3R 9Z1, Attn: Privacy.
Information We Collect
How We Use Information We Collect
How we Share Information we Collect
Cookies and Similar Technologies
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
1. Information We Collect
When You Visit our Websites
You are free to explore the Websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself. When you visit the Website we do not request any Personal Information about yourself, we only collect information if you fill out our contact form http://insitefulweb.com/contact-us/
“Personal Information”
This refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
Information About Children
The Website is not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at info@insitefulweb.com, so that we may delete the information.
2. How We Use Information We Collect
Compliance with Our Privacy Policy
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We Never Sell Personal Information
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to:
send information or Insiteful Solutions website content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business;
promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences;
send information to you regarding changes to our Privacy Policy
Legal basis for processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor/customer located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Insiteful Solutions is the data controller of your personal information. Insiteful Solution’s Data Protection Officer can be contacted at info@insitefulweb.com
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Use of Navigational Information
We use Navigational Information to operate and improve the Website.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer’s consent via email prior to posting the customer’s name and testimonial.
Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
Retention of Personal Information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information. As described in further detail below.  After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Information that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as long as is required in order to contact you about our other services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we securely delete the information or anonymise it or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “To Unsubscribe from Our Communcations” below.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
3. How we Share Information we Collect
Corporate Events
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Insiteful Solutions. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.
Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
4. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies
Insiteful Solutions use cookies or similar technologies (such as web Google Analytics) to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our Websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see our Cookie Policy.
5. How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information
You have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.)
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@instiefulweb.com or by mail to Insiteful Solutions, 610 Alden Road Unit #109, Markham Ontario, L3R 9Z1, Attention: Privacy. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email us at info@insitefulweb.com or postal mail to Insiteful Solutions, 610 Alden Road Unit #109, Markham Ontario, L3R 9Z1, Attention: Privacy. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or the Subscription Service.
To Unsubscribe from Our Customers’ Communications
Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. You can unsubscribe from our customers’ marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
Contact
Insiteful Solutions
610 Alden Road, Unit 109
Markham, Ontario, L3R 9Z1
Search for:
Latest Posts
Insiteful Solutions – Here to Help During this Difficult Time
The Importance of Online Marketing During COVID-19
Online Scheduling Insiteful Solutions
The Power of Social Media During a Crisis
Categories
Graphics
Online / Content Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media
Uncategorised
Web Design
Archives
October 2020
August 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
January 2020
September 2019
May 2019
February 2019
January 2019
September 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
November 2017
August 2017
June 2017
May 2017
March 2017
December 2016
August 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
November 2015
August 2015
June 2015
May 2015
February 2015
January 2015