https://insitefulweb.com/cookie-policy/
COOKIE POLICY
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND WHY DO WE USE THEM?
Cookies are small text files that are placed onto your computer by websites and/or applications that you visit. Cookies are used to help us improve your experience when using our websites – for example, storing your preferred language setting for the next time you visit.
The information we collect from cookies enables us to:
Tailor our websites to your personal needs
Remember the notifications that you have been shown, so that you are not shown them again
Make improvements and updates to our websites based on the way you want to use them
We generally do not use cookies to identify you personally.
WHAT KIND OF COOKIES DO WE USE?
We use the following categories of cookies:
Category 1: necessary cookies
Necessary cookies enable you to use our websites and all their features, such as enabling access to secure areas of the website. Without these cookies you may not be able to use all the features of our websites.
Category 2: performance cookies
Performance cookies collect information about how you use our websites so we can improve them for you in future. For example, they collect information on which pages you visit most often and any error messages you may get. The information collected by these cookies is anonymous. They do not collect any information that can identify you personally.
Google Analytics (universal): we are using Google Universal Analytics to monitor our website performances and check visitor activities to adapt our content based on their expectations
Category 3: functionality cookies
Functionality cookies enable us to provide you with a more personalized experience. They help us to remember data, such as your username and language preference, to save you having to enter them again the next time you visit. The information these cookies collect is anonymous. They cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Category 4: targeting/advertising cookies
We and our service providers may use advertising cookies to deliver ads that we believe are relevant to you and your interests.
For example, we may use targeting or advertising cookies to customize the advertising and content you receive on our websites, to limit the number of times you see the same ad on our websites and to help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
Facebook Pixel: we use Facebook pixel tracking to measure social media campaign efficiency related to the Facebook platform
Google Adwords (conversion): we use Google Adwords cookies to customize the advertising and content you see for our website, limit the number of ads you see for our website, and measure the effectiveness of our campaign
Google Adwords (remarketing): we use Google Adwords remarketing cookies to collect data about your activities when you visit our websites, the website of entities who serve our ads (advertisers), or the website and online services where we display ads
Bing Ads (News): we use Bing Ad cookies to record the completion of transactions you make on our websites
Google Adwords and Bing Ads cookies may be used to customize the advertising and content you see in our websites. These cookies will be used to provide relevant Ads about our services and are intended to improve the customer experience across Insiteful Solutions Website. No Personally Identifiable information is stored in any of the platforms mentioned above.
Category 5: social media cookies
Insiteful Solutions use third-party cookies from social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to track social network users when they visit our websites, by using a tagging mechanism provided by those social networks. These cookies can also be used for event tracking and remarketing purposes. Any data collected with these tags will be used in accordance with the Insiteful Solutions privacy policy and with the social network’s privacy policies. Insiteful Solutions will not collect or store any personally identifiable information from the user.
LinkedIn: we use LinkedIn tracking to measure social media campaign efficiency related to the LinkedIn platform
Twitter: we use Twitter tracking to measure social media campaign efficiency related to the twitter platform
Details of how you can opt out of accepting these cookies are found in the following links:
Twitter
Linkedin
HOW CAN YOU MANAGE YOUR COOKIE SETTINGS?
To ensure you get the best possible experience when visiting our websites, we recommend that you accept cookies. However, you can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies) by clicking on the “cookie settings” button.
Search for:
Latest Posts
Insiteful Solutions – Here to Help During this Difficult Time
The Importance of Online Marketing During COVID-19
Online Scheduling Insiteful Solutions
The Power of Social Media During a Crisis
Categories
Graphics
Online / Content Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media
Uncategorised
Web Design
Archives
October 2020
August 2020
June 2020
May 2020
April 2020
March 2020
January 2020
September 2019
May 2019
February 2019
January 2019
September 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
November 2017
August 2017
June 2017
May 2017
March 2017
December 2016
August 2016
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
November 2015
August 2015
June 2015
May 2015
February 2015
January 2015