http://intellicad.org/privacy-policy
About Membership
Join the ITC
Membership Benefits
Membership Fees
API Membership Agreement
Commercial Membership Agreement
Member Products
Success Stories
Accident Reconstruction
Building Information Modeling
ArCADiasoft
4M CAD
MiTek Right-CAD HVAC
Civil/Survey
Carlson Software
MicroSurvey Software
Forensic Evidence Capture
Interior Design
Machine Automation
Manufacturing and Fabrication
General CAD Engine
ActCAD
ProgeCAD
ZWCAD
About ITC
About ITC
Our Technology
IntelliCAD Platform
IntelliCAD Special Interest Groups
Building Information Modeling SIG
DGN Editor SIG
Mobile Platform SIG
User Interface SIG
Automated Testing Framework
Crash Reporting Framework
Services
About IntelliCAD
Connect
Contact
Careers
Support
Blog
Login
Member Login
Member Admin Login
Privacy Policy
We Take Your Privacy Seriously
The privacy of your personal information is important to The IntelliCAD Technology Consortium (the “ITC”). It is our desire to empower you to choose what personal information you share and with whom. This Privacy Policy is intended to be a general statement that describes how we collect, use, and process personal information you provide via intellicad.org and the IntelliCAD application. We strive to collect, use, and disclose personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we collect personal information. This Privacy Policy applies only to intellicad.org and the IntelliCAD application.
What we CollectWe collect information from you when you send us an email, fill out a form, enter information on our site, submit feedback, submit crash reports, submit benchmark reports, or create a user account at intellicad.org in order to download software, subscribe to email newsletters/blogs, or enroll in ITC promotions or programs. Depending on the above circumstance, we may collect and store on our servers the following:
Name and job title.
Company name and address.
Contact information including email address and phone number.
Device information, the type of device you use, and operating system version.
What we do with the Information we GatherWe may use the personal information you provide to us in one of the following ways:
Allow us to contact you.
Fulfill requests you make and provide and solutions.
To make our sites and applications easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
To provide secure access to the ITC’s software.
Internal record keeping.
To create enhancements, fix bugs, or resolve application crashes you have reported.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and other new services from the ITC.
If you are visiting the website from outside the United States, please be aware that you may be sending information to the United States where our servers may be located. We may share your information outside the EEA and have the below protective procedures in place.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
Confidentiality and SecurityWe use technical, organizational, physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the personal information we receive against loss, misuse, and unauthorized alteration and to protect its confidentiality. We regularly review our security procedures and consider appropriate new security technology and methods. We also use current encryption technology to encrypt the transmission of data on our log-in pages. However, because we cannot guarantee the complete security of these encryption technologies, please use caution when submitting personal information online.
User Profile at intellicad.org
Every registered user has a unique personal profile. Each profile is associated with a unique user name and password, which help us ensure that only you can access your account information. When you register, we create your profile with the user name you choose, assign a temporary password, and email this information to the email address provided. When you visit intellicad.org, you will be prompted to sign in when accessing restricted content. When you sign in you may opt for automatic sign in on future visits. In this case, your account information is sent back to your hard drive in the form of a cookie, which is a very small bit of code. This code is uniquely yours. It enables seamless travel across intellicad.org, allowing you to access areas that require authorization without having to sign in. If you switch computers, you will need to sign in again. If you forget your password, you may enter your user name and email address in the Recover Password form to identify yourself and we will send the password to the email on record.
Passive Data Collection: Cookies, Tracking, etc.
When you visit our website(s), our servers may collect information that your web browser sends any time you visit a website. This information may include, but is not limited to, your browser type, your operating system, your language preference, any referring web page you were visiting before you came to our website, the date and time of each visitor request, and information you search for on our sites. We also use cookies which are small files which ask permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the cookie then enables us to recognize your browser in order to capture and remember certain information, as well as analyze web traffic. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Choosing to disable cookies may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. You can change your web browser settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
We also utilize third party analytics tools, such as HubSpot Analytics, to gather anonymous information designed to help us gain insight into how customers interact with and use our website(s). You can opt out of this by contacting us, see contact information below.
Third-Party Links
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third-party sites. For your own protection, you should review the policies of other sites to ensure they meet your personal privacy expectations.
Your Right to Access, Correct, and Delete Information
You have the right to request access to the information we have on you. You can do this by contacting us at the below. Upon request, we will provide you with a copy of the data we have on you. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
If you believe the information we have on you is incorrect, you have the right to contact us and request an update to keep your information accurate. Any information that is no longer needed for the purposes outlined above will be deleted. If at any point you wish us to delete information about you, you can contact us at the below. Please note, upon doing so, our client relationship with you may be altered.
Future Changes to Privacy Policy
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and may change, modify, add, or remove portions as needed. If we change this Privacy Policy in ways that affect how we use your personal information, we will notify you here or in a notice on our home page. We will also update the revision date at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time to remain informed of any changes.
Contact Us
For further assistance, you may contact the ITC at:
IntelliCAD Customer Support, Privacy Officer 10260 SW Greenburg Rd. Suite 400 Portland, OR, USA 97223Phone: +1-503-293-7655Fax: +1-503-293-7657Email: info@intellicad.org
Your Consent
By using our websites and the IntelliCAD application, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use
You can review the Terms of Use for intellicad.org by clicking here >.
Effective Date
This version of this Agreement became effective on July 16, 2018.
Contact
IntelliCAD Technology Consortium10260 SW Greenburg Road, Suite 400Portland, Oregon 97223Call us: 1-503-293-7655Fax: 1-503-293-7657Email: press@intellicad.org
From Our Blog
Subscribe
Connect With Us
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE