https://integralvision.co.uk/category/is-your-website-legal/
Accessibility Information and Accesskeys | Skip navigation
Latest Post
System Status All systems are running normally.
Support Articles Search Engine Optimisation
e-marketing
Social Media
Spam & Viruses
Is your website legal?
e-commerce
Email Help
Client Area Pages Client Home
Pay Invoice
Webmail
Service360
Contact Support
Current System Status
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Server Monitoring with Livewatch.de
home
about us
services
support
client area
contact us
Integralvision Web Design Support
Support
“It would seem I am doomed never to meet Ranger Ralph because of the life threatening hazards that I encounter along the way, but it’s great fun and only resulted in minor swearwords being yelled and my arrow keys are only partially bruised. Fabulous, love it we want MORE! “
— ANON, Dartmoor National Park Authority
We have provided below some posts to help you check some of the legal aspects of running a business website.
Below is some general notes on how small businesses might deal with the new GDRP requirements. This page is not legal advice regardng the new GDPR regulations. It is designed to provide our clients with a few scenarios that may apply to them, along with some possible solutions.
As a result of an update in 2007 to the legislation of the 1985 Companies Act, every company is now required to list relevant company details on its website or face penalties.
Web sites are govenened by a wide range of UK and EU laws including Data Protection, Distance Selling Regulations, Copyright Law and the Disability Discrimination Act.
On 26th May 2012 the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) began enforcing an EU directive from May 2011 designed to protect internet users’ privacy. Under the revised Regulations the legal requirement is not just to provide clear information about the cookies, but also to obtain consent from users or subscribers to store a cookie on their device.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're OK with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept / Read More