https://integralvision.co.uk/privacy/
Accessibility Information and Accesskeys | Skip navigation
Service Status
System Status All systems are running normally.
Support Articles Search Engine Optimisation
e-marketing
Social Media
Spam & Viruses
Is your website legal?
e-commerce
Email Help
Client Area Pages Client Home
Pay Invoice
Webmail
Service360
Contact Support
Current System Status
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Server Monitoring with Livewatch.de
home
about us
services
support
client area
contact us
Integralvision Client Area for support and advice
Client Area
“Your work has been invaluable to the incredible success of the project and you have been a constant delight to work with!”
— Gillian Woodland, Broadband4Devon
Below we provide information about privacy on the Integralvision web site. We want all our customers to be confident using our site, particularly regarding the use of personal information.
Integralvision is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our clients and those showing an interest in our services. All information is collected and processed in accordance with the UK’s Data Protection Act 1998.
The EU cookie law
A new EU cookie law (e-Privacy Directive) which applies to how we use cookies and similar technologies for storing information on a user’s equipment such as their computer or mobile device changed on 26 May 2011 and is now incorporated into the UK’s Data Protection Act.
According to the The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) website, “Cookies or similar devices must not be used unless the subscriber or user of the relevant terminal equipment:
(a) is provided with clear and comprehensive information about the purposes of the storage of, or access to, that information; and
(b) has given his or her consent.
The ICO also states that:
“implied consent is a valid form of consent and can be used in the context of compliance with the revised rules on cookies. If you are relying on implied consent you need to be satisfied that your users understand that their actions will result in cookies being set. Without this understanding you do not have their informed consent.”
Our website clearly states that our site uses cookies and that by continuing using our website cookies that you are consenting to this. We provide below information about the use of cookies on the Integralvision Website and how to change your cookie settings.
Use of cookies on the Integralvision Website
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by most websites. These cookies used by our website are completely safe and secure and will never contain any sensitive information. They are widely used in order to provide functionality to websites, or to help them work more efficiently. For example, to remember what you added to a shopping cart, keep you logged in from page to page, etc..
Cookies used on the Integralvision website are limited to PHP Sessions and Google Analytics.
You can recognise cookies set by our site by going into the Internet Options or Preferences of your browser and looking under Privacy / Cookies. If you have never deleted your cookies you might see a very long list. If you look through you will find entries for our website. You can see what the cookie contains (normally just a string of numbers and letters). You can also see when that cookie expires.
If you would prefer not to let our website store cookies in your browser, you can do so by changing your cookie preferences using your web browser’s Internet Options or Preferences. Please note: Blocking cookies might prevent some webpages from displaying correctly or remove functionality.
PHP Sessions
A PHP “session” is the time that a user spends on a website. This allows for functionality to be carried across a “session”, even if you visit another site in between. PHP sessions are necessary for the functionality of the site. Session cookies will automatically be removed from your browser after a short time, normally 30 minutes after you leave a site.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to understand how visitors use our site and to help us improve things. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Anonymous information about visitors to our website is sent to our private Google Analytics Account. Integralvision does not share this information with any third party including Google. We specifically do not partake in Google “benchmarking” scheme.
To find out more about Google Analytics and Cookies see: https://developers.google.com/analytics
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit ww.google.com/gaoptout.
Third Party Cookies
Third party cookies may be set by websites providing embed content on our website such as embedded video from Vimeo or YouTube, or Share Buttons used to interact with social media. Integralvision does not control the setting of third party cookies and you should check with the relevant third party website for more information about these.
Security Data Capture
To protect our website we install various Security Software. For them to do their job they need to temporarily capture basic data to identify visitors. This is primarily the IP address of the visitor (normally one supplied by your broadband supplier in a form like 192.168.0.1). Please note that traditionally all websites keep logs of visits which also collects your IP address. They are normally rotated (deleted) fairly often to save space.
Our website uses a SSL security Certificate. You can see the green Padlock in the Address Bar. This means that data sent via the website contact form is encrypted. We protect all personal data using Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
After four years of preparation and debate the GDPR was finally approved by the EU Parliament on 14 April 2016. Enforcement date: 25 May 2018 – at which time those organisations in non-compliance may face heavy fines.
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all EU citizens data privacy and to reshape the way organisations across the region (including the UK) approach data privacy.
We will be updating our Privacy Policy to reflect GDPR shortly.
You can review the Data Protection Principles at www.informationcommissioner.gov.uk
If you have any concerns about privacy matters on our website please contact us at privacy@integralvision.co.uk
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're OK with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept / Read More
Privacy
Terms and Conditions