https://interconnectsolutions.com/terms
Skip to content
ProductsSolutions
Contract Manufacturing
Custom Wire & Cable AssemblyComplex Interconnects & HarnessesElectro-Mechanical Assembly
Custom Overmolded Solutions
Custom Overmolded Cable AssemblyEncapsulated PCB & CircuitsMolded Strain Reliefs
Overmold Tooling & DesignCase Studies
Industries
AerospaceMilitary & DefenseMedicalIndustrialTechnology
About
NewsCompanyQualityCEO’s Message
ContactOvermolded Solutions
909.203.1121Contract Manufacturing
714.556.7007
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. By accessing and using the information in this Website (iscengineering.com) and overmoldtooling.com, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you should not use this Website. ISC Engineering, LLC (ISC) may revise these terms and conditions from time to time without notice by updating this posting.
ISC maintains this Website as a service to Internet users. ISC invites the Internet community to browse and use this Website for the purpose of personal entertainment, information, education and communication to ISC.
The entire content (images and text) of this Website is copyrighted and may not be distributed, downloaded, modified, reused, reposted or otherwise used, except as provided herein, without the express written permission of ISC. You may download content only for your personal, non-commercial use.
ISC will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date content in this Website. All product information contained in the Website including illustrations, specifications and dimensions, is believed to be reliable as of the date of uploading of content to the Website, but is subject to change without notice. Nevertheless, ISC makes no warranty or representation as to its accuracy. Content in this Website may contain technical inaccuracies, typographical errors and may be changed or updated without notice. ISC may also make improvements and/or changes to the products and/or to the programs described in the content at any time without notice. Current sales drawings and specifications may be available upon request.
Therefore, you agree that all access and use of this Website and its content is at your own risk. Neither ISC nor any party involved in creating, producing or delivering this Website shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access, use or inability to access or use this Website or any errors or omissions in its content.
Privacy Policy
ISC considers your personal data to be private and confidential, and we operate this Site by keeping any collected information confidential because your privacy is important to us. ISC collects only mailing address information to facilitate the distribution of its own product catalogs to its customers. ISC does not release information about its customers to any other company, individual or group. ISC only uses personal data about its customers for internal use to help it better serve its customers’ needs. Access to customer information is restricted to authorized ISC personnel who have a need for these records.
However, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, ISC is not responsible for the security or privacy of any information transmitted via the Internet. For more private communication, of course, you may also contact us by telephone or fax at our telephone and fax numbers listed elsewhere in this Site. ISC disclaims all responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses that may enter electronic files accessible through this Site and which may subsequently affect a user’s computer system.
If at any time you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please notify us by E-mail at mail@iscengineering.com or by the telephone and fax numbers listed in the main section of this Site. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct a problem if one exists. This Site and all of its contents are: Copyright © 2018, ISC Engineering,LLC. All rights reserved.
Miscellaneous
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A. and shall apply without regard to the conflicts of law principles of such state. The user of this Site consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of California with respect to any disputes which may arise in connection with the use of this Site or the information and products available hereunder. Any and all such disputes shall be brought in the State of California, County of Los Angeles, U.S.A.
If any part of these Terms and Conditions is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth herein, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall continue in effect.
By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you agree to defend and indemnify ISC and its Affiliates and hold them harmless from and against any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses), relating to or arising from your use of this Site or any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions.
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between the user or customer and ISC with respect to the subject matter hereof, this Site and the information available in connection herewith, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user or customer and ISC relating to such matters (unless ISC has entered into a separate written agreement with a customer or user concerning ISC products, in which case such separate written agreement shall continue in full force and effect until terminated as provided therein). No waiver by ISC of any right under or with respect to these Terms and Conditions will be deemed to be either a waiver of any other such right or provision or a waiver of that same right or provision at any other time. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions and of any related notice or communication given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms and Conditions to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Returns / Refunds
Returns
Customer must notify ISC Engineering within 30 days from date of shipment of any defective product. (See ISC Engineering’s LIMITED WARRANTY for further information.) Returns are normally accepted when completed within 30 days of the ship date. If ISC Engineering agrees to accept a return, return freight charges, and any re-stocking charges must be prepaid by customer. ISC Engineering will not accept COD shipments. Contact a sales representative for a Return Materials Authorization Number and addressing instructions prior to returning product. No product shipped without ISC Engineering Authorization will be received. The foregoing statements concerning Returns do not apply to NON-CANCELABLE/NON-RETURNABLE PRODUCTS. (See the NON-CANCELABLE/NON-RETURNABLE PRODUCTS section in these terms.)
Shipping Policy
Please note that all ISC Engineering custom cables, unless specifically agreed to in writing, are subject to a shipping variance of (+/-) 5% on all orders. Orders for quantities of 100pcs or less, may have a variance of up to (+/-)10%.
You can trust that your order will be quickly processed and safely delivered. We can ship products anywhere in the United States using the shipping method of your choice. When you place an order we will estimate delivery dates based upon the availability of your item(s), shipping method selected and your shipments destination. Our shipping charges are determined by the total dollar amount of your order, excluding applicable sales tax. Some products cannot be shipped to international destinations so please submit a message to us from the Contact Us page if you would like to discuss international ordering options. All shipments will go ground unless otherwise requested. Customers may bill shipping charges directly to their UPS, Fedex or DHL accounts. FOB point is Chino, Ca.
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, disclosed to third parties or reused without your permission. Any information you give to us will be held with care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
Limited Warranty
A limited warranty applies to ISC products. ISC warrants that each ISC product sold by it is in substantial conformance with applicable ISC specifications, drawings, samples, or data in effect on the date of receipt of the order, and that each unit is free from material defects in material and workmanship. ISC’s liability under this warranty is limited to the repair or replacement of the defective product, or the refund of its original purchase price at ISC’s option, within 30 days from the original date of shipment of any unit which proves to be materially defective in material or workmanship under normal use or service, provided the unit is promptly returned at purchaser’s expense to ISC’s shipping point. Except as stated above, no material is accepted for analysis, replacement or repair without the written agreement of ISC.
Except for this express warranty, all information, services and products are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, no infringement of intellectual property or fitness for any particular purpose. in no event shall ISC, its subsidiaries or affiliates, or their respective employees, directors, officers, partners, stockholders, agents, representatives or suppliers (collectively “affiliates”) be liable directly or indirectly for any loss or damages whatsoever (including without limitation any costs of repairs, any lost profits, damages for business interruption, or any other direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages of any kind, whether based upon express or implied warranty, contract, tort, negligence of whatever degree, strict liability or any other legal theory), arising directly or indirectly out of or in connection with information or services or the design, manufacture, sale, delivery, delay, use, or repair of the products or otherwise, even if ISC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or of liability for certain types of damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you, in which case ISC and its affiliates limit their liability for any loss or damages to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, total liability of ISC for any reason whatsoever related to use of this site or any products or information shall not exceed total amounts paid by user or customer to ISC in connection with the subject matter of the dispute, in which case such liability shall constitute ISC’s sole liability to user or customer.
All of the product information included on this site, including any related illustrations and documentation which may be provided by ISC, is believed to be accurate at the time of printing, however, ISC makes no warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and it disclaims any liability regarding its use or application. Accordingly, it is recommended that purchasers or users independently evaluate the suitability of each product for its intended application. ISC may make changes to such information, or to the products described or referenced herein, at any time without notice and makes no commitment to update such information or products.
Customer Furnished Materials
As standard policy, ISC does not perform a physical count of customer furnished materials at incoming receiving. We verify the count by estimating contents and box counts, and note that on the packing slip. In the event we estimate a large discrepancy, we typically notify our customer.
At time of shipment of products to our customers, we do a physical count, and those quantities are noted on our invoice documents. In the event that any count discrepancies are beyond our customers’ expectations we can add physical counts at incoming. There will additional charges for this depending on product type. ISC receives a wide range of customer furnished materials as a result of our broad service offering so it is important for ISC to clearly define this procedure.
The overmolding process has inherent set up requirements, and dependent on product type, overmolded parts may have process failures. In the case of customer furnished materials for molding, these yields may vary, dependent on lot size and other variables. ISC is providing molding services and parts that may not be reworked in molding, due to electrical or cosmetic reasons are identified as defective, and tagged prior to shipment to the customer. These parts are charged at the quoted rate. In the event that yields are unacceptable, we will work with you to optimize the yields to minimize loss due to these factors.