http://integralds.com/corporate/privacy.htm
Privacy
Integral Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to Integral.
We want you to feel secure
when visiting our site and we are committed to maintaining your
privacy. The following answers to frequently-asked-questions provide
an overview of how we protect your privacy during your visit.
What information do we gather?
Information on INTEGRALds.com is gathered in two ways: (1)
indirectly (for example, through our site's technology); and (2)
directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages
of INTEGRALds.com).
One example of information we collect indirectly is through our
Internet access logs. When you access INTEGRALds.com, your Internet
address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet
access logs.
INTEGRALds.com does not use cookies to track
information.
We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us.
Throughout our site, we provide the opportunity to request additional
information or participate in an online survey. When we collect this
type of information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for
information and how this information will be used. It is completely
up to you whether or not you want to provide it.
How do we use this information?
We analyze it to determine what is most effective about our site,
to help us identify ways to improve it, and to determine how we can
tailor INTEGRALds.com to make it more effective. We may also use data
for other purposes, which we always describe to you at the point we
collect the information.
With whom may the information be shared?
Integral does not share information with any outside entity, but
uses it for internal use only, to provide better tools and resources
for you.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
Offering information on INTEGRALds is your choice. The only
information that we collect through your implicit, not explicit,
consent, is your Internet address and information on how you navigate
the site. Your navigation choices are added with those of other users
to allow us to analyze web trends, and to provide a better web
site.
What kind of security procedures are in place
to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under
Integral control?
Integral protects data by creating an industry standard method of
authorizing system administrator access. Data is backed-up on a
regular maintenance schedule to prevent loss. Since we do not share
information with any outside entities, and because our systems use
protective firewalls, data is protected against misuse or alteration.
How can you access, correct, or update your information?
You can contact the Integral webmaster at
, who will provide all information that Integral has collected, and a means to correct
or update your information.
We are committed to protecting your privacy, and in creating a
valuable resource for you. If you have any questions now or during
your visit, please contact us via our webmaster at
.
About INTEGRAL
|
Privacy
|
Legal
|
Contact
|
© 2014 Integral Data Solutions. All rights reserved.