https://intertechnology.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Providing More Than The Product Since 1968
An ISO 9001:2015 Registered Company
English | Français
homeabout usproductsmanufacturersnewscontact usprivacyemploymentrequest quote
Privacy Policy
As of February 28, 2005
Intertechnology Inc. recognizes the importance of privacy and the sensitivity of personal information. Intertechnology Inc. is committed to protecting any personal information it holds. The Privacy Policy outlines how Intertechnology Inc. manages your personal information and safeguards your privacy.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
From January 1, 2004, all businesses engaged in commercial activities must comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and the Canadian Standards Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information, which it incorporates. The Act gives you rights concerning the privacy of your personal information.
Intertechnology Inc. is responsible for the personal information it collects and holds. To ensure this accountability, Intertechnology Inc. has developed this policy, and trained its staff about these policies and practices.
WHY DOES INTERTECHNOLOGY INC. NEED PERSONAL INFORMATION
Intertechnology Inc. provides products and services to a wide range of customers. In doing so, it may produce direct marketing materials concerning its products and services.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES INTERTECHNOLOGY INC. COLLECT?
Personal information is any information that identifies you, or by which your identity could be deduced.
If Intertechnology Inc. did not collect and use your personal information, it could not provide you with products and services.
HOW DOES INTERTECHNOLOGY INC. COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Intertechnology Inc. collects information only by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way. Wherever possible, Intertechnology Inc. collects your personal information directly from you, at the start of your relationship with Intertechnology Inc. or employment with Intertechnology Inc.
Sometimes Intertechnology Inc. may obtain information about you from other sources: for example, from a government agency or registry, a prior employer, your accountant or your bank.
CONSENT
In most cases, Intertechnology Inc. shall ask you to specifically consent, if it collects, uses, or discloses your personal information. Normally, Intertechnology Inc. asks for your consent in writing, but in some circumstances, it may accept your oral consent. Sometimes, your consent may be implied through your conduct with Intertechnology Inc.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Intertechnology Inc. uses your personal information to provide products and services to you, to administer customer databases and to include you in any direct marketing activities. If you tell Intertechnology Inc. that you no longer wish to receive information about its products and services, or about new developments in the law, it will not send any further material.
Intertechnology Inc. does not disclose your personal information to any third party to enable them to market their products and services. For example, Intertechnology Inc. does not provide its customer mailing lists to other firms.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Under certain circumstances, Intertechnology Inc. will disclose your personal information:
when it is required or authorized by law to do so, for example if a court issues a subpoena;
when you have consented to the disclosure;
when the products and services it is providing to you requires it to give your information to third parties your consent will be implied, unless you tell us otherwise;
where it is necessary to establish or collect fees;
if it engages a third party to provide administrative services to it (like computer back-up services or archival file storage) and third party is bound by Intertechnology Inc.’s privacy policy;
if it engages consultants on your behalf;
if the information is already publicly known.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
Since Intertechnology Inc. uses your personal information to provide products and services to you, it is important that the information be accurate and up-to-date.
If during the course of our relationship, any of your information changes, please inform us so that we can make any necessary changes.
IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
Intertechnology Inc. takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that your personal information is kept safe from loss, unauthorized access, modifications or disclosure. Among the steps taken to protect your information are:
premises security;
restricted file access to personal information;
deploying technological safeguards to attempt to prevent hacking or unauthorized computer access;
internal password and security policies.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may ask for access to any personal information Intertechnology Inc. holds about you.
Summary information is available on request. More detailed requests which require archive or other retrieval costs may be subject to Intertechnology Inc.’s normal administration and disbursement fees.
CORRECTING ERRORS
If Intertechnology Inc. holds information about you and you can establish that it is not accurate, complete and up-to-date, Intertechnology Inc. will take reasonable steps to correct it.
CAN YOU BE DENIED ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your rights to access your personal information are not absolute.
Intertechnology Inc. may deny access when:
denial of access is required or authorized by law;
information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings against you;
when granting you access would have an unreasonable impact on other people’s privacy;
when to do so would prejudice negotiations with you;
to protect Intertechnology Inc.’s rights and property;
where the request is frivolous or vexatious.
If Intertechnology Inc. denies your request for access to, or refuses a request to correct information, it shall explain why.
Intertechnology Inc. does not use your Social Insurance Number as a way of identifying or organizing the information it holds upon you.
CAN YOU REQUEST ANONYMITY
Whenever it is legal and practicable, Intertechnology Inc. may offer the opportunity to deal with general inquiries without providing your name (for example, by accessing general information on its website). The Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act requires Intertechnology Inc. to confirm the identity of all new customers. It may also require Intertechnology Inc. to disclose information to FINTRAC in relation to certain large cash transactions.
CREDIT BUREAUS
To help us make credit decisions about customers, prevent fraud, check the identity of new customers and prevent money-laundering, Intertechnology Inc. may on occasion, request information about you from the files of consumer reporting agencies.
COMMUNICATING WITH INTERTECHNOLOGY INC.
You should be aware that e-mail is not a 100% secure medium, and you should be aware of this when contacting Intertechnology Inc. to send personal or confidential information.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Since Intertechnology Inc. regularly reviews all of its policies and procedures, it may change its Privacy Policy from time to time.
REQUESTS FOR ACCESS
If you have any questions, or wish to access your personal information, please write to Intertechnology Inc.’s Privacy Contact at Intertechnology Inc., 19 Waterman Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, M4B 1Y2, Attention: LaVerne Patterson.
EMPLOYMENT INQUIRIES
If you apply to Intertechnology Inc. for a job, it needs to consider your personal information, as part of its review process. Intertechnology Inc. normally retains information from candidates after a decision has been made, unless they ask Intertechnology Inc. not to retain the information. If Intertechnology Inc. offers you a job, which you accept, the information will be retained in accordance with its privacy procedures for employee records.
WEB SITE
Any website that Intertechnology Inc. may have, from time to time, may contain links to other sites, which are not governed by this privacy policy. Intertechnology Inc. may collect personal information, but it will only collect the information you provide to it voluntarily by sending it an e-mail message, completing forms or using the links contained on such website. Intertechnology Inc. will only collect and use your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other information you submit on or through such website for the purposes for which you provided the personal information, to respond to your inquiries (and applications for positions), and to provide you with updates and information that it thinks may be of interest to you. In providing Intertechnology Inc. with any personal information on or through such website, you consent to the collection and use of that information for these stated purposes. Intertechnology Inc. currently does not and will not use cookies on such website. “Cookies” are small text files that recognize repeat visitors and track their visits to a website.
Any website that Intertechnology Inc. has, from time to time, like most other commercial websites, may monitor traffic patterns, site usage and related site information in order to optimize its web service. Intertechnology Inc. may provide aggregated information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any identifiable personal information.
CONTACT US1-800-465-1600
Toronto416-445-5500
Montreal514-333-0930F#514-333-0344
Ottawa613-723-1828F#613-723-1832
Winnipeg204-895-2037
Calgary403-254-0095F#403-254-2675
Vancouver604-270-9538F#604-270-9250
In Alberta Terracene Int'l Ltd.780-443-2299
19 Waterman Avenue #102Toronto ON M4B 1Y2Tel: (416) 445-5500Fax: (416) 445-1170Toll Free: (800) 465-1600
sales@intertechnology.com