https://internetdentalalliance.com/terms-conditions
Home
Dental Websites
Dental Directories
SEO
SEO Report
Sample SEO Report
Clinical Skills Value
Our Strategy
How It Works
Support
Contact
About
Internet Dental Alliance
Jim Du Molin
Please click the following links for Internet Dental Alliance, Inc’s (IDA) and LeadFire’s current policy:
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR ALL INTERNET DENTAL ALLIANCE, INC. (IDA), 1STDDS.COM CONSUMER
DENTAL DIRECTORIES, IDA NATIONAL AND LOCAL DENTAL DIRECTORIES AND IDA
LOCAL PRACTICE WEBSITES (“PORTALS”)
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE; DISCLAIMER
INTERNET DENTAL ALLIANCE, INC. (IDA) CLIENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY STATEMENT FOR ALL INTERNET DENTAL ALLIANCE, INC. (IDA), 1STDDS.COM CONSUMER DENTAL DIRECTORIES, IDA
NATIONAL AND LOCAL DENTAL DIRECTORIES AND IDA LOCAL PRACTICE WEBSITES (“PORTALS”)
Last updated July 25, 2009
Effective date: July 25, 2009
This Website is administered by Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. As part of the normal operation of our company and site we collect and disclose information about you. This Privacy Statement describes the information we collect about you and what may happen to that information.
Information We Collect
To match patients with a dentist, either by telephone or via our online find-a-dentist pages, we require you to provide us with your full name, contact information such as address, telephone number and e-mail address (“personally identifiable information”), and dental need. In the course of using our service and/or Websites, we automatically track certain information about you. This information includes what browser you are using, and your IP address. Most sites automatically collect this information.
In addition, we use cookies on certain pages of our site. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may be required to re-enter certain information more frequently during a visit to our site.
Our Use of Your Information
We use the information you provide to return to you a list of member dentists from which you may choose your new dentist. Additionally, we use personally identifiable information about you internally to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our sites’ content and layout. We believe these uses allow us to improve our sites and better tailor them to meet your needs.
If you send personal correspondence to us, such as an e-mail, letter or survey, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. All correspondences provided to us or if contained within a customer survey, are deemed the property of Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. upon receipt. Correspondences submitted to Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. may be used in whole or in part, without restriction, and in any medium, by Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. in its sole and absolute discretion for any purpose, including marketing, advertising, and educational purposes.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose to third parties all of the information that we collect from you over the telephone or online, in any way and for any purpose. Once you have selected a new dentist, either by telephone or through the use of one of our Websites, we will share your personally identifiable information with your dentist. If you request to be matched with a dentist for a specific dental product or brand, we may share your personally identifiable information with the company manufacturing the product. In addition, Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. cooperates with all law enforcement inquiries. Therefore, local, state and federal law enforcement can request your name, street address, city, state, zip code, phone number, and e-mail address. Due to the existing regulatory environment, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Further, we can disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. Therefore, although we use industry-standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private.
Your Privacy Rights
Our consumers can request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personally identifiable information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personally identifiable information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you would like to request this information, please submit your request in writing to:
Technology Officer – Privacy Statement
Internet Dental Alliance, Inc.
P.O. Box 1220
Tiburon, CA 94920
Changes to Privacy Statement
The terms of this Privacy Statement will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place. Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement at any time, so please re-visit this page as often as you wish. In case of any material change, we will change the “Last Updated” date in this Privacy Statement. Changes to this Privacy Statement are effective as of the stated “Last Updated” date and your continued use of this site on or after the “Last Updated” date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Security
Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. uses industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Support@Drs1.com
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE; DISCLAIMER
Last updated July 26, 2009
Effective date: July 26, 2009
By accessing the site and its content, you, (hereafter referred to as “users”) agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth herein. We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions at any time, and users agree to abide by the most recent version each time users view this site. Users are accordingly urged to reference the conditions set forth each time they access the site. Failure to follow these terms and conditions shall be construed as a violation of this agreement.
The user agrees to hold harmless Internet Dental Alliance, Inc., its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, doctor licensees, affiliates and contributors from all claims arising out of, or related to the information contained within this site, access or use of, or inability to access or use the site.
Unless otherwise stated, all content contained herein, including but not limited to, the graphic images, audio, video, text, html codes and buttons contained herein and their arrangements, are owned or licensed by Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. and/or its contributors and may not be copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way without the prior written consent of Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of Internet Dental Alliance, Inc., doctor licensee or any third party. All trademarks used or referred to in this Website are the property of the Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. and/or their respective owners.
The information provided on this site is free of charge and for informational purposes only and does not create any relationship between you and Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. or any of its officers, shareholders, owners, employees, affiliates, doctor licensees or representatives. Links on this site may lead to services or sites not operated by Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk.
The dental information presented throughout this Website is not intended to be construed as, or to be a substitute for professional advice. The information provided is for general informational purposes only and is not to be taken as medical or dental advice or treatment information. Although we may cite certain medical and/or dental procedures, perspectives, and products, we do not recommend or endorse them in any capacity. While we strive earnestly to update this website’s resources for consumers and professionals, any individual reliance on this information is at the individual’s own risk. We do not guarantee the accuracy of the information found herein, and further disclaim all liability or responsibility for injury or impairment experienced by any users who utilize any products, information or concepts.
Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to this site or any service accessible through this site. Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. expressly disclaims all express and implied warranties including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. In no event will Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, or other damages (including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or data) without regard to the form of action and whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in connection with this site, any content on or accessed through this site or any site service linked to, or any copying, displaying, or use thereof.
For specific medical or dental questions, please see a licensed health care professional.
Any questions, notes, postings, ideas, suggestions, concepts or other material submitted will become the property of Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. and Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. shall be entitled to use the material for any type of use forever including in any media whether now known or hereafter devised. When you submit material to Internet Dental Alliance, Inc., you agree that Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. has the right to publish the material for any type of use as outlined above including promotional and advertising purposes.
Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. is not responsible for any material posted by visitors to this site. You shall not submit any information which:
1. libels, defames, invades privacy, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive, or threatening;
2. infringes any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including, but not limited to violating anyone’s copyrights or trademarks;
3. violates any law;
4. advocates illegal activity;
5. advertises or otherwise solicits funds or is a solicitation for goods or services; (collectively “Non-Approved Material”).
You agree to indemnify Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, doctor licensees and affiliates from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from your breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, and warranties.
Do not post any threatening or libelous e-mails or material on this site that would be considered a violation of any law. Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such e-mails or materials. When Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. is accessed through AOL, all AOL guidelines regarding appropriate online behavior will be enforced.
No representation is made that the quality of the dental services to be performed is greater than the quality of dental services performed by other dentists.
Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. maintains this site in California, U.S.A. and all users agree that these terms of use and any legal action or proceeding relating to this site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without reference to its choice of law rules. If any user attempts to bring any legal proceedings against us, the user specifically acknowledges that we are free to choose the jurisdiction of our preference as to where such action against us may be held. As the user has agreed by using this site to choose the laws of the State of California to govern any such proceedings, we will probably choose to defend any such action in California and we can make this decision entirely as it suits us, without regard to where in the world you are located, or from where in the world you visited this site.
The user is responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which the user is accessing this site and agrees that he/she will not access or use the information on this site in violation of such laws.
Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. reserves the right to change this “Website Terms and Conditions of Use; Disclaimer” at any time, so please re-visit this page as often as you wish. In case of any material change, we will change the “Last Updated” date. Changes to this document are effective as of the stated “Last Updated” date and your continued use of this site on or after the “Last Updated” date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
INTERNET DENTAL ALLIANCE, INC. (IDA) CLIENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated March 18, 2014
Effective date: March 18, 2014
Internet Dental Alliance (IDA) currently offers two different marketing programs: Pay-Per-Portal (PPP) and Pay-Per-Lead (PPL). The following Terms & Conditions apply to all clients:
Copyright and Trademark Indemnification:
IDA clients are hereby advised that many images (photos, logos, etc.) are protected by copyrights or trademarks and may not be used without permission from the owner of the copyright or trademark. The IDA client is responsible for obtaining permission to use any such copyrighted or trademarked image prior to uploading the image to the IDA client’s website(s) (also referred to as websites). The IDA client hereby agrees to indemnify IDA against any damages that may be asserted by a third party and any criminal penalties that may result from the IDA client’s failure to obtain permission to use any images or other protected property that the client posts on his or her IDA-hosted website(s), or that an IDA client asks an IDA representative to post to the website on his or her behalf. By posting any image to the IDA-hosted website, or by asking any IDA representative to do so on his or her behalf, the IDA client is deemed to have consented to this indemnification.
IDA clients are given the opportunity to select Marketing Domain Names to be associated with their accounts. Certain words or terms may be trademarked and may not be used in these Marketing Domain Names without permission from the owner of the trademark. The IDA client is responsible for obtaining permission to use any such trademarked words or terms prior to using them in a domain name associated the IDA client’s website(s) (also referred to as websites). The IDA client hereby agrees to indemnify IDA against any damages that may be asserted by a third party and any criminal penalties that may result from the IDA client’s failure to obtain permission to use any trademarked words or terms in a domain name(s) associated with his or her IDA-hosted website(s), or that an IDA client asks an IDA representative to select for the website(s) on his or her behalf. By using any trademarked words or terms in a domain name associated with an IDA-hosted website, or by asking any IDA representative to do so on his or her behalf, the IDA client is deemed to have consented to this indemnification.
Cancellation of Services for Non-Payment:
After seventeen days of non-payment of service, IDA will terminate all client marketing services. To reactivate IDA services, any outstanding balance due must be paid in full, plus a reactivation fee of $125.
Domain Name Policy:
IDA’s policy regarding Internet Domain Names is designed to protect our client’s website security, maximize the position of the websites with the major search engines, and to make the administrative maintenance of the websites as efficient as possible.
When IDA builds a website for a dentist, we select a Search Engine Optimized Domain Name for each market-focused website (website) that will have the maximum marketing effectiveness in positioning the doctor’s website(s) at the top of the search engine listings for the doctor’s geographic market and areas of specialty (family dentistry, cosmetics, implants, sedation, etc.). IDA handles the entire registration process and pays the initial domain name registration fee as well as the subsequent renewal costs.
If a doctor who is joining the Alliance already has a domain name that he or she owns and wants to attach to an IDA website, we require the domain be transferred to IDA’s administrative control. The domain remains the property of the doctor and is held in trust for security and technical control. While held in trust, IDA will pay all domain name renewal and administration fees.
Transfer Policy for Managed Domain Names:
If a doctor wishes to leave IDA’s service, he or she may do so at any time. All IDA service agreements are month-to-month unless otherwise agreed to in writing or as stipulated as part of a promotional offer.
All active client domain names associated with a specific client’s website (website) prior to August 3, 2011 are considered Marketing Domain Names owned by the client doctor. New clients starting after August 3, 2011 will automatically be issued Search Engine Optimized Domain Names for each of their IDA websites at no charge. New clients receive one Marketing Domain Name of their choice at no charge which they can redirect to the IDA website of their choice. Additional Marketing Domain Names selected by the client doctor will be billed at the rate of $10 each annually.
All Marketing Domain Names are owned by the client doctor. Search Engine Optimized Domain Names generated by IDA belong to IDA and are not available for purchase. The IDA system requires management control of all domains. If the doctor wants leave the IDA New Patient Marketing Program and to take over management control of a Marketing Domain Name(s) that he/she has been using, we will be happy to facilitate this process for a modest transfer fee of $25 for each domain name.
Domain name(s) are not available for transfer if there are any outstanding fees due on the client’s account. You have 15 days from the date of cancellation to transfer any eligible domain name(s) from IDA’s registry account to your own registry account. FAILURE TO DO SO MAY RESULT IN THE LOSS OF YOUR DOMAIN NAME(S) DUE TO EXPIRATION.
Copyright Policy:
All IDA materials, websites, language, formatting and photos are owned by Internet Dental Alliance, Inc. and copyright protected.
You may not use any of the copy (text) or graphics (other than photos supplied by you) that appear on the pages of your IDA website unless you are an active member of IDA and ONLY on IDA-owned websites, newsletters and marketing materials.
We vigorously protect our copyright to ensure active members receive the maximum benefit of their website optimization and positioning. Each violation of U.S. copyright law is subject to a fine of up to $30,000.
Current members of IDA are extended use of our expert websites, marketing campaigns, web positioning and high value appointment generation services as well as unlimited updating of information on our sites at no additional cost for as long as they remain members in good standing.
IDA materials may not be used on any website that is not owned by IDA. Former clients of IDA who continue to use any of IDA™s copyrighted content will remain liable for, and will continue to be billed for, their regular monthly fee as long as the copyright infringement continues.
Fee Changes:
IDA reserves the right to change its fees at any time. In the event of a fee change, you will be notified before the new fee is applied to your account.
The Terms & Conditions in this section apply to IDA™s Pay-Per-Portal (PPP) Clients only:
Billing Procedures:
IDA bills its client doctors for their Internet marketing campaigns automatically on a monthly basis. IDA requires a valid credit or debit card on file at all times. All charges will be processed to the card on file. Upon request, payment by eCheck can also be arranged. If the card on file fails payment, IDA will do its best to inform the doctor of this problem by email, phone and fax using the client’s on-file contact information.
Payments to IDA are processed each month on the client’s scheduled billing date. If the payment fails multiple times, late payment fees of $25 per website/marketing campaign will be added to the past due balance.
IDA offers a discount for annual payments. If a client doctor who has opted for the annual payment plan chooses to cancel his or her membership before 12 monthly payments have been received, IDA will not refund any charges made prior to cancellation. Further, charges made prior to cancellation will be adjusted to the regular full rate for the services provided before any applicable refunds are issued.
Services billed to your card on file can be reviewed by contacting our Accounting Department between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Pacific Time at 415-366-4916.
Since IDA’s systems are completely automated, we do not provide monthly invoices. IDA™s monthly fees will be charged to the client’s valid payment card on file each month, on the same date for the currently authorized amount. If a client requires that an invoice be provided on a monthly basis, upon request we will be happy to provide this service for a modest fee of $37.95 per month, automatically billed to the payment card on file.
Additional IDA websites purchased at discounted or promotional rates may not replace existing websites.
Promotional Offers:
During special promotional periods, IDA may offer services for less than the standard membership fee. There are no refunds or guarantees of any kind for services acquired at a promotional rate, except as specifically stated in the promotional offer.
Promotional offers are strictly limited to new IDA clients only, except as specifically stated in the promotional offer.
IDA promotional offers are limited to one per practice; unless specifically stated in the promotional offer.
Some promotions may offer IDA websites. IDA reserves the right to terminate all marketing services if the client has not published his or her website(s) within 30 days of accepting the offer.
We reserve the right to suspend the offering of any promotional campaign at any time.
Cancellation Policy:
If a doctor wishes to leave IDA’s service, he or she may do so at any time. All IDA service agreements are month-to-month unless otherwise agreed to in writing or as stipulated as part of a promotional offer.
Pricing for IDA marketing campaigns follows a pattern where a client who already has one website may obtain lower pricing for additional websites. When a client cancels one of his or her websites, pricing for the remaining websites will be as follows: the client’s aggregate monthly fee for all of his or her websites will be reduced by the monthly fee for his or her most recently added website.
Upon completion of the Cancellation Procedure (see below), IDA will stop billing the credit card on file at the next scheduled billing period for the cancelled website(s). IDA will not pro-rate the monthly charge for the final month of membership and will not refund charges made prior to cancellation.
Cancellation Procedure:
Our cancellation policy is designed to protect you and your practice from unethical actions by a competitor or employee that may harm your practice.
If a client wishes to transfer administrative control of an eligible domain name, a request for cancellation must be made in writing, on the practice or company letterhead, by the original client (senior doctor/practice owner) or the designated marketing manager, as noted in our registration file and signed by one of the aforementioned individuals.
If a client is not transferring administrative control of an eligible domain name, they will be directed to a website where they may request cancellation and schedule their exit interview.
A short exit interview of approximately 5 minutes is required to confirm your cancellation request. This interview must be with the original client (senior doctor/practice owner) or the designated marketing manager as noted in our documentation.
Upon completion of your exit interview, we will fax you a Final Response Form. This documentation covers the final disposition of your Domain Name(s), IDA Local Practice Web Portals and IDA National and Local Dental Directory marketing network.
The Final Response Form must be completed and signed by the original client (senior doctor/practice owner) or the designated marketing manager, as noted in our registration file. We will not take any action and your credit card will continue to be charged for the monthly service fees until we receive this form with your written instructions and signature.
You have 15 days from the date of signing and returning your Final Response Form to transfer any eligible domain name(s) from IDA that are related to your IDA marketing campaign. See Domain Name Policy below.
New Patient Lead Reports and Call Tracking:
The basic cost of IDA’s New Patient Lead Reports, which automatically consolidate new patient appointment requests from both email and phone calls, is included in the regular monthly campaign or website fee (excluding promotional offers.) If your Call Tracking usage rate in any month exceeds 180 minutes multiplied by the number of websites you have with IDA, you will be billed for the excess usage at the rate of $10 for each block of 100 minutes (or portion thereof.)
IDA reserves the right to review all recorded calls generated through IDA’s marketing efforts to determine the validity of new patient appointment requests. It is our client’s sole responsibility to notify their employees that phone calls received through IDA’s marketing systems are recorded and monitored.
The Terms & Conditions in this section apply to IDA’s Pay-Per-Lead (PPL) Clients only:
Billing Procedures:
IDA bills its client doctors for their leads automatically either on a per-lead basis or an auto-renewing, prepaid package. IDA requires a valid credit or debit card on file at all times. All charges will be processed to the card on file. Upon request, payment by eCheck can also be arranged. If the card on file fails payment, IDA will do its best to inform the doctor of this problem by email, phone and fax using the client’s on-file contact information.
If the payments fail multiple times, a late payment fee of $25 per transaction will be added to the past due balance.
IDA’s client doctors may ask for and receive a list of the leads delivered. IDA’s sole responsibility under this program is to deliver leads to the email address on file. IDA is not responsible for any failure by the client, or the client’s office staff, to act upon the leads delivered, and billing will not be waived due to any failure to act upon the leads delivered.
IDA may offer discounted, prepaid lead packages. If a client doctor who has prepaid for a lead package chooses to cancel his or her membership before all leads have been received, IDA will not refund charges for any leads delivered prior to cancellation.
Services billed to your card on file can be reviewed by contacting our Accounting Department between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. Pacific Time at 415-366-4916.
Promotional Offers:
During special promotional periods, IDA may offer discounted rates on new patient leads for a specified period of time or for a specified number of leads. Any promotional offer shall immediately become null and void if a client cancels any IDA Pay-Per-Portal marketing campaigns.
Promotional offers are strictly limited to new IDA clients only, except as specifically stated in the promotional offer.
IDA promotional offers are limited to one per practice; unless specifically stated in the promotional offer.
Some promotions may offer IDA websites. IDA reserves the right to terminate all marketing services if the client has not published his or her website(s) within 30 days of accepting the offer.
We reserve the right to suspend the offering of any promotional campaign at any time.
In the event of a cancellation, any unbilled new patient leads that have been delivered to the client will immediately be charged at the promotional rate agreed upon.
Internet Marketing Information:
Clients authorize IDA to use information publically available on the Internet to enhance their IDA Web Portals and Directories. This information includes, but is not limited to: photos of doctors, staff and office, practice logos, patient testimonials including before & after photos, doctor certifications & memberships and published practice benefits and services.
Clients who are signed up through a marketing partner authorize IDA to share account profile information with that partner.
Lead Verification
A lead is someone who is not a current patient, who contacts your practice to schedule an appointment or ask a question about your services. Leads are NOT calls from vendors, personal calls, hang-ups or messages without adequate contact information. You will never be charged for any of those calls. Telephone or email messages without adequate contact information are not included. You are only charged for verified leads.
As part of this program, all incoming appointment requests (both emails and phone calls) are tracked and recorded for your own personal quality review. Occasionally, a caller will identify themselves as a new patient and a member of your team may not be available to answer the call. The call then goes to your voice mail. If the caller leaves their name and phone number for follow-up, we consider this a lead.
You have 30 days to review and dispute a lead from the time we mark it valid. If you don’t agree that a particular lead is valid, we’ll double-check it. If you’re right, we’ll automatically credit your account.
We reserve the right to contact the caller to verify their patient status.
If there are further concerns, we’ll schedule a brief resolution conference call so we can listen to the lead together or review the new patient email appointment request.
Cancellation Policy:
If a doctor wishes to discontinue his or her Pay-Per-Lead service, he or she may do so at any time.
Upon completion of the PPL Cancellation Procedure (see below), IDA will no longer bill the payment card on file for leads or auto-renew any prepaid lead packages. IDA will not refund charges for leads delivered prior to cancellation.
IDA reserves the right to terminate any account after 90 days of no activity. Any prepaid packages purchased by the client will be adjusted to reflect the actual number of leads delivered and the applicable balance will be refunded.
Cancellation Procedure:
Our cancellation policy is designed to protect you and your practice from unethical actions by a competitor or employee that may harm your practice.
Request for cancellation must be made in writing, on the practice or company letterhead, by the original client (senior doctor/practice owner) or the designated marketing manager, as noted in our registration file and signed by one of the aforementioned individuals.
Cancellation of the account will become effective when the written request for cancellation has been received. The client will receive e-mail confirmation that the account has been cancelled. If you do not receive this email confirmation within five business days, please call (855) 435-7675.
New Patient Lead Reports and Call Tracking:
IDA reserves the right to review all recorded calls generated through IDA’s marketing efforts to determine the validity of new patient appointment requests. It is our client’s sole responsibility to notify their employees that phone calls received through IDA’s marketing systems are recorded and monitored.
IDA in its sole discretion shall determine the definition of all terms used in this Terms and Conditions and the application thereof.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone that we feel that we can’t satisfy.
YOUR FREE SEO REPORT
Where do you REALLY rank on Google for ALL of your clinical skills?
How much money are you leaving on the table in LOST new patients?
Get an estimated dollar amount of your unrealized net profit.
Learn what your clinical skills are really worth.
Contact Details
Phone: 712-523-3335
Mon – Fri: 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM CT
Email: support@internetdentalalliance.com
Mailing Address:
Internet Dental Alliance
P.O. Box 1220
Tiburon, CA
94920
About Internet Dental Alliance
The IDA Story
Jim Du Molin
Contact Us
Contact
Support