http://invisionpower.com/legal/hosting
Jump to content
Pricing
Our Community
Marketplace
Client Area
Help Guides
Existing client? Sign in
Sign in with Email
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with Google
Sign In With Apple
Sign Up
Community in the Cloud Policies
Contents
Acceptable Use Policy
Backup Retention Policy
Right to Data
Other Documents
Privacy Policy
Standards of Service
Software License
All IPS Community in the Cloud customers are bound by the policies set forth here upon ordering services from Invision Power Services, Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions about the content or implementation of these policies.
Acceptable Use Policy
This Acceptable Use Policy ("Policy") outlines unacceptable uses of the Invision Community in the Cloud Service (“Service.”) Invision Power Services, Inc. (“IPS”) may make reasonable modifications to this Policy from time to time by posting a new version of this document on the IPS web site here. Such revisions are effective immediately upon posting.
Invision Community in the Cloud customer (“Customer”) agrees to use the Service in accordance with all applicable local, state and federal laws, and this Policy which shall specifically include, as determined by IPS in its reasonable judgment, NOT using the Service to:
Conduct any business or activity or solicit the performance of any activity that is prohibited by law, tortuous, or interferes with the use of IPS’ system by other customers.
Disseminate or transmit unsolicited messages, chain letters or unsolicited commercial email including unintended sending of unsolicited commercial email due to unauthorized access to Customer’s use of Service, whether or not the recipient wishes to receive such mailings;
Access, send, receive, display, disclose, or store any content in violation of any copyright, right of publicity, patent, trademark, service mark, trade name, trade secret or other intellectual property right or in violation of any applicable agreement, or without authorization;
Create a false identity or to otherwise attempt to mislead any person as to the identity, source or origin of any communication;
Export, re-export or permit downloading of any message or content in violation of any export or import law, regulation or restriction of the United States and its agencies or authorities, or without all required approvals, licenses and/or exemptions;
Interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any computer system, server, network or account for which Customer does not have authorization to access or at a level exceeding Customer’s authorization;
Disseminate or transmit any virus, worms, trojan horse or other malicious, harmful or disabling data, work, code or program;
Engage in any other activity deemed by IPS to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the Agreement or any IPS policy as examples listed in this Policy are not exhaustive.
Failure to comply with this Policy in IPS' reasonable judgment may result in the immediate termination of Service, responding to law enforcement requests, or any other action deemed necessary by IPS in order to protect its network, customer relationships, and commitment to the highest possible quality of service. IPS will cooperate with law enforcement in cases where the Service are being used for any suspected illegal activity.
Violations of this Policy are unethical and may be deemed criminal offenses.
Customer shall report to IPS any information Customer may have concerning instances in which this Policy has been or is being violated.
IPS may at any time initiate an investigation of any use of the Service for compliance with this Policy and Customer agrees to cooperate.
Attempts to exploit other devices or services on and off of IPS’ hosted service without the permission or implied permission of that party are not permitted.
Violations of system or network security may result in criminal and civil liability. IPS will cooperate with law enforcement if a criminal violation is suspected. IPS will limit any traffic from the offending device or network immediately.
This agreement is not assignable or transferable without the express written consent of Invision Power Services, Inc.
IPS reserves the right to terminate this agreement and Service at any time. In the event of a policy violation, in IPS' sole discretion, Customer shall not be eligible for a refund.
Customer specifically agrees to indemnify and hold harmless IPS from any claim resulting from a breach of these terms, and/or the use of the Service which damages another.
This agreement shall be governed by the Laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. Any action in regard to this agreement or arising out of its terms and conditions shall be instituted and litigated in the Virginia Circuit Court for Bedford County. Each of the parties consents to jurisdiction in such Court and agrees that service of process as provided by the states and rules of civil procedures of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall be sufficient.
Backup & Retention Policy
IPS takes entire infrastructure backup snapshots for the purpose of catastrophic disaster recovery on an hourly basis. Account level snapshots are taken daily, weekly and monthly. Various factors, including the timing of the request for restoration, will determine which category of snapshot will be used in the event of a restoration. In certain cases, your data will be restored from a weekly snapshot versus the previous day's archive.
Accounts that are cancelled by customer, or for non-payment, will be retained for purposes of reactivation for a period of 30 days. The account will then be terminated, however, a snapshot will be retained in our secure archives for another 30 days (unless otherwise requested.) An account may be restored from our secure archives, however, a fee will be imposed for this service.
Right to Data
You may request an export of your data at any time; a fee may be imposed for generating an account archive and the account must be active and not in a suspended state. A full archive that include application files are only available with the purchase of a self-hosted license.
Important Information
We use technologies, such as cookies, to customise content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyse traffic to the site. We also share information about your use of our site with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners. See more about cookies and our Privacy Policy
I accept
×
Existing client? Sign in
Sign Up
Home
Plans & Pricing
Try a Demo
Client Area
Our Community
Company Blog
Features
Back
Content
Engagement
Discovery
Editing
Commerce
CMS
Users
Spam Defense
Moderation
Permissions
Promotion
Customization
Services
Back
Enterprise Communities
Single Sign-On
Migrations
Solutions
Back
Fan/Interest Communities
Customer Support
Charity/Outreach Communities
Employee Engagement
Support & More
Back
Marketplace
Help Guides
Release Notes
Legal
Back
Privacy Policy
Standards of Service
Hosting Policies
Contact Us