http://isc.incidents.org/privacy.html
Threat Level: green
Handler on Duty: John Bambenek
SANS ISC: Privacy Policy
SANS Site Network
Current Site
SANS Internet Storm Center
Other SANS Sites
Help
Graduate Degree Programs
Security Training
Security Certification
Security Awareness Training
Penetration Testing
Industrial Control Systems
Cyber Defense Foundations
DFIR
Software Security
Government OnSite Training
Privacy Policy
Participate: Learn more about our honeypot network
https://isc.sans.edu/honeypot.html
Sign Up for Free!   Forgot Password?
Log In or Sign Up for Free!
Last updated:April 5th, 2018
This privacy statement applies to information collected by web addresses in the isc.sans.edu, isc.sans.org,
dshield.org, and other domains associated with DShield.org or the Internet Storm Center
hereafter referred to collectively as ISC.
How We Gather Information
Log Files
Cookies
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Access To Your Personal Information
Notifications And Promotional Email
Links To Other Sites
Affiliates and Subsidiaries
Changes To This Privacy Statement
Contact Us
How We Gather Information
To save you time and make our web services even easier to use, you may create an ISC or Dshield Portal Account
using your personal information. You may do this by visiting https://isc.sans.edu/login.html. The ISC Portal
system saves your information and references it to your email address and password. The next time you visit the
ISC website, you can simply enter your email address and password.
ISC may occasionally provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you
participate, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys
or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
The requested information typically includes contact and demographic information such as name and address. We
may share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers. This
information does not identify individual users.
Top of page
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This
information may include IP addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and
clickstream data.
We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track how visitors interact with the
site.
Top of page
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a users computer for record-keeping purposes. We do use cookies
on our site. ISC may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it
easier for you to navigate our site. A session cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie
remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following
directions provided in your Internet browsers help file.
You can remove your ISC Portal login cookie by clicking the "Logout" link.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as the
data that requires you to log in, will be limited.
Top of page
How We Protect Your Personal Information
ISC safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures.
Likewise, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. These
precautions include changing your password often, using a combination of letters, numbers and symbols, and using
a secure browser.
The ISC website uses TLS encryption on all web pages where personal information is submitted. This
protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information as it is transmitted over the
Internet.
ISC may employ independent contractors to help manage data services, and such contractors may have access to
data, similar to the access we give our employees.
Logs submitted to ISC will be made available to the public via this website, and will be shared with researchers.
Top of page
Access To Your Personal Information
You always have access to the information we have about you. To review and update your personal contact
information, simply click https://isc.sans.edu/login.html and log in with your email address and password, then
click My Information. We encourage you to review your preferences regularly to keep the information current. You
may also write handlers@sans.edu to have the information changed or removed.
Logs submitted to ISC can not be deleted, but we can remove the identifier linking it to your account if you notify us
within 30 days of submitting the log
Top of page
Notifications And Promotional Email
If you no longer wish to receive our automatic notifications or promotional communications from ISC, you may
opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions at our Notifications Page.
Top of page
Links To Other Sites
The ISC web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by ISC. Please be aware that the
ISC is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you
leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information.
Top of page
Affiliates and Subsidiaries
DShield.org shares logs submitted to this site with researchers worldwide.
Top of page
Top of page
Changes To This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide
to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other
places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Top of page
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at
handlers@sans.edu.
Top of page
Contact Us
Contact Us
About Us
Handlers
Diary
Podcasts
Jobs
Tools
DShield Sensor
DNS Looking Glass
Honeypot (RPi/AWS)
InfoSec Glossary
Fightback
Data
HTTP Header Activity
TCP/UDP Port Activity
Port Trends
Presentations & Papers
SSH Scanning Activity
SSL CRL Activity
Suspicious Domains
Threat Feeds Activity
Threat Feeds Map
Useful InfoSec Links
Weblogs
Research Papers
Forums
Auditing
Diary Discussions
Forensics
General Discussions
Industry News
Network Security
Penetration Testing
Software Security
Questions? Feedback?
Use our contact form or
report bugs here
For interactive help and to chat with other users, try our
Slack group.
YouTube
Twitter
LinkedIn
ISC Feed
Shop
Link To Us
About Us
Handlers
Privacy Policy
Back To Top
Developers: We have an API for you!