https://itincanadaonline.ca/index.php/privacy-policy/
About Us
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Subscribe Now
Sign up
Leave this field empty if you're human:
* You will receive the latest news and updates on the Canadian IT marketplace.
Trending News
Vertical workload specialization critical to Dell EMC strategy
3 min read
VersaPay Announces Interim Chief Financial Officer
1 min read
SAMSUNG GALAXY S8 PLUS
1 min read
TextNow recruits former BlackBerry executive
1 min read
Move to secure IoT devices
6 min read
Riding the digital wave: Ensuring transformation readiness
5 min read
New Fujitsu ScanSnap iX1500 Displays ‘Smarts’ to Small Businesses
5 min read
Privacy Policy
Home >
Privacy Policy
IT in Canada Online acknowledges the importance of protecting the privacy of IT in Canada Online Site’s users. The information we collect is used to improve the services we offer, to improve our website’s content, and to communicate with you, including contacting you regarding your subscription or with updates to our website or other marketing information. IT in Canada Online approaches our communications on IT in Canada Online Site’s with respect for, and commitment to, protecting the privacy rights, concern, and respect for the different sensibilities of our users.
This Privacy Policy sets out how IT in Canada Online collects, uses and safeguards users’ personal information. Our site contains links to third party sites which are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend you read the privacy policy of any such sites you visit.
If you have questions concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices, please contact inquiries@itincanadaonline.ca.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you access our site and have not registered or subscribed to our services you access anonymously. Personal information such as your name, address, phone number or email address is not collected as you access. If you register with us or purchase our online service, access our website from an email or other personalized communication sent to you, or provide us with personal information, you will allow us to identify you.
For both anonymous visitors and known visitors to our website, we collect information such as the server your computer is logged onto, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your browser type and version and your IP address. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically and required for using the Internet. We may also derive the general geographic area associated with an IP address. We use “cookies” or similar technology to collect information about how this website is used, such as average time spent on this website, pages viewed, and information searched for, access times, response rates to online or email advertising and other relevant information about your online experience. If you are an anonymous visitor, the information in this paragraph does not personally identify you.
CONSENT
By using IT in Canada Online Site, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Statement. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information, personal or otherwise, as described in this Privacy Statement.
Information we Collect when you Register, Subscribe or Otherwise Identify Yourself: The types of information we may collect include your name, email and mailing address, employment information, payment details such as credit card and billing information and any other information about your subscription and usage. Publicly available information, such as a public directory listing of your name, address, telephone number and electronic address, is not considered personal information.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
We are committed to providing you with an Internet experience that respects and protects your personal privacy choices and concerns. Personally identifying information is collected by IT in Canada Online only when you specifically and knowingly provide it.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Beyond the site registration described previously, IT in Canada Online collects and uses your personal information primarily for the purpose of providing you with the products and services you have requested from us, including the delivery of print or digital publications and related content; delivery of electronic or direct-mailed newsletters; and, event registration confirmations, updates and other information related to IT in Canada Online events and seminars.
The information we collect is also used to communicate with you about your subscriptions and to provide you with information related to other IT in Canada Online services.
All emails sent to subscribers clearly identify the source of the email as IT in Canada Online and/or its products and services.
If you have indicated that you are interested in receiving offers or information from selected IT in Canada Online sponsors or advertisers, your personal information would also be used by IT in Canada Online to contact you or to send you email materials and other mailings on their behalf. Your personal information is never shared with third parties. The information submitted by them is fully screened by IT in Canada Online and must, in our judgment, be of value to the life sciences communities. However, you always have the option to tell us not to send offers for other products or services.
If you enter a contest or participate in other promotional activities offered by IT in Canada Online, your personal information will be used to administer the promotion, including the use of your name and selected other information for the purposes of contacting, announcing and promoting the winners of the promotion.
IT in Canada Online may also contact you from time to time to conduct research and surveys in our ongoing effort to improve our product and service offerings, or to invite your editorial comments for articles being developed for publication.
IT in Canada Online will not release your personal information to a third party without your authorization unless required to by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or to comply with a legal process serviced on IT in Canada Online site.
IT in Canada Online will only ask you to provide personal information that we need, when we need it. We will always explain why we need the information and what we intend to do with it.
We will seek your prior consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifying information and you can refuse such consent. You may also withdraw your consent at a later time by giving us reasonable notice. We will notify you in advance of any change in our intent for the use or disclosure of your personally identifying information.
Your personal information will not be used for any other purpose without your consent.
COOKIES USED IN REGISTRATION
As part of the registration process we use a browser feature called a “cookie.” A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a small text file. The cookie we send as part of the registration process allows the site to recognize that a visitor is a registered user and permit access to restricted sections of the site on future visits.
For a more detailed explanation of our use of cookies, please see the section, Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer’s Hard Drive, found later in this statement.
DISCLOSURE
In order to effectively provide the products and services you have requested, IT in Canada Online may share your personal information with selected third parties who act on our behalf as suppliers or service providers. Examples include bonded mailing houses for processing and labeling items, including publications, prior to mailing; and, Canada Post and other distributors and carriers. We provide only the information required to perform the requested service. Information provided to third parties in these circumstances may only be used for the stated purpose. It is our practice to require third party suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with IT in Canada Online’s policies.
In addition, the information collected to service your subscriptions is made available for review by the Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC), an official auditing body for magazines. The auditors may also contact randomly selected subscribers in order to verify the publisher’s circulation statements.
SUPPLEMENTING INFORMATION
From time to time we may supplement information you give us via our website with information we acquire from other sources, such as information to validate your address, or company information available through sources such as business directories. This is to help us maintain consistency and accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide a better service.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
Our web server logs information about visitors that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us: understand trends and patterns; improve the content and design of the IT in Canada Online Website; to enable our audit bureau to verify our claims of traffic to the site; and, to help advertisers and potential advertisers assess the suitability of the site for their advertising campaigns. This information is not reviewed at an individual level.
INFORMATION WE MAY PLACE AUTOMATICALLY ON YOUR COMPUTER’S HARD DRIVE
When you access some sections of IT in Canada Online Site or advertisements, we may store some information on your computer, in the form of a “Cookie.” A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a small text file. Cookies allow us to tailor the website content or advertisements to better match your interests and preferences. With most internet browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please note, however, that blocking or disabling Cookies will limit your access to non-restricted content sections, and erasing cookies will require that you re-register if you wish to access content in restricted sections of the site.
LINKS TO NON-IT in Canada Online WEBSITES
While IT in Canada Online will seek to require third parties with whom it has agreements to follow appropriate privacy policies, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of such third parties.
This site contains links to other sites not owned or controlled by IT in Canada Online. IT in Canada Online is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
IT in Canada Online Site’s users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., username, email address) in discussion forums, such information could be collected and used by others that do not follow our strict privacy guidelines and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties.
THE 10 PRINCIPLES OF FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICES
1) Accountability: An organization is responsible for personal information under its custody and shall designate an individual or individuals who are accountable for the organization’s compliance with the following principles.
2) Identifying Purposes: The purposes for which personal information is collected shall be identified by the organization at or before the time the information is collected.
3) Consent: The knowledge and consent of the individual are required for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information, except where inappropriate.
4) Limiting Collection: The collection of personal information shall be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by the organization. Information shall be collected by fair and lawful means.
5) Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention: Personal information shall not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law. Personal information shall be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
6) Accuracy: Personal information shall be as accurate, complete and up-to-date as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
7) Safeguards: Personal information shall be protected by security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
8) Openness: An organization shall make readily available to individuals specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
9) Individual Access: Upon request, an individual shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information, and shall be given access to that information. An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
10) Challenging Compliance: An individual shall be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with the above principles to the designated individual or individuals accountable for the organization’s compliance.
Login
Register
Username or Email Address
Password
Forgot Password
Remember Me
Registration is closed.