https://iwanet.org/privacy-policy/
English
Français (French)
Italiano (Italian)
Member Login
This is the web site of International Webmasters Association (IWA)
Our postal address is
119 E. Union St., Suite E-F
Pasadena, CA, 91103
We can be reached via e-mail at help@iwanet.org
Or you can reach us by telephone at +1.626.449.3709
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer’s domain name, but not the e-mail address.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page and used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. Your name and address will not be shared with any other organization other than the purpose of membership benefits. Your name, address and email shall never be sold for resale to commercial mailing lists.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from IWA with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. Please provide us with your correct phone number.
Your name and address shall be completely removed from our list upon your request.
IWA may partner with third-party organizations to provide member benefits, but user shall be given option to opt-in and opt-out of lists.
IWA has no control over the information you make public through its public member and business directories, but allows user to control what information is viewable to public.
IWA does not allow users to list their email publicly through any of its directories, but uses online forms to protect this information.