https://iwsdesign.net/legals/disclaimer/
Deprecated:
Function create_function() is deprecated in /home/iwsdesign/public_html/wp-content/plugins/reputation_management/reputation_management-loader.php on line 91
+61.3.9437.2510
info@iwsdesign.net
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Disclaimer
Leagl Stuff...
Disclaimer
I.W.S. INTERNET WEB SOLUTIONS has a firm commitment to privacy in accordance with the Guidelines for Federal and provincial Governments World Wide Web sites issued by the Australian Privacy Commissioner.
This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
:: Information logged
:: Electronic mail addresses
:: On-line Subscription and Feedback Forms
:: Cookies
:: Links to other sites
If you are submitting personal information over the internet which you wish to remain private, please note that, while all attempts are made to secure information transmitted to this site, users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet. If you prefer, you can contact us by phone or mail.
This site provides facilities for the secure encrypted transmission of information across the Internet. While the risk of anyone intercepting and misusing information transmitted is usually very low you should be aware the risk exists.
Every effort has been made to ensure accuracy and quality of the information contained in this web site. However, no warranty, expressed or implied, is provided. The author and the publisher of this web site are not engaged in rendering legal, accounting, tax, professional or other advice or services. I.W.S. INTERNET WEB SOLUTIONS expressly disclaim all and any liability and responsibility to any person, where a reader or user of this web site or not, in respect of anything, and of the consequences of anything, done or omitted to be done by any such person in reliance, whether wholly or partially, upon the whole or any part of the contents of this web site.
Information logged
When you visit this site, our server logs information which is provided by your browser. This information is used to create summary statistics which allow us to assess the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, discover what information is most and least used, determine technical design specifications, and help us make our site more useful to visitors. The information logged is as follows :
:: the type of browser you are using;
:: the date and time of your visit;
:: your top level domain name (for example .ca, .com, .gov, .au, .co.uk etc);
:: the address of the referring site;
:: your server’s IP address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet:    usually one of your service provider’s machines).
:: the address of the pages accessed and any documents downloaded.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities, unless disclosure is required by law or due to a mandatory requirement of a Court, Governmental Agency or Regulatory Authority. We use the information only for statistical analysis or systems administration purposes.
Electronic mail addresses
We will record your email address if you transmit it to us electronically either in an email message or via a web page form. It will only be used for the purpose for which you provide it, and will not be added to a mailing list unless you request that this be done. We will not disclose it without your consent.
Subscription and Feedback forms
Some pages of this web site provide the facility for users to fill out an online form for the purpose of subscribing to a special service or to provide us with feedback about our web site. We will ask you to provide only enough personal information to fulfil that purpose. We will record it to facilitate follow up and for statistical analysis. Only authorised I.W.S. INTERNET WEB SOLUTIONS staff will have access to this information.
Cookies
A cookie is an electronic token that is passed between browser and server to transfer small amount of information.
We do not use cookies to collect personal information or to track your activities.
Links to other sites
This site contains links to other sites. I.W.S. INTERNET WEB SOLUTIONS
is not responsible for the privacy practices of these web sites and has no knowledge of whether cookies or other tracking devices are used on linked sites. If you have any concerns regarding your privacy you should ensure you are aware of the privacy policies of those sites
Learn how to get the most out of your website.
Get FREE;
Weekly Video Tips and Techniques
Latest Web Trends
How to Choose the Right Colour for Your Website
The Psychology of Website Browsing
FREE Website Brief to Help You Plan Your Website
Do It Yourself Search Engine Optimisation Tactics
Subscribe to our Newsletter
First Name:
Email Address:
Leave this field empty if you're human:
P.O. Box 80 Eltham
Victoria 3095, Australia
Canada North Vancouver
4173 Fairway Place,
North Vancouver
BC V7G 1Y8
ServicesWordPress Websites
E-Commerce Websites Melbourne
Website Copy Writing
Search Engine Optimisation
Domain Names Melbourne
Website Hosting
Latest News!
3 Ways to Convert Viewers into Buyers
Why your website is so important to your business
The psychology of “Call to Actions”
Legal StuffDisclaimer
Hosting Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
Google
RSS
Copyright ©2020.
I.W.S. Internet Web Solutions | I.W.S. Internet Web Solutions