http://j-integra.intrinsyc.com/legal.asp
®
Contact Us
Support
Pricing
Examples
FAQ
Download
No Risk, 30 Day
Free Trial
Legal & Privacy
LEGAL NOTICES
Intrinsyc, J-Integra and their respective logos are trademarks, registered and otherwise, of Intrinsyc Software International, Inc. in Canada, European Union, Taiwan, United States of America and other jurisdictions.
Other products and services mentioned in this document are identified by the trademarks or service marks of their respective companies or organizations.
PRIVACY
This is the privacy policy of the Intrinsyc Software International, Inc., Web site www.intrinsyc.com, which shall include, without limitation, the home page, splash page, and all other pages under the same top level domain name, and all content thereon (the "Site") as provided by Intrinsyc Software, Inc. ("Intrinsyc" or "we").
Collecting Information:
Personally Identifiable Information
This Site may request and collect certain personally identifiable information such as name, address, phone number, fax number and e-mail address through various means, such as Site registration, questions, comments and communications to the Site, and postings to chat and bulletin areas.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information at our Site, such as type of entity, number of employees, size/revenue per year, primary market, Intrinsyc solutions of interest and target project information, also known as demographic or profile data, though your provision of this information is optional.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that are placed on an User's computer hard drive to enable the User to more easily communicate and interact with the Site. We use cookies to customize your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to record how many times a user has visited our Site and what pages the user has accessed. We will not use cookies to store individually identifiable information about a User. Most Internet browsers include preference settings that allow Users to be notified when, and control whether, cookies are transferred to their computers. Users may disallow receiving cookies at any time through their Web browser, though such action may compromise the ability to use certain features available on the Site. It is not our intention to use cookies to retrieve information that is unrelated to our Site or your interaction with our Site.
IP Address
We collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. This information does not contain any personally identifiable information about you. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data.
Usage:
Intrinsyc and its affiliates use information collected on and through this Site to comply with the purpose for which such information was collected and other purposes, as disclosed at the time such information is provided, or as described in this policy. For example, the information collected on and through the Site may be used to send you information about our and our affiliates' products and services and changes, updates and other information concerning the Site. In certain instances you will have an opportunity to limit this use at the time the information is collected. You also may limit this use by following the instructions in Choice/Opt-out below. We may use the information we gather along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties.
Intrinsyc may use information provided by and collected about Users to better understand User needs and to improve the content of the Site. This information may also be used to evaluate what portions of the Site are more popular than others, determine where Users came from, and where they go, and how long Users stay on a particular page, or the Site in general.
Sharing:
Certain services available on the Site are provided by third parties. Intrinsyc may provide or make available information submitted by or concerning Users to such third parties in order to deliver requested services and for other purposes related to the operation and evaluation of the Site. For example, if you choose to purchase products or services from the Site, the information you provide in connection with such purchase may be used by an authorized vendor to fulfill that order. Intrinsyc may also utilize the services of a third party data processor. Your provision of information to these third parties will be governed by the privacy practices of that third party; please check for the privacy policy link on the page on which you are requested to provide information.
In order to make the Site more enjoyable for Users, Intrinsyc constantly strives to learn how users use the Site. Information concerning your use of the Site and related services may be made available to one or more third parties, such as a data processor, fulfillment agency, or advertising agency, for these purposes. We may also share aggregate, non-identifiable information about use of the Site with others, such as advertisers and prospective marketing partners, interested in advertising on the Site.
Intrinsyc may transfer, sell or assign information collected on and through this Site, including without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your use of the Site, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of Intrinsyc.
Intrinsyc may make information concerning users of the Site available to law enforcement personnel and agencies when requested to do so, as required by law, or in order to enforce the Site's Terms and Conditions.
Posting Information on or Through the Site:
You are solely responsible for the information and other content you post on or through the Site. See Terms and Conditions. You understand that personal and other information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone number) that you post on or through the Site (e.g., chat, bulletin boards), is generally accessible to and may be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of these forums are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves.
Security:
We take security very seriously. In respect of e-commerce transactions undertaken from our Site, such as credit card purchases of Intrinsyc products, we provide for the secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers by using encryption software. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, and us and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
Consent to Processing:
By providing any personal information to this Site, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of such personal information to, and the collection and processing of such personal information in, Canada and other countries or territories.
Links:
This Site may contain links or references to other Web sites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our privacy policy does not apply to these sites.
Access:
If you would like to review and/or update the information that you have provided to the Site, please send an e-mail to contact@intrinsyc.com requesting such access or change.
Choice/Opt-out:
You may choose to have your name taken off Intrinsyc's e-mail list or have Intrinsyc not provide your information to others in the future by (1) sending an e-mail to contact@intrinsyc.com with the subject line "Unsubscribe to Intrinsyc" or by (2) following instructions as provided in any e-mail message from Intrinsyc.
Your Acceptance of this Policy:
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time so Users are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
This Site is operated by:
Intrinsyc Software International, Inc.
885 Dunsmuir Street, Suite 380
Vancouver, BC, Canada V6C 1N5
Last updated: October, 2011
Download
No Risk, 30 Day
Free Trial
PRODUCTS
J-Integra COM
Learn More |
Download
J-Integra Exchange
Learn More |
Download
J-Integra .NET
Learn More |
Download
MAILING LIST
Join our mailing list to be notified when new versions are released.
Email Address
Close
HELP & RESOURCES
FAQ
Examples
Pricing
Support
Documentation
Knowledge Base
Supported Platforms
Release Notes
Download Previous Versions
End User License Agreement
Support & Maintenance Agreement
COMPANY
About Us
Our Customers
Legal & Privacy
Contact Us
Sitemap
© 2014 Intrinsyc Technologies Corp. All rights reserved.