http://jagrag.com/privacy_policy
Skip to content
privacy policy statement
Please note that we review our privacy policies from time to time, and that such policies are subject to change. We ask that you periodically review this page to ensure that you are familiar with our most current privacy policies. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policies, contact us.
You can visit the jagrag.com web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We log the IP address, type of operating system and browser software used by each visitor to our site. From this information we can derive the identity of your geographic location and Internet Service Provider. We use this data in aggregate form to build a better quality, more useful site.
Some areas of the web site, jagrag.com will ask you to provide personal contact and product information. The personal information gathered through this process is NOT sold, traded, rented, leased, loaned or provided in any way to any third party organization. It is used only by jagrag.com to provide requested services and for research and marketing purposes.
The jagrag.com web site may contain links to other Internet sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of these web sites.
Cookie Disclosure Statement
There is a technology called “cookies” that transfers a file from a Web site to the hard drive of your computer so that site activities may be tracked. The jagrag.com web site does use cookies. A cookie will not permit us to learn any personally identifying information about you, such as your real name or address, unless you have previously provided that information to us or you have set the preferences in your browser to provide this information.
Please note that you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. If you choose to not accept the cookie you will not be able to download files. You may also be prevented from accessing other areas of the site or some functions may not operate effectively.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Navigationjagrag.com
website design
website planning
website promotion
website maintenance
photography
pricing
contact us
privacy policy
Softball
2019 Summer Softball (Stats)
2019 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2018 Summer Softball (Stats)
2018 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2017 Summer Softball (Stats)
2017 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2016 Summer Softball (Stats)
2016 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2015 Summer Softball (Stats)
2015 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2014 Fall Softball (Stats)
2014 Fall Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2014 Summer Softball (Stats)
2014 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2013 Fall Softball (Stats)
2013 Fall Softball (Standings & Schedule)
2013 Summer Softball (Stats)
2013 Summer Softball (Standings & Schedule)
jagrag.com
Shorewood, IL 60404
E-mail: info@jagrag.com
© Copyright
Site designed & maintained by jagrag.com All rights reserved.
jagrag.com
Shorewood, IL 60404
E-mail: info@jagrag.com
© Copyright
Site designed & maintained by jagrag.com All rights reserved.
jagrag.com
P.O. Box 415
Joliet, IL 60434
E-mail: info@jagrag.com
© Copyright
Site designed & maintained by jagrag.com All rights reserved.