https://jasonkenison.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
I'm not doing anything funny with your data
Personal data collected and why
When visitors post comments through a form on the site we collect the data shown in the form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics to track visitor page views and basic demographics. This data does not include any personal identifiable information and is used only for interaction tracking.
How long we retain your data
If you post an inquiry through one of our forms, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
If you have any questions or concerns related to any of your personal information submitted through this website, you can get in touch with us through our Contact Form.