https://jc-hosting.net/about-us/privacy-policy/
Home
Hosting
Plans
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Service
About Us
Privacy Policy
Domains
Managed DNS System
Help
FAQ
Support
Tutorials
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
JC-Hosting Privacy Policy Statement
Privacy on JC-Hosting   JC-Hosting is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of consumers of its interactive products and services. Through the Internet, our primary goal is to contribute to providing a safe and secure environment for consumers and site visitors just looking for information.
Disclosure
We do not disclose information about your individual visits with any other company. Information such as your name, address, email address, telephone numbers, etc. are not gathered or used by JC-Hosting or any of its partners. We do collect information from website submissions only. This information is limited to your email which is used to confirm submissions or notify of changes to listings that may affect a website within our directory. JC-Hosting may share such information in response to any legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena, or in special cases such as a  threat to you, others, or JC-Hosting. Otherwise, this information is kept in secure confidentiality.
Children on JC-Hosting
JC-Hosting takes special care to protect the safety and privacy of young people using our services, and encourages you to participate in your child’s experience on the Internet. JC-Hosting is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children.   JC-Hosting recommends that parents review JC-Hosting’s content and offerings before your child explores our website and use the various parental controls for children and the Internet found online. While we say this, we do not and will not have any adult content on this website.
Information
The purpose of storing any personal information you may provide us when you visit our site or fill out any JC-Hosting forms, is to enable JC-Hosting to maintain communication with you. We will not sell, share, or give this information to any other company. JC-Hosting will only disclose user information to the proper authorities, when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
If we use cookies, it is only to help us serve you better. You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. JC-Hosting does not control these cookies or any other applications or tracking controls from other advertisers or partners of JC-Hosting.
Remember that whenever you give out personal information on the Internet, that information can be intercepted in transit. While we strive to protect any personal information in our possession, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk except for on our secure pages. JC-Hosting will only receive credit card information over a SSL (secure encrypted) connection.
By using this site, you agree to the JC-Hosting Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the JC-Hosting site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.