https://jonrosensystems.com/about/privacy/
Computer sales and service
For computer service from on-site to web-site call 716-839-9714.
Skip to content
Home
About the staff
Experience and Accomplishments
Recent projects
Frequently Asked Questions
Internships
Payment Terms and Rates
Company news and history
Web Site Usage and Privacy Policy
Site map
Computer Services
Tips for Getting Help
On-Site Service
Remote control
Business Network Services
Computer Consulting Services
Comprehensive Computer Repair Service
Dell computer repair
Sony computer parts and repair
Toshiba Computer Repair
HP (Hewlett-Packard) computer repair
Free Evaluation
Routine Maintenance
Data Recovery
Virus removal services
Warranty service
Computer Disposal
Sports Timing
Timing Services
Frequently Asked Questions about Sports Timing
Web services
Web site hosting
SEO: Search Engine Optimization
Web site design and software
Domain names
E-mail marketing
Software
QuickBooks Support
Corel WordPerfect
Microsoft Office
Ubuntu Linux software
Hardware
Hardware Warranty Terms
RAM memory
Laptop and UPS Batteries
New replacement laptop power transformers and battery chargers
Desktop LCD monitors
Hard disk, SSD and USB storage
New Desktop Computer System Units
New Server System Units
Keyboard Exchange
Surplus Hardware
Computer Disposal
Contact us: 716-839-9714
Service Area
News Posts
Web Site Usage and Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web-site. By choosing to view our web pages, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Jon Rosen Systems, Inc. relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
Collection of Personal Information:
When visiting this site, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the site, track page selections and gather broad demographic information for internal management use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party web-sites:
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. Please consider that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement:
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact
us by e-mail, postal mail, fax or phone.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website are for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
This website includes links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we necessary endorse or validate the website. We have no responsibility for the content of linked websites.
Print or share this page:EmailPrintTweetLike this:Like Loading...
Leave a Reply					Cancel reply
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Search this site
Search for:
Jonathan M. Rosen
New Posts
2019 Year in Review
2019 Timing Equipment Upgrades
2020 Event Timing
2019 Event Timing
2018 Event Timing
2018 timing system upgrades
Camera Sensor Product Research
2017 year in review
2017 remotely supported events
2017 event timing
Posts by CategoryPosts by Category
Select Category
Computers  (89)
Hardware  (26)
Dell Computers  (2)
maintenance  (2)
Services  (10)
Software  (11)
FAQ  (12)
Internet  (14)
fake anti-virus  (3)
Outage  (4)
web  (4)
Sports Timing  (2)
web  (3)
Contacting Us: Phone: 716-839-9714
E-mail: Info@JonRosenSystems.com
Twitter.com: #JonRosenSystems
Office address: 1325 Millersport Hwy. Suite 205Amherst, New York 14221
© 2020 All rights reserved. When your computer is frozen,call Jon Rosen.
Computer sales and service
Web Site Usage and Privacy Policy
Proudly powered by WordPress.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
%d bloggers like this: