https://jtkweb.host/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
By jtkweb
On May 24, 2018
Last updated May 24, 2018
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we will use any information that you provide when using this website in accordance with this privacy policy.
Contents
Who We Are
Information We Collect
How We Collect Information: Cookies, Log Files
Data Collected by Other Services: Google Analytics, Social Media, Embedded Content from Other Services
How We Use the Information We Collect
Who We Share Information With
How Long We Retain Your Data
Security
Changes to This Policy
Your Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
Sale of Business
How to Contact Us
Who We Are
Our website address is https://jtkweb.host/.
Information We Collect
When you visit our website and agree to accept cookies, information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website, including information about your browser, your IP address, and your general location as determined from your IP address, the site from which you came, the links followed when leaving our site, and whether you are a new or returning visitor.
How We Collect Information
Cookies
Cookies are text files stored on your computer, and accessible only to the websites which create them. The data collected does not include personally identifiable information.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, however you may delete, or disable cookies by following the instructions at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Further information about cookies can be found on the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s website http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Log Files
Our web hosting company automatically gathers anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The data collected does not include personally identifiable information.
Data Collected by Other Services
Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information about Google’s privacy policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Social Media
If you share our content through social media, for example by liking us on Facebook, following or tweeting about us on Twitter, or giving us a ‘+1’ via Google Plus, those social networks will record that you have done so and may set a cookie for this purpose.
In some cases, where a page on our website includes content from a social network, such as a Twitter feed, or Facebook comments box, those services may set a cookie even where you do not click a button. As is the case for all cookies, we cannot access those set by social networks, just as those social networks cannot access cookies we set ourselves.
Embedded Content from Other Websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use this information to determine:
where visitors to our site come from,
how visitors find our site,
how long visitors stay on our site,
how many new versus returning visitors our site has, and
which content on our site is most popular
in order to continue to improve the relevance of our content to our visitors.
Who We Share Information With
We may disclose aggregate statistics about our site visitors, clients and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
How Long We Retain Your Data
We retain data on our web server logs, Google Analytics, WordPress, and JetPack indefinitely. These sources contain no personally identifying information.
Security
The internet is not a secure medium. However we take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to user information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Changes to This Policy
We may make changes to this privacy policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Your Acceptance of This Privacy Policy
If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use our site.
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. Owing to the global nature of the internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By submitting your information you consent to these transfers.
Sale of Business
If this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
How to Contact Us
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send an e-mail to janesonkeeley@gmail.com. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you or if you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please mail your request to: JTKWeb, 923 Winona Ave SW, Roanoke, VA, USA.
To find out more about your rights under the Data Protection Act, visit the Information Commissioner’s website: www.dataprotection.ie/docs/A-guide-to-your-rights-Plain-English-Version/r/858.htm or read the Act online at: www.hmso.gov.uk/acts/acts1998/19980029.htm.
2018-05-24
Click here to read our Privacy Policy.
© 2017-2019 Janeson T. Keeley dba JTKWeb. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience.
Accept Read our Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Non-necessary
Non-necessary