http://justanotherfoundry.com/about/privacy-policy
E-mail:maskme@justanotherfoundry.com
Subscribe to the JAF newsletter
Managing Directors/Geschäftsführer: Tim Ahrens, Shoko Mugikura
Registered at: Amtsgericht München, HRB 215951
VAT ID number: DE298488330
Our privacy policy
Profile
Awards & Reviews
Talks, Teaching & Workshops
Books, Articles & Interviews
Usage Examples
Tools for Type Designers
About
Our privacy policy
Latest Update: 2nd September 2019
We, that’s Just Another Foundry GmbH, value and respect your privacy. This document describes which personal data we collect from you and for which purposes we use it.
As you visit our website
Our server automatically creates standard log files that contain information like the access time, your IP and user agent, the referring URL and the requested resource. We use these logs for analysis in case of attacks on our website. They are deleted after seven days.
This site uses Matomo (formerly called Piwik) to analyze traffic and help us to improve your user experience. We process your IP address in pseudonymized form, your user agent, access time, the referring URL, the pages you view and the internal and outgoing links you follow. This data remains on our server for up to six months and is not sent to a third party.
Our website does not use cookies.
If you place an order in our online store
We store your order data (product selection, country, email address, and, as far as you have entered, name, invoice/shipping address and VATIN), in order to provide you with a download link and to create your invoice. We keep the invoice data for as long as it is required by law and, naturally, we share it with the tax authorities via our tax advisor.
If you pay with your credit card then the cardholder, card number, verification number, expiry date and amount will be received by Stripe directly through an iframe, in order to process your transaction in a secure and PCI-compliant way. The Stripe privacy policy applies. Your full credit card data never reaches us.
As you download your order, we store your IP address along with a timestamp, which enables us to determine whether you are entitled to a refund in case you decide to cancel your order. This data is deleted after six months.
If you sign up for our mailing list
As you sign up for our mailing list, we share your name and email address with MailChimp by The Rocket Science Group, located in the United States and Privacy Shield certified, who handle the final opt-in and help us manage the mailing list data. The processing of your personal information is subject to the MailChimp privacy policy.
Your rights
As far as we process your personal data, you are a data subject as per the GDPR. You have the following data subject rights in accordance with the GDPR: Right to information, right to correction, right to restriction of processing, right to deletion, right to information, right to data portability, right of objection, and right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You may request from us any data we have stored about you, which we will provide within thirty days.
Our contact details
Just Another Foundry GmbH Auweg 10g 85748 Garching Germany
Telephone: +49 89 32389836 E-mail:maskme@justanotherfoundry.com
Managing Directors/Geschäftsführer: Tim Ahrens, Shoko Mugikura