http://kalooga.com/privacy
Kalooga
How it works
Products
(Y)our result
Contact
English
Privacy
Effective Date: May 22, 2018Kalooga would like to notify you of our privacy statement in order to comply with the requirements of the European Union Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”), which takes effect May 25, 2018.GDPR ComplianceKalooga receives a lot of questions lately about whether the company is compliant to the new GDPR regulations. Under the GDPR, each company that “processes” personal data must have a legal basis to do so. Kalooga is not processing any personal data that is tracing back to a specific person. To give some more insides we provide this document explaining we are doing and why.Kalooga serviceKalooga is serving widgets on websites with relevant visual content. Our events are measured by our own servers to provide our clients with statistics. However we are saving this data without any personal data of the end-users(Consumers). Statistics are stored in a secured server with password enabled entrance only. This applies for our staff and our clients. Clients are only able to see their own statistics. Kalooga saves this data to be able to report monthly and improve our service.AdvertisingWithin our widgets we are able to serve advertisements in different varieties. Normally there are two options: - Our Client advertises the spaces themselves- We use reliable partners to advertise.In the first option the Client is fully responsible to be compliant with the ‘GDPR’, like they are on the rest of their website. We only make sure ads are running in the designated positions.If our partners are advertising we will ask (or have asked) our Clients to integrate our partners in their Ads.txt file. All of our partners are compliant with ‘GDPR’. Partners that are not compliant will be paused from advertising and will be removed. Their individual statements can be requested by sending a mail to privacy@kalooga.com. Use of cookies on our company site (Kalooga.com)Kalooga makes use of cookies when offering her website. A cookie is a small and simple file which is sent along with the pages of this website and is stored on the hard disc of your computer by your browser. With that, Kalooga can combine among other things several claims of page of the Internet site and the behavior of users to analyze in an anonymous way. Kalooga also remembers your preferences. You can refuse the use of these cookies, although this could limit the functionality and usability of our Internet site. You can also delete these cookies directly in your browser.Changes to This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above.We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Site.If you have any kind of question or suggestion you can send us an email to the following e-mail address privacy@kalooga.com.