http://keeptrak.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for www.keeptrak.com
If you require any more information about our privacy policy, please contact us at:  info@keeptrak.com
Log Files
Like many other websites, www.keeptrak.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. Cookies are used by most websites to tailor content and marketing messages to better suit your needs.
We use cookies on the website to track visitor behavior. If you prefer not to allow the use of cookies, you can change the configuration of your browser to warn you when you receive a cookie or automatically reject them.
If you would like to find out more about cookies you can visit http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics – We use Google Analytics to understand how the website is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is anonymous.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites
Links To Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Third Parties
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.