https://kintronics.com/resources/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Home » Resources » Terms and Conditions
Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policy
Kintronics makes every effort to ensure customer satisfaction. We provide extensive pre-sales technical support to assist in the selection of the products. All sales and technical support personnel have many years of experience. Customers are urged to take advantage of this assistance in making the appropriate choice and thus avoid the need for unnecessary returns. We also make every effort to provide free post-sales technical support for as long as you own the product.  In some cases, support for obsolete products may be limited, or when product information is not available from the manufacturer. Support is provided during our normal operating hours.
Terms and Policies
Orders:Orders may be placed by telephone, E-mail, Fax or mail.  All orders should include ship to address, Bill to address, contact person and their telephone number, the person placing the order and their telephone number, purchase order number (if required by purchaser’s Accounts Payable).
Payment:Payments from USA based organizations can be made by credit card, wire transfer, check in advance, COD or by establishing credit terms. Payments from outside the USA must be made by wire transfer to our bank in advance of shipment. Please request details for bank transfer information.
Technical Support:We provide free technical support for as long as you own the equipment. Technical support is provided by Kintronics, and/or the manufacturer of equipment or software included with the system. Technical support is available from Kintronics between the hours of 9 AM and 5 PM (EST) by telephone 800-431-1658 (in the USA) or 914-944-3425 (outside the USA). We also provide technical support by E-Mail infohome@kintronics.com.
Returns:Kintronics may, at its discretion, accept equipment back for credit. If equipment does not meet the published specifications we usually will provide full credit for a return, but only if it meets all the conditions defined below. All sales are final after 30 days. A minimum of twenty percent (20%) restocking fee will be charged for all other returns that Kintronics, at its discretion, accepts back. In general, it is a good idea to keep the original boxes and packing material to facilitate any returns.
Purchaser must always request a Return Material Authorization Number (RMA Number). Authorization for Return is granted at the sole discretion of Kintronics. No Equipment will be accepted by Kintronics without an RMA Number.
Conditions for return: All Equipment must be returned to Kintronics freight prepaid by the Purchaser. To receive full credit, all Equipment must be returned as originally received in the original packing material and boxes. All cables, documentation, electronic media and mounting hardware must be returned in the original packing material and boxes. The RMA Number must be shown on the address label of all packages to be returned. No markings of any kind may be placed directly on the packaging or boxes. In addition to the restocking fee, Purchaser may be charged for any missing, defaced or damaged unfit for use boxes, packing materials, software, power cords, or equipment.
Warranty Policy:
Most equipment comes with a warranty provided by the original manufacturer. It is usually a one year warranty, but please check with your account manager for details about the warranty of a specific model.
For warranty returns in the USA, the customer pays for shipping the equipment back to Kintronics or other designated point of repair. Kintronics will ship (at no charge) the repaired or replaced unit to the customer at normal ground rates. Expedited shipping is available at an additional charge. Outside the USA, Kintronics will replace or fix components, or repair or replace systems that have been sent under warranty repair. The customer is responsible for all shipping costs (both directions) and must be prepaid.
All warranty activity and returns under warranty must be authorized by Kintronics. A Return Material Authorization Number (RMA Number) must be requested by telephone or E-mail. No merchandise will be accepted by Kintronics without an RMA Number. The failed equipment must be returned to us or to a designated third party to receive credit. Please contact your account manager for the shipping address. The unit must be packaged so that it is not damaged in shipping. We make every effort to return the unit promptly or provide a replacement unit to you as soon as possible. Kintronics is not responsible for any optical discs or data that may be left on hard drives sent back to Kintronics. It is the customer’s responsibility to remove or save any data on disks.
SoftwareIn most cases, software is not refundable. The policy for return is defined by the manufacturer. Once the software is installed, it is non-refundable. To avoid costly mistakes, evaluation copies can be downloaded to assist you in making a final choice. Kintronics Account Managers work very diligently to help customers in the selection process to avoid the need for return.
Special Order ItemsThese include custom cases, cables, ceiling mount kits, and other non-stock items. These are non-refundable. Account managers will advise customers at the time of purchase if an item is a special order.
Extended Warranty and MaintenanceExtended warranty, as well as on-site maintenance, is available at added cost. Please consult your account manager for details.
Privacy Policy
Kintronics makes every effort to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  The information you supply to us during ordering is not released to any third party.
Any information that you provide is used only by Kintronics. It is not shared, sold, or in any way provided to other organizations. From time to time we may send you a newsletter or other email messages. You may always opt out of receiving these messages.
Details of Privacy Policy
Kintronics respects the privacy of every individual who visits www.kintronics.com (“Our Website”) and/or purchases its products. This Privacy Policy is our commitment to transparency in communicating how Kintronics collects, uses, and discloses the information that is collected from you, the visitor of its website and/or customer as well as the choices you have with respect to the information.
SCOPE OF POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to how we collect, use, and disclose information from the following individuals:
Customers – individuals who purchase Kintronics products.Email and Phone Contacts – individuals who provide their information to Kintronics when they request information when they call in or send an emailWebsite Visitors – individuals who visit Kintronics’ Website and opt to provide contact information including an email address to receive communications from Kintronics, subscribe to our newsletter, participate in surveys or contests, or attend other Kintronics events.
Information We Collect
Customer Information
When you purchase products from Kintronics, we ask for your account information which includes your name, business name, email address, physical address, phone number, credit card and bank account information, and in some case additional information required to provide credit terms. By voluntarily providing Kintronics with your account information, you represent that you own and consent to our use of such data.
Email and Phone Contacts
Kintronics may ask for your name, email address, physical address, and phone number when you contact us by phone or email.
Website Visitors
At your option, Kintronics asks and may collect your name, email address, physical address, and phone number when you request information using our contact form.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Kintronics doesn’t use cookies, beacons, tags, and other tracking technologies to gather demographic information.
How We May Share Your Data
We may share your data with a third party that provides distribution of emails or newsletter.We share your data required for business transactions regarding credit card information or data used to establish creditAs required by law, we may share your data to comply with legal obligations such as subpoenas or legal violations.
How We Use Your Information
Kintronics uses the information it collects about you in the following ways:
To respond to any requests from you regarding sales and supportTo contact you regarding any purchases.To provide you with marketing emails, special offers, advertising campaigns, or newsletters.To collect payment and bill for our Products.To diagnose problems.To find and prevent fraud.Process for other purposes for which we obtain your consent
Your Choices
You may unsubscribe from receiving promotional material or newsletter from Kintronics at any time using our unsubscribe button, or by contacting us by phone or email.
Please visit the Kintronics Home Page for more product information. Contact us at or Call 1-800-431-1658 or 914-944-3425 to request technical information and our catalog of products.
Kintronics, Inc. 500 Executive Blvd. Ossining, NY 10562 Tel: 800-431-1658 or 914-944-3425 (outside the USA)
On This Page
Terms and Policies
Warranty
Privacy Policy