https://labs.ripe.net/datarepository/conditions/basic
Manage IPs and ASNs
We distribute Internet number resources to our members and provide tools to help them manage their allocations and assignments.
More information about
Manage IPs and ASNs
IPv4
Request /24 Allocation
IPv4 Run-out
How Does The IPv4 Waiting List Work?
IPv4 Waiting List
IPv4 Transfer Request
IPv6
Request IPv6
IPv6 Info Centre
AS Numbers
Request an AS Number
Reassigning Referenced AS Numbers
RIPE Database
Related Software and Tools
Webupdates
Release Notes
Database Support
DNS
Reverse DNS
DNSSEC
LIR Portal
Documentation for Resource Management
Resource Public Key Infrastructure (RPKI)
Policy Implementation Status
Assisted Registry Check
Resource Transfers and Mergers
Inter-RIR Transfers
Mergers and Acquisitions
Required Documents
IPv4 Transfer Listing Service
Brokers
Legacy Internet Resources
FAQ: Legacy Internet Resources
Legacy space in the RIPE Registry
Documentation
Contact Registration Services
Analyse
We collect a wide range of Internet data and provide statistics and tools that our members and the wider Internet community can use for their own operations and analyses.
More information about
Analyse
Statistics
Total Number of LIRs
Remaining IPv4 Addresses
IPv6 RIPEness
Other RIPE NCC Statistics
RIPEstat
Internet Measurements
RIPE Atlas
Internet Traffic Maps
Analyses and Use Cases
Routing Information Service (RIS)
IXP Country Jedi (Alpha)
RIPE IPMap
DNS
DNSMON
Reverse DNS Zonecheck
K-root
Raw Datasets
RIPE Atlas Raw Data Format
RIPE Atlas Raw Data
RIS Raw Data
Terms and Conditions
Archived Projects
RIS Tools and Web Interfaces
TTM
RRCC
DISI
IRRToolset
Re-implementation Project
DBConstat
Participate
The smooth running of the Internet depends on the involvement of those who give their input on membership and policy issues. And there are many ways to get involved, online and in person.
More information about
Participate
RIPE NCC Membership
Become a Member
LIR Basics for Members
RIPE NCC Access
Billing, Payment and Fees
Member Lunches
RIPE NCC Surveys
RIPE Community
RIPE Chair
RIPE Community Plenary
Working Groups
Task Forces
NRO NC/ASO AC
Academic Cooperation (RACI)
RIPE Fellowship
Rob Blokzijl Foundation
Meetings and Events
RIPE Meetings
Regional Meetings
General Meetings
Roundtable Meetings
Upcoming Events
Policy Development
Current Policy Proposals
Policy Implementation Status
Monthly Policy Updates
Join a Discussion
Membership Mailing Lists
RIPE Mailing Lists
RIPE Forum
Internet Governance
IANA Stewardship Transition
Internet Technical Community
Multi-stakeholder Engagement
Internet Governance News
Get Support
We support members and the RIPE community through several channels to offer timely and efficient help – whether it’s a ticket, a tweet or a training course.
More information about
Get Support
Contact Us
Office Information
RIPE NCC Report Form
Report Technical Emergency
Training and Education
Training Courses
RIPE NCC Academy
RIPE NCC::Educa
Webinars
Videos
Training Material
Documentation
Developer Documentation
RIPE Database Documentation
FAQs
Spam, Hacking and Phishing
RIPE Database Abuse Finder
RIPEstat Abuse Contact Finder
Service and Security Announcements
Planned Maintenance - LIR Portal
Invoices unavailable in LIR Portal
Community Projects Fund
Funding Recipients 2018
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Confidentiality Terms
Certified Professionals
RIPE Database Associate Exam
Schedule an Exam
Important Candidate Information
Get your Digital Badge
Publications
Stay informed about everything Internet-related, from RIPE Policy and RIPE NCC member information to RIPE Labs blog posts and the latest Internet news.
More information about
Publications
IPv6 Info Centre
About IPv6
Deploy IPv6 Now
Statistics and Tools
Training and Materials
Documents
Community
RIPE NCC Organisational Documents
Activity Plan and Budget
Annual Reports
Charging Schemes
RIPE Labs
Contributing to RIPE Labs
RIPE Document Store
RIPE Documents by Number
RIPE Documents by Category
RIPE Policies
News
RSS News Feeds
About Us
We're a not-for-profit membership association, a Regional Internet Registry and the secretariat for the RIPE community supporting the Internet through technical coordination.
More information about
About Us
What We Do
Regional Internet Registry
RIPE NCC Service Region
Coordination Function
Statistics
Transition to IPv6
List of RIPE NCC Services
Staff
RIPE NCC Staff Structure
Careers at the RIPE NCC
Executive Board
Functions and Expectations
Minutes from Executive Board Meetings
Financial Information
Current Charging Scheme
Current Billing Procedure
Press Centre
RIPE NCC in the News
Publications and Presentations
Press Releases
Press Quality Photos
Legal
Arbitration
Corporate Governance
Internet Number Resources
Information for Law Enforcement Agencies
Other RIPE NCC Services
Contact
You are here:
Home
>
Publications
>
RIPE Labs
>
Data Repository
>
Data Access
>
Terms and Conditions for Data Access
RIPE Labs
COVID-19
RIPE Atlas
Tools
Security
RIPE Database
Data Repository
Network Operator Groups (NOG)
History of Networking
Sustainability
About
Terms and Conditions for Data Access
Terms and Conditions for Data Access.
https://labs.ripe.net/datarepository/conditions/basic
https://labs.ripe.net/logo.png
Terms and Conditions for Data Access
Site Administrator
—
Jul 2010
Tweet
8 likes,
1 dislikes
Terms and Conditions for Data Access.
RIPE Data Repository Terms and Conditions
Version 1.2
Introduction
The RIPE Data Repository is a collection of data submitted to the RIPE NCC by various organisations or gathered through measurements conducted by the RIPE NCC.
The RIPE NCC aims to add value for useful research by facilitating the sharing of this data with researchers and RIPE Community members and shall make the RIPE Data Repository available under these Terms and Conditions (hereafter: the "Terms and Conditions").
Article 1 - Definitions
In the Terms and Conditions, the following terms shall be understood to have the meanings assigned to them below:
RIPE NCC - Réseaux IP Européens Network Coordination Centre, a membership association under Dutch law, operating from its registered office in Amsterdam, the Netherlands
RIPE Data Repository - a collection of data submitted to the RIPE NCC by various external organisations or gathered through measurements conducted by the RIPE NCC
Data - the data contained in the RIPE Data Repository
Data Supplier - the organisation that has collected a set(s) of Data and has submitted it to the RIPE NCC
User - anyone who has created an account for accessing the RIPE Data Repository
Access - accessing the RIPE Data Repository by the User after the creation of an account
Article 2 - General
1. The Terms and Conditions come into effect by means of an offer and an acceptance.
2. By checking the option "I accept the full version of the Terms and Conditions" Users confirm that that they have read, understood and agreed to these Terms and Conditions.
3. Only after having agreed on these Terms and Conditions can a User access the RIPE Data Repository and the Data.
4. The RIPE NCC reserves the right to amend the Terms and Conditions. The RIPE NCC shall notify Users of such amendments. Should a User not agree with the amendments or supplements, they must cancel their account immediately and delete any Data they posses in any form according to Article 6 paragraph 3.
5. The short explanation of the Terms and Conditions posted on the Access Request Form of the RIPE Data Repository is for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of the present Terms and Conditions.
Article 3 - Use of the RIPE Data Repository
1. A User may only access the RIPE Data Repository and the Data for scientific research or research in order to support the operation of a network. Access to and use of the RIPE Data Repository and the Data for any commercial purposes, for example selling the Data or services based on the Data, is not allowed.
2. The RIPE Data Repository and the Data may only be accessed and used by the User. The User must not re-distribute the RIPE Data Repository or the Data to anybody else.
3. A User may not re-package, compile, re-distribute or re-use any or all of the RIPE Data Repository or the Data unless when permission to do so is granted in writing by the RIPE NCC or the Data Supplier(s) of particular set(s) of Data.
4. A User may only access and use the RIPE Data Repository and the Data for the purposes as mentioned in Article 3 paragraph 1 hereof and provided these Terms and Conditions are followed. Any abuse of the RIPE Data Repository and the Data or any use of the RIPE Data Repository and the Data for illegal activities is not allowed. The Users are solely responsible for any ethical and legal implications pursuant to their use of the RIPE Data Repository and the Data.
5. Individuals cannot be identified by the Data. This anonymity must be maintained by the Users. In particular the Users must not:
Try to reveal the identity of any individuals by their own means;
Publish or make by any means publicly available combinations of Data with other data they posses, which can lead to the identification of individuals.
6. Any User must attribute the RIPE NCC and the Data Supplier (if different than the RIPE NCC) when they make publicly available research results generated by any use of the Data.
7. The User must provide a valid email address to the RIPE NCC for the purposes of establishing a channel of communication between the User and the RIPE NCC regarding the RIPE Data Repository.
8. The User must inform the RIPE NCC about their research or publicly available research results generated by the use of Data, including publications. For this purpose the RIPE NCC may periodically send reminders to Users.
Article 4 - Control of the RIPE Data Repository
1. The RIPE NCC is entitled to control the use of the RIPE Data Repository and to restrict any unauthorised use or to correct unauthorised alterations of the Data. For this purpose the RIPE NCC may perform security checks and audits.
2. Users must assist the RIPE NCC with security checks and audits as appropriate.
Article 5 - Liability
1. Use of the RIPE Data Repository and the Data is at the User's own risk.
2. The User shall be liable for all aspects of the use of the RIPE Data Repository and the Data.
3. The RIPE NCC does not guarantee that the RIPE Data Repository or the Data will be available on a best effort basis and the RIPE NCC may suspend its operation without notice or liability to the User, for technical, legal, anti-abuse reasons or any other legitimate reason within the scope of managing the operations of the RIPE Data Repository.
4. The RIPE NCC shall, in any event, not be liable for non-performance or damages due to force majeure, including but not limited to industrial action, strikes, occupations and sit-ins, blockades, embargoes, governmental measures, denial of service attacks, war, revolutions or comparable situations, power failures, defects in electronic lines of communication, fire, explosions, damage caused by water, floods and earthquakes.
5. The RIPE NCC excludes all liability for any direct or indirect damages, including, but not limited to, damages to the User's business, loss of profit, damages to third parties, personal injury or damages to property, except in cases involving willful misconduct or gross negligence on the part of the RIPE NCC.
6. The User shall indemnify the RIPE NCC against any and all third party claims filed against the RIPE NCC in relation to the User's use of the RIPE Data Repository or the Data.
Article 6 - Termination
1. Any User may terminate their account at any time.
2. The RIPE NCC may immediately terminate the account of any User, without being liable to pay damages to them and without prejudice to the RIPE NCC's right to claim (additional) damages from them if:
a. The User has infringed any provision of the Terms and Conditions;
b. The User in any way acts or neglects to act such as to cause damage to the name, trademarks or intellectual property rights of the RIPE NCC or the Data Supplier;
c. The RIPE NCC is no longer able to contact the User (for example, if the User repeatedly does not respond to emails from the RIPE NCC or if the User fails to maintain a valid email address that is known to the RIPE NCC).
3. Any User whose account has been for any reason deleted must immediately erase all copies of the Data they possess in any form.
Article 7 - Miscellaneous
1. Access to particular sets of Data might only be permitted provided that additional terms and conditions are accepted by the User, along with these Terms and Conditions.
2. The RIPE NCC's intellectual property (agreements, documents, software, databases, website, etc.) may only be used, reproduced and made available to third parties upon prior written authorisation from the RIPE NCC.
3. Without the RIPE NCC's prior written consent, the User shall not be permitted to assign to third parties any rights or obligations that arise from the Terms and Conditions.
4. If any provision contained in the Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid by a court of law, this shall not in any way affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
Article 8 - Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be exclusively governed by the laws of the Netherlands. The competent court in Amsterdam shall have exclusive jurisdiction with regard to disputes arising from these Terms and Conditions.
Share
5 Comments
Anonymous
says:
04 Jan, 2011 05:56 AM
I require datasets of ddos attacks.Kindly provide.
Reply
Anonymous
says:
06 Jan, 2011 01:43 PM
Dear Monika,We don't have datasets of DDoS attacks. If we receive more interest in DDoS datasets from our community and see a possibility to provide these, we could certainly look into this.
Reply
tony apple
says:
26 Oct, 2011 05:57 AM
I need datasets to anlysis traffic identification,so how to check the option "I accept the full version of the Terms and Conditions", so that I can access the dataset?
Reply
Emile Aben
says:
26 Oct, 2011 10:06 AM
Due to migration to our single sign-on system, we're can't currently take new users to our prototype Data service. We expect to be able to take new data-users again mid-November 2011. Apologies for any inconvenience this may cause.
Reply
Silvia Colabrese
says:
04 Jun, 2012 11:03 AM
I need to use this dataset,is it now possible to check the option "I accept the full version of the Terms and Conditions", so that I can access the dataset?
Reply
Commenting has been disabled.