https://lakewinnipesaukee.net/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Lake Winnipesaukee Info | Lakes Region New Hampshire Information - NH Vacation Attractions, Dining, Lodging, Boating, Beaches, Fishing, Hiking, Snowmobiling
MenuHome
Contact Us Things To Do Advertising Stuart Morris Tracey Morris Jason Morris Hiking Trails
Winnipesaukee Attractions
Castles Arcades in Lakes Region Lakes Region Bowling NH Covered Bridges Cruises And Tours Miniature Golf Movie Theaters Museums And Historical Societies Lake Winnipesaukee Winter Carnival
Lakes Region links
Lakes Region NH Real Estate NH Timeshares Lakes Region Autos Lakes Region Boats Lakes Region Lodging Lakes Region Services
Lakes Region CampingNH Boating
Lake Winnipesaukee Boat launches Boat Rentals Lake Winnipesaukee Boating Services Restaurants By Boat Lake Winnipesaukee Early Steam Boats How to Launch a Boat Ice Sailing On Lake Winnipesaukee NH Mail Boats Navigating Lake Winnipesaukee Lakes Region Marinas Places to Canoe or Kayak Canoeing Lakes Region
Restaurant
Dine By Location Fast Foods Night Life
NH Towns
Alton NH Belmont NH Center Harbor NH Franklin NH Gilford NH Gilmanton NH Holderness NH Laconia NH Meredith NH Moultonborough NH Sanbornton NH Sandwich NH Tilton NH Tuftonboro NH Wolfeboro NH Ossipee NH
Lake Region info
NH Lakes NH Beaches Lake Region Hiking Trails New Hampshire Laconia NH Bike Week Winni Island Hikes Squam Hiking Trails Gunstock Trails Drive The Loop, Lake Winnipesaukee Nascar in the Lakes Region Winnipesaukee Fishing Derbies Vacation Ownership Mt. Major NH History Scuba Diving
CLOSE
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Welcome to our Privacy Policy lakewinnipesaukee.net, A DigiScream LLC affiliated portal.
It is DigiScream LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://lakewinnipesaukee.net (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “ttps://lakewinnipesaukee.net”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
– Website Visitors
Like most website operators, DigiScream LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. DigiScream LLC’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how DigiScream LLC’s visitors use its website. From time to time, DigiScream LLC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
DigiScream LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://lakewinnipesaukee.net blog posts. DigiScream LLC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
– Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to DigiScream LLC’s websites choose to interact with DigiScream LLC in ways that require DigiScream LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that DigiScream LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://lakewinnipesaukee.net to provide a username and email address.
– Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
– Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by DigiScream LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
– Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
– Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
DigiScream LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on DigiScream LLC’s behalf or to provide services available at DigiScream LLC’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using DigiScream LLC’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. DigiScream LLC will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, DigiScream LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when DigiScream LLC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of DigiScream LLC, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of https://lakewinnipesaukee.net and have supplied your email address, DigiScream LLC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with DigiScream LLC and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. DigiScream LLC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
– Aggregated Statistics
DigiScream LLC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. DigiScream LLC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, DigiScream LLC does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
– Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, DigiScream LLC uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. DigiScream LLC uses cookies to help DigiScream LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of ttps://lakewinnipesaukee.net, and their website access preferences. DigiScream LLC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using DigiScream LLC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of DigiScream LLC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to DigiScream LLC’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, DigiScream LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in DigiScream LLC’s sole discretion. DigiScream LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Online Business Incorporation
Contact information:
info@lakewinnipesaukee.net
Stuart Morris and Tracey Morris Alton NH
Copyright 2020 @ lakewinnipesaukee.net - Privacy Policy - Design by digiSCREAM.com - A Stuart Morris WebPortal