https://lakeshost.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Policy”) and this site’s Terms of Service (together the “Terms”) govern all use of https://lakeshost.com and that site’s services (together the “Site” or “Services”).
The owners and contributors to the Site will be referred to as “we,” “us,” or “our” in this Policy.
By using the Site or its Services, and/or by clicking anywhere on this Site to agree to the Terms and this Policy, you are deemed to be a “user” for purposes of this Policy.
You and every other user (“you” or “User” as applicable) are subject to this Policy.
You and each user also agree to the Terms by using the Services.
In these Terms, the word “Site” includes the site referenced above, its owner(s), contributors, suppliers, licensors, and other related parties.
We provide this privacy statement explaining our online information practices, so that you can decide whether and how to interact with the Site and the Services.
We may release your information when we deem it appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Please also review our Terms of Service section that governs the use and the users of the Site.
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. If we have your email address, we may also send an email notifying you of any changes.
Contact Data and Other Identifiable Information
This site collects certain user information, which may include a username and password, contact information, or any other data that you type in to the site.
It may also identify your IP address to help identify you on future visits to the site.
At our discretion, the Site may use this data to:
* Personalize the user experience and/or customer service
* Improve the site
* To process transactions
* Administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature or function
* Send email to users
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors of our websites choose to interact with our website in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that wef gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at our website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with us are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor s interaction with us. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
We disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available at our websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of our website and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an e-mail to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what s going on with our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Mobile Device Privacy
The following applies to our site, when viewed on a mobile device:
When accessed with a mobile deivce, our site may collect information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you have, device identifiers, and information about your use of the site. Regardless of the device you use to access the site, it will also collect information you provide, as well as information about your interaction with the site and its content.
If location services are activated on your mobile device, our site may collect information about the location of your device. Your mobile network service providers may collect device-specific information, such as a device identifier, when you use our website or one of our mobile applications. This information collected by your mobile network service will not be associated with your user account with us, or with your personally identifiable information.
Protection of user information
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you share with the site.
The Site also protects your account data by using HTTPS transfer protocol.
This is a widely used and more secure communications protocol.
Advertising Network
We use one or more third party vendors to serve ads on the Site. To serve ads and determine how our users use the Site, these services use cookies, or small pieces of code to serve ads to Site users based on users’ visits to the Site and others. Users may adjust their browser settings to disallow the use of cookies.
With cookies turned off, certain features of the Site may work less efficiently or not at all.We use Google as an advertising services provider for the Site. Users may opt out of Google’s use of the DART use-tracking cookie by visiting the Google advertising Policies & Principles page.
If you opt out of ad tailoring, you will still see ads, but they will not be based on your browsing history, and they may appear in other languages.Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Cookies
This site uses cookies.
Cookies are small pieces of code that the Site or a service provider will put on your computer if your Web browser allows it.
The Site uses cookies to recognize and keep certain information.
On the Site, that information may be used to recognize your computer and browser from current or past visits to the Site or related sites.
We may use this cookie-captured information to improve our service to you, to aggregate information about visitors to the Site and their behavior, to remember and process items in your shopping cart, to understand and save user preferences, or to keep track of advertising.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
In most Internet browsers, you can change your settings so that you will be warned each time a cookie is being sent, or so that cookies will be turned off. With cookies blocked, some functions of the Site may not operate properly.
Usernames, Passwords, and Profiles
If prompted, Users must provide a valid email address to the Site, at which the User can receive messages. User must also update the Site if that email address changes. The Site reserves the right to terminate any User account if a valid email is requested but is not provided by the User.
If the Site prompts or allows a User to create a username or profile, Users agree not to pick a username or provide any profile information that would impersonate someone or that is likely to cause confusion with any other person or entity.
The Site reserves the right to cancel a User account or change a username or profile data at any time.
Similarly, if the Site prompts or allows a User to create an avatar or upload a picture, User agrees not to use any image that impersonates some other person or entity, or that is otherwise likely to cause confusion.
You are responsible for protecting your username and password for the Site, and you agree not to disclose it to any third party.
We recommend that you use a passwork that is more than eight characters long.
You are responsible for all activity on your account, whether or not you authorized it.You agree to inform us of unauthorized use of your account, by email to admin@lakeshost.com. You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your interactions the Site, it is your responsibility to use a secure encrypted connection, virtual private network, or other appropriate measures.
Disputes
We are based in Scotland and you are contracting to use our Site.
This Policy and all matters arising from your use of the Site are governed by and will be construed according to the laws of Scotland, without regard to any choice of laws rules of any jurisdiction.
The federal courts and state courts that have geographical jurisdiction over disputes arising at our office location in Scotland will be the only permissible venues for any and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Policy or the Site and Service.
ARBITRATION
Notwithstanding anything that may be contrary within the “Disputes” provisions above, all matters, and all claims within a multi-claim matter, that are arbitrable, including all claims for monetary damages, shall be decided by a single arbitrator to be selected by us, who shall hold hearings in or near Scotland, under the rules that apply.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect childrens privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
Changes to the Site and the Services
The owners and contributors to the Site will work to improve the Site for our users, and to further our business interests in the Site. We reserve the right to add, change, and remove features, content, and data, including the right to add or change any pricing terms.
You agree that we will not be liable for any such changes.
Neither your use of the Site nor these terms give you any right, title, or protectable legal interest in the Site or its content.
We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Terms Contact
If you have any questions about these Terms, please address them to admin@lakeshost.com.
Last Updated
These terms were last updated on *2020-05-28 23:22:42*
Search for:
Search
Recent CommentsArchives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service