https://legal.thomsonreuters.com/en/products/people-map
Home
Products
PeopleMap
PeopleMap on Westlaw
Locate people and find critical information about their connections, assets, and more
Free demo
Overview
Overview
Features
Testimonials
Find people, assets, and hidden connections faster
PeopleMap on Thomson Reuters Westlaw is the premier public records search tool for discovering data other resources might miss. With access to billions of public records from proprietary and trusted sources, including numerous live gateways, you can confidently get the job done faster and more accurately.
Fully-integrated into Westlaw, PeopleMap allows you to conduct legal due diligence and legal research in one place — saving you time and money.
Useful links
Sign in to PeopleMap
Support and training
Whats new on PeopleMap
Questions? Call 1-888-728-7677
How can PeopleMap help you?
Know your parties
Understand the risks during client intake and get to know defendants, witnesses, and experts by accessing adverse records and social media content.
Locating parties
Find current and accurate addresses and phone numbers, sourced from the top credit bureaus, utility companies, vehicle registrations, and more.
Witness research
Determine if witnesses are credible by searching across criminal records, social media, news, and more.
Finding assets
Discover ownership of real property records, vehicles, and watercraft.
Problem-solving features
Add speed and efficiency to your research
Avoid paying for multiple services and using unreliable sources. Stick to one platform for your legal and public records research.
Discover hidden connections
Throw away the thumbtack and string and see at a glance how people, assets, and businesses are related.
Organize results according to your needs
Whether you need a fully-comprehensive report, or just contact information — PeopleMap allows you to easily re-order report sections or simply remove them.
The power of PeopleMap in the words of our customers
00:52
PeopleMap on Thomson Reuters Westlaw: Pryor Cashman Customer Testimonial
The public record search with PeopleMap is really great. I use it both in advocating for my client to defend them, and also on the offense with the adversary. That's a really helpful tool.
Paul Fotovat
Associate, Pryor Cashman LLP
Thomson Reuters has this great PeopleMap software that provided amazing results. We were able to take (wrongfully incarcerated individuals’) last-known contact information ... to reach out and help them receive their rightfully earned tax returns.
Carlyle Bruemmer
Associate, Reed Smith LLP
We often use PeopleMap to locate an opposing party, especially in divorce and custody cases. Many times we find the other party has left the state and PeopleMap has been instrumental in helping us locate a party who may have absconded with the children.
Small law firm customer
Being able to get current information on the people we are trying to locate is very important, and the information obtained by using PeopleMap is extremely helpful.
Sandra Khan
Baker McEvoy Morrissey & Moscovits
Search over 305 million US and international public and private companies
Turn to Company Investigator for more investigatory assistance
Learn more
Related content
Infographic
Top 10 reasons users trust PeopleMap
PeopleMap is the premier tool for discovering data other resources might miss. Learn the 10 main reasons users choose PeopleMap – and stay with it.
Infographic
6 flaws of relying on free public records resources
Do you rely on free public records as you prepare legal actions for your clients? Often, public records obtained through the open Web may have attendant flaws that could end up costing time and money.
Article
The benefits of researching a potential defendant ahead of time
Investigating an opposing defendant is critical, in both criminal and civil contexts. Even prior to the filing of the legal matter, knowing all that you can about a defendant may be necessary.
Find trusted answers and insights with solutions for every stage of your research workflow
Legal research
Westlaw Edge
Discover the power of having all your legal research tools in one place with Westlaw Edge, the most intelligent legal research service.
More about Westlaw Edge
Legal guidance
Practical Law
Get up to speed quickly with always-updated legal resources while providing comprehensive insight and answers to your “how do I” questions using Practical Law.
More about Practical Law
Sign up for a free demo of PeopleMap
See for yourself how you can get the job done faster and more accurately with PeopleMap
Free demo
Thomson Reuters is not a consumer reporting agency and none of its services or the data contained therein constitute a ‘consumer report’ as such term is defined in the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), 15 U.S.C. sec. 1681 et seq. The data provided to you may not be used as a factor in consumer debt collection decisioning, establishing a consumer’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, government benefits, or housing, or for any other purpose authorized under the FCRA. By accessing one of our services, you agree not to use the service or data for any purpose authorized under the FCRA or in relation to taking an adverse action relating to a consumer application.