http://lib-sys.com/privacy.htm
Liberty Technology Systems Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and the information you provide to us. Liberty Technology Systems will
never sell, rent, lease or disclose customer information to third parties.
Other terms of Liberty Technology Systems' privacy policy are as follows:
Information Collection
When you engage in activities on our website such as registering
products, downloading trial versions, requesting
technical support, or signing up for newsletters, Liberty
Technology Systems may ask you to provide certain personal information. We will use this
information only for matters related to the service you are requesting.
Depending upon the nature of such service, you may be asked for name, mailing
address, telephone number, facsimile numbers, e-mail address, and credit card
details.  Credit card information will always be taken through a secure
server and will only be maintained for a limited period of time to ensure
adequate processing.
How We Use Your Information
Any information collected will be used solely by Liberty Technology Systems to
improve our products, services and website. We will not sell, rent, lease or
disclose customer
information to third parties.
Liberty Technology Systems may use information it has collected to provide you
with notices regarding our products and services. This may
include notice of updates to existing products, new products and services, or
other company related information.  At any time, you may elect not to receive any further
such notices.
If you have downloaded a trial version of a Liberty Technology Systems product, we may contact
you via email to provide additional information and to survey
you on your satisfaction with our software. We may also contact you to provide
advance notice of termination of the trial period. Email is our preferred method
of communication and we value the privilege to use it.
Security of Your Personal Information
Liberty Technology Systems takes the protection of your personal information very
seriously. Personal information collected is stored in password-controlled
servers with limited access. When passing information over the Internet, information is protected through the
use of encryption. Information that may be transmitted does not include personal
information, but only an internal customer ID and other innocuous ancillary information.
Altering or Correcting Information
At any time you may alter or remove personal information, including
the permitted uses of your personal information, by contacting Liberty
Technology Systems at:
Liberty Technology Systems, Inc.
Privacy/Customer Service
1713 Persimmon Lane, Suite 100
Knoxville, TN 37922
USA
Privacy Issues and Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our online privacy policy
contact us by email at:
Cookies
Cookies are a feature of your web browser that allows websites to transfer bits
of information to your computer for record-keeping purposes. You may be able to
set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to not accept
cookies at all. A cookie stored on your computer can be used to remember things that will improve the efficiency of your online
experience.
A cookie is not a piece of code and cannot be used to run programs or deliver
viruses to your computer.
Liberty Technology Systems may use such cookies on our website, but only for the purpose
of helping us to better publish relevant content.
Copyright © 1993-2010 Liberty Technology Systems, Inc.
All rights reserved.  Policies:
Legal
|
Privacy