http://libre.act-europe.fr/company/privacy
skip to main content
Overview
About AdaCore
Careers
Customers
Partners
Executive Team
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
At AdaCore, your privacy is important to us. This policy applies to all personal data we collect and describes how we collect, store, and use (together “Process”) such  data.
“Personal data” means
any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. It does not include data relating to a business or similar entity.
What Personal Data are we collecting?
When you submit an online  or paper form, we collect the data you entered in that form. We also use cookies and other traffic analysis tools to better know our audience and aid in website navigation. We may also collect data during phone calls and in person. Collectively, all such personal data is referred to as “Your Personal Data”.
Why are we collecting your Personal Data?
Your Personal Data is collected for the purpose specified at the time and place  the data
is collected. We will use it only for that purpose.
What makes it legal?
The legal basis for Processing Your Personal Data depends on the context:
We may Process Your Personal Data because you give us your consent to do so by, for example, requesting pricing information on our website. We may Process Your Personal Data as a preliminary step to possibly entering into a contract with you, such as if you submit an employment application to us or request a quote from us. We may Process Your Personal Data to perform a contract to which you are already a party, such as when we provide  a subscription service to you. Finally, we may Process Your Personal Data to protect our legitimate interests, such as  when we log IP addresses connecting to our web sites or the addresses of received and sent emails.Who has access to Your Personal Data?
Your Personal Data is accessible to employees and consultants of AdaCore SAS, the parent company of the AdaCore group, and those of its affiliates. If you make a request relating to solutions we provide jointly with another company, we may also share with them the data needed to answer that request. In addition, we may disclose Your Personal Data to our IT providers, to be used by them exclusively on our behalf and under our control. Other than those cases, we never disclose Your Personal Data to third parties.
Where will Your Personal Data go?
Your Personal Data will be stored in the European Union, the United States of America and the United Kingdom by AdaCore. When we share it with one of our providers, some of these providers may transfer it out of the European Union. In this case, we make sure that it is Processed with appropriate safeguards and under our control.
How long will Your Personal Data be stored?
Your Personal Data will be kept for:
(i) a reasonable period of time after the termination of the contract between us, whenever the Processing is based on a contract; or
(ii) a reasonable period of time after the end of the pre-contract discussions between us,
(iii) as long as we have your consent, whenever the Processing is based on your consent; or
(iv) as long as we have a legitimate interest, whenever the Processing is based on our legitimate interest.
However, your data may remain for a longer period of time in disaster-recovery systems or with third-party providers.
What are your rights?
When the Processing of Your Personal Data is based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. When practical, we provide online means to do so (“opt out”).
At any time, provided that certain legal conditions are met, you can make a formal  request to:
(i) have access to Your Personal Data;
(ii) correct any inaccuracies in Your Personal Data;
(iii) have Your Personal Data deleted;
(iv) have Processing of Your Personal Data suspended.
Such requests must be made to privacy@adacore.com and include both your name and the purpose of the Processing in question. We will respond to your request within one month.
More generally, you can direct any questions you have about privacy at AdaCore to the above address.
You can lodge a complaint with the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) if you believe your rights were infringed.
Who is responsible for this Processing?
AdaCore SAS and its affiliates are jointly controlling this Processing: they are the legal entities responsible for the Processing of Your Personal Data. We currently have not appointed a Data Protection Officer.  However you can contact us at
AdaCore SAS46 rue d’Amsterdam75009 PARISSIREN: 403 325 657
privacy@adacore.com
What are the obligations and roles of each of these joint controllers?
AdaCore SAS and its affiliates unanimously agree on :
the internal procedures to ensure compliance to privacy regulations in Europe and elsewhere; andthe Processings to be performed, their purposes, and the means assigned to each of them; andthe individuals assigned to answer privacy-related requests.Each company  is responsible for dedicating the necessary resources to these tasks.
When will this Privacy Policy change?
We may make changes to this policy from time to time due to new legal requirements or for other business purposes. However, no such change will affect your rights under the law.