http://lifelock.com/legal
Skip to main content
Legal Information, Policies, and Notices
Legal
LifeLock is your trusted partner in identity theft protection. We want to be sure you understand all of our policies including, our privacy policy and membership service terms. Take a moment to review the applicable documents below.
LifeLock Service Terms
Review applicable terms and conditions for LifeLock products and services.
Cancellation & Refund Policy
Review our Cancellation and Refund Policy.
Global Privacy Statement
Read about our commitment to your privacy, why we collect certain information and how we use it.
Website Terms of Use
Review the Terms of Use for our Website.
LifeLock Renewal Price List
Review LifeLock Renewal Pricing List.
Claims of Copyright Infringement
Review content about the intellectual property protections available for content on our Site.
Terms of Service for Privacy Monitor
Terms and conditions applicable to those users enrolled in Privacy Monitor service.
LifeLock Prior Identity Theft Remediation Service Terms
Review applicable terms and conditions for LifeLock Prior Identity Theft Remediation.
Insurance Coverage for All Members Except NY and WA State Residents1:
United Specialty Insurance Company, Inc. Evidence of Coverage for Stolen Identity Events Occurring on or after September 1, 2019
United Specialty Insurance Company, Inc. Evidence of Coverage for Stolen Identity Events Occurring July 1, 2016 to August 31, 2019
Insurance Coverage for New York State Residents1:
State National Insurance Company, Inc. Certificate of Insurance for Stolen Identity Events Occurring on or after September 1, 2019
State National Insurance Company, Inc. Certificate of Insurance for Stolen Identity Events Occurring July 1, 2016 to August 31, 2019
Insurance Coverage for Washington State Residents1:
United Specialty Insurance Company, Inc. Evidence of Coverage for Stolen Identity Events Occurring on or after September 1, 2019
United Specialty Insurance Company, Inc. Evidence of Coverage for Stolen Identity Events Occurring July 1, 2016 to August 31, 2019
1 Please call 1-800-LifeLock for a copy of the applicable Master Policy.