https://linewbie.com/privacy-policy
Home
WordPress Plugins
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Facebook0Google+0Twitter0Pinterest0
Privacy Policy for https://linewbie.com
The privacy of our visitors to https://linewbie.com is important to us.
At https://linewbie.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit https://linewbie.com, and how we safeguard your information.
We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files.
The information in the log files include
your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.
This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on https://linewbie.com to support our site.
Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.
This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements).
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”).
The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey).
DART uses “non personally identifiable information”.
It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.
You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.
However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.
This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program.
Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Leave a comment
Leave a comment Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
CAPTCHA Code *
Recent Posts
Does an un-confirmed Bitcoin transaction expire?
Looting of the Fox: The Story of Sabotage at ShapeShift
Decentralization, Scalability, and Fault Tolerance of Bitcoin
Stripe will soon accept Bitcoin payments
Zynga announces Bitcoin acceptance in game
How to import very large sql dump via phpmyadmin
How to compare the content of two folders automatically
Top 5 reasons to start experimenting with Linux
The day our mind became open sourced
Mark Shuttleworth wants to turn canonical (ubuntu) into the next Apple Inc.
Categories
applications/software (26)
browsers (2)
development (1)
information management (1)
Mobility (1)
multimedia (5)
office suites (2)
security (6)
servers (6)
system (2)
audio/video/pics (3)
Bitcoin (3)
books & literature (1)
cms/portals (1)
desktop environments (7)
gnome (2)
kde (5)
events/shows (3)
interviews (1)
people (1)
surveys (1)
games & gaming (2)
general topics (4)
guides (112)
how to (105)
tips (87)
tutorials (86)
hardware (8)
desktop & laptop pc (5)
gadgets & mobiles (2)
howtoforge (47)
internet/web (4)
design & development (2)
linux and open source blog (49)
linux.com (76)
linux/unix/os distros (113)
debian/ubuntu based (10)
mac/osx (2)
other distros (3)
news (217)
open source (8)
business & foss (2)
other (26)
uncategorized (26)
Programming (3)
PHP (2)
quotes & thoughts (10)
random stuff (4)
cool stuff (3)
funny stuff (1)
review/preview/tests (7)
wordpress/blogging (3)
Archives
July 2016
April 2016
January 2015
April 2014
January 2014
November 2013
February 2013
November 2012
April 2012
March 2012
January 2012
December 2011
August 2011
March 2008
February 2008
January 2008
December 2007
November 2007
October 2007
September 2007
August 2007
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
April 2006
Privacy Policy
Est. 2002 linewbie.com serving the linux and open source community since April 09, 2002