https://linkwisetech.com/support/privacy-statement/
Home / Support / PRIVACY STATEMENT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Linkwise Technology (“Company”, “our”, “us”, or “we”) the “data controller” of the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Statement, is committed to protecting your privacy. As an International organization, we strive to deploy consistent, rigorous policies and procedures to provide a high level of privacy protection across all our businesses and services.
This Privacy Statement (the “Statement”) serves as our commitment to protect the security and privacy of your data. It details the steps and description of how we process your personal information, including what type of information we collect, the purposes for which we use it, the types of third parties with which we share it, and any rights you may have concerning to such information. Personal information is information, or a combination of pieces of information, that allow you to be identified.
This Privacy Statement applies only when you visit any of our Sites that link to this Privacy Statement or when you contact us, for example, with an inquiry or customer support request. Personal information collected about you in connection with other Company websites, products, services or mobile applications may be covered by different privacy statements. Accessing those links may result in the collection of information about you by a third party. We do not control or endorse those third-party websites or their privacy practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third parties before interacting with them.
Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us in servicing you. Our products and services are rendered to you based on your understanding of your data privacy rights.
Please read this Statement carefully. By using or accessing our Sites or contacting us you agree that we may process your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. Your use of our site and any information you provide through them is bound by the terms and conditions of this statement.
Information we collect from you
The personal data we collect include any data you provide to us when you visit our website, contact us, request for customer support, provide us information on the web form or give us in any other way.  You can choose not to provide us the requested information, but we may not be able to provide your requested service or complete your transaction. We use the data that you provide to manage your use of our services, this includes responding to your requests, communicating with you, improving our products and services, customizing your service experience with us, and personalizing marketing and activities. We may communicate with you by mail, email or telephone. We will send you service-related articles or information on rare occasions and when it is necessary to do so.
The Personal data we collect from you as you visit our sites may include the ff:
Identity Information: This includes your name, company/organization, position, email address, cell phone number, telephone, fax number and your complete physical address (bldg. street, city, state, postal code, and/or country);
Preferences Information: Including your products/ solutions preferences and your subscriptions to our newsletter.
Export Control Information: This includes your nationality citizenship and country of residence this is to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about specific technologies
Inquiries Information: Including all transaction and inquiries on our products and solutions and details of payments to and from you;
Your Feedback: This includes feedback from you and about our sites as well as our products and services generally.
The data we collect about when you visit our sites includes:
Technical Data: This includes the IP (Internet Protocol) address, your browser type and capabilities, and language and your operating system. Our website automatically receives and records your IP address that your browser sent us on our server. We will store your IP address in our user registration databases. We will use your IP address for the following purpose of Identifying the customer and estimating the total number of visitors from specific countries or regions all over the world.
Location Information: We may collect the precise and real-time location of your mobile device. This includes a unique identifier for your device. This information may be used to facilitate our use of sites and other personalized content. You can turn off Location Services preference through the setting of your mobile devices.
Usage Data: Including information on how you use our sites, what pages you view, the links you click, the materials you access, the date and time you access our sites and other actions taken within the site.
All the data we collect from you may be stored as augmented information or log files in our server with you or your devices.  In accordance with the applicable law, we may collect personal information about you from third parties such as social media, websites/applications, this will help us improve and customize our sites to your preferences and for other purposes of this Privacy Statement.
Our use of your Personal Information
We are the data controller this means that we decided on how to process your personal data and for what purposes. We know and respect how you value the data about you and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
We may use the information collected via our sites or when you contact us with the ff. purposes:
Provide Service: We may use your information to carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information about company products and solutions you have purchased or use, process orders, handling inquiries and customer service request, handling warranty claims, replacing product brochures and facilitating our sites.
Marketing Communication: To customize measure and improve our services and our marketing communication activities based on your product or service preferences, interests or background information, where we may create a profile based on such information (see “Profiling” section of this Statement). We may use your personal information to inform you of our products and services which may be related to you or otherwise communicate with you about offerings, events, and other related topics. With respect with your privacy, if you no longer which to receive communications from us you may opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email marketing you receive from us or by contacting us using information listed in this Privacy Statement.
Managing Website: We may use your personal information to protect and manage our business and our sites including system maintenance, support, hosting data, troubleshooting, and reporting.
Improvements: We may use your personal information to develop and improve the quality of our business, sites products, and services by performing business analysis and customizing our site per your preferences.
Research and Analysis: We may conduct research and analysis about your opinions of current products and solutions that will meet your requirements
Investigation: We may use your personal information we collect to detect and investigate data breaches and illegal activities, fraud, Intellectual property infringement, violations of our terms and conditions, violations of law or other misuses of our sites.
We comply with our obligations under applicable privacy law by storing it securely, by collecting and retaining only the necessary data that we need to provide excellent service to you
We may combine, in accordance to the law, the information that we collect through our sites with other information we hold about you (this includes your use of our products and solutions) to improve our customer service or for other purposes of this Privacy Statement.
How long do we keep your data?
We keep your personal information depending on the purpose of processing. For example, we will store your personal information needed to provide you a request or certain products or solutions for as long as you are a customer of the company. We may also retain your data as required by applicable laws and regulations, to assist with any government and judicial investigations, civil, criminal or administrative proceedings or to initiate or defend legal claims. In all other cases, we store your personal information no longer than the necessity to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, following which time it is either anonymized (in accordance with the applicable law) deleted or destroyed.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data
Under the law, we will ensure that the legal basis will be applied in processing your personal information. The various types of processing performed on your data are those necessary for the performance of the service we provide to you or processing as necessary to pursue the legitimate interest of our Company or the third parties.
We will collect, process and use the personal data you provided only for the purposes stated on this Privacy statement and will not disclose your personal data to third parties except under circumstances or data disclosure (see “Disclosure of Personal data” section)
Anonymizing information
Where required by law, we may anonymize your data, this is to make sure your information will no longer be used to identify you. This anonymized information is not subject to this Privacy Statement and we may collect, use and share anonymized information for any purpose.
Use of Cookies­­
Our website uses standard web analytics tools such as cookies to analyze how you use our website and to track visits to our sites.  These analytics are provided by Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, Facebook Pixels, Sitecore Analytics and Coveo (“Web Analytics Providers”). The information generated by cookies about your use of the website (Including IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by various cookies providers (“Cookies Providers”). Cookies providers will use this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of our website compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Cookies Provider may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process information on their behalf. Third-party cookies belong to and are managed by other parties. These cookies may be required to render certain forms, or to allow for some advertising outside of our website.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We value your privacy; therefore, your data will be treated as strictly confidential and will be shared only with selected third parties in accordance with the law.
We may disclose your personal data to the ff:
Affiliates: We may share your personal information with our group of companies worldwide to provide services such as facilitating order processing, shipping for internal administrative purposes and to maintain the integrity of our information technology systems. This information will be shared for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
Third-Party Service Providers: We may share your personal information with companies with which we have subcontracted to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, processing transactions, analyzing our sites, order fulfillment, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, maintenance services, and other services relating in performing analyses to improve the quality of our business, sites, products, and services. We require these service providers to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Governments and/or government-affiliated institutions, courts, or law enforcement agencies, In compliance with our obligations under relevant laws and regulations, enforce or defend our policies or contract with you or any other of our customers to legal liability; provided that, if any law enforcement agency requests your data, we will attempt to redirect the law enforcement agency to request that data directly from you, and in this event, we may provide your basic contact information to the law enforcement agency.
Distributors and trusted business partners. We may share your personal information with third parties that distribute our products and solutions and other trusted business partners to send marketing communication. Such sharing of personal information will be performed under the laws and regulations.
Disclosure for a transaction. In connection with a certain transaction your information may be disclosed with the financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in the fulfillment of the transaction.
Third-party applications or services. We may provide you with opportunities to connect with third-party application or services, If you choose to use or connect we may facilitate sharing of your information with your consent. These third-party applications or services will not be controlled by us therefore how they use your information, and use of such applications is not administered by Privacy Statement. Please review the terms and the privacy policies of those third parties before using their applications or services.
Other Reasons, In accordance with the Law. We may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual.
Transfer of Data Internationally
We are a global company; we may share your information with our affiliate companies or third parties. By using or accessing our website or contacting us and giving our information to us, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be transferred and accessed by the company, our group companies, suppliers, distributors and other business partners and/or agents located in countries outside of your country of residence, in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the European Economic Area
Where we transfer your data to a country or jurisdiction that cannot guarantee the required level of protection as required by applicable privacy laws, we have put in place appropriate safeguards with our group companies, service providers, contractors, distributors and other business partners and agents to ensure that transfers of personal information outside the EEA are adequately protected. Standard Contractual Clauses are one of several “appropriate safeguards” under the applicable privacy laws that enable the transfer of personal data concerning data subjects within the European Economic Area to jurisdictions that have not been designated by the European Commission as possessing an adequate level of data protection. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal information, please contact us using the details at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information using technical measures to minimize the risk of misuse, unauthorized access unauthorized disclosure, loss or theft, and loss of access. We take your data security very seriously. Therefore, all the security mechanisms are checked and updated regularly to provide effective protection against abuse. Despite our best efforts no information system can be 100% secure, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the Sites over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks.
If you believe that the security of your data has been compromised, or if you like more information on the measures we use to protect your data, please contact us following the instructions in the “Contact Us” section below.
Data Security for Children
We do not target our products and services to children, and we do not knowingly collect information from children. The meaning of “Children” is subject to the laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you are located.
Your Rights
You have certain rights concerning your personal information that is collected through our website or when you contact us. For the EEA resident, the right described below may apply to you. For other users, the rights that apply to you may depend on the laws of your country of residence. For more information about your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Statement.
The right to access, review and correct personal data: if it is found to be inaccurate. You may request a copy of your personal data which we hold about you
The right to erase: you may be entitled to request erasure of your personal information when it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data, except we are not obliged to do so if we need to retain such data to comply with a legal obligation, exercise or defend legal claims.
The right to object: you may be entitled to object to certain types of processing activities with your data, this includes where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your data. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restrict: you may be entitled to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information where you believe the data we hold is inaccurate,  our processing is unlawful; or that we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose unless we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not wish for us to delete it.
The right to withdraw: this includes cases where you wish to opt-out from marketing communications that you receive from us. You may withdraw your consent to the processing at any time if we rely on your consent to process your data.
Data portability: You may be entitled to use and receive your personal information for your own purposes. This requires us to provide you where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, where the processing is based on your consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and in either case we process the data by automated means.
Any request sent to us will be evaluated accordingly within the timeframes required by law. Under certain circumstances per applicable privacy laws and regulations, we may withhold access to your data or decline to modify, erase, port, or restrict the processing of your data. We may charge a fee to facilitate your request where permitted by law. To request for any of your rights, please contact us using the contact details set out at the end of this Privacy Statement.
Profiling
We are committed to providing you customized and relevant marketing experience.  All basic information we collect when you opt in to our communications will be used to provide you with the content that applies to your business and job role. We value your security that is why we collect the only minimum amount of data we need for our profiling purposes, all such data are secured with the technical measures described in the “Security” section of this statement and we carry our regular system check to ensure that our systems are working as intended
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement, or  our handling of your personal information or if you would like to exercise any of your rights, would like to lodge a complain, or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, please send us signed and dated request using the contact information listed below:
Mailing Address:
Linkwise Technology Pte. Ltd.
Blk 3, Ang Mo Kio
Industrial Park 2A #06-08/10,
AMK Tech 1, Singapore 568050
PRODUCTS
Facility Monitoring System
Control and Automation
Sensors
Wireless Communication
Linkwise Cloud
Accessories
APPLICATIONS
Facility Management System
Water Leak Detection System
Building Management System (BMS)
Server Room Monitoring System
Data Center Infrastructure Management (DCIM)
SUPPORT
Repair and Warranty
Live Demo
Privacy and Policy
Terms of Use
FAQS
RESOURCES
Events
Projects
Clients
Catalog
Testimonials
Blogs
Linkwise Technology is a designer, manufacturer and leading provider of smart monitoring controllers applicable in the data center, server room, facility, and different other applications and industries. Linkwise provides a comprehensive solution to every monitoring, automation and control, leak detection, and wireless communication needs, while at the same time keeping it simple and user-accessible
Get in touch
FollowFollowFollow
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I AgreeDismissPrivacy policy