https://lists.vortex.com/mailman/listinfo/privacy
privacy --
PRIVACY Forum mailing list
About privacy
English (USA)
This is the mailing list for distribution of PRIVACY Forum materials. Members may choose between immediate delivery of new messages (the default setting), or digests of messages. Please see the PRIVACY Forum Homepage for more information and archives. Please see below to subscribe, unsubscribe, or to change your subscription settings.
Subscriptions are free, of course.
Using privacy
To post a message to all the list members, send email to
privacy@vortex.com.
You can subscribe to the list, or change your existing
subscription, in the sections below.
Subscribing to privacy
Subscribe to privacy by filling out the following
form.
You will be sent email requesting confirmation, to
prevent others from gratuitously subscribing you. This is a hidden list, which means that the
list of members is available only to the list administrator.
Your email address:
Your name (optional):
You may enter a
privacy password below. This provides only mild security,
but should prevent others from messing with your
subscription.
Do not use a valuable password as
it will occasionally be emailed back to you in cleartext.
If you choose not to enter a password, one will be
automatically generated for you, and it will be sent to
you once you've confirmed your subscription.
You can
always request a mail-back of your password when you edit
your personal options.
Pick a password:
Reenter password to confirm:
Which language do you prefer to display your messages?
English (USA)
Would you like to receive list mail batched in digests?
No
Yes
privacy Subscribers
(The subscribers list is only available to the list
administrator.) Enter your admin address and password to visit
the subscribers list:
Admin address: Password:
To unsubscribe from privacy, get a password reminder,
or change your subscription options enter your subscription
email address:
If you leave the field blank, you will be prompted for
your email address
privacy list run by lists at vortex.comprivacy administrative interface (requires authorization)Overview of all vortex.com mailing lists