https://lmpm.com/terms-and-conditions/
NewsVACATION RENTALS
PREMIER CONCIERGE
LUXURY PROPERTIES
PARTNER RESORTS NEW PROPERTIES FLETC RENTALS PROPERTY REVIEWS
VideosFeaturesTeamPartnersOwnersContact UsAREA GUIDE
Local Destinations
St. Simons Island Brunswick Jekyll Island Sea Island
Explore the Island
Activities Beaches History Restaurants Pet Friendly
WHO WE ARENEW OWNERSREAL ESTATESPECIALS···
NewsVACATION RENTALS
PREMIER CONCIERGE
LUXURY PROPERTIES
PARTNER RESORTS NEW PROPERTIES FLETC RENTALS PROPERTY REVIEWS
VideosFeaturesTeamPartnersOwnersContact UsAREA GUIDE
Local Destinations
St. Simons Island Brunswick Jekyll Island Sea Island
Explore the Island
Activities Beaches History Restaurants Pet Friendly
WHO WE ARENEW OWNERSREAL ESTATESPECIALS
Terms and Conditions
Lightmaker Property Manager (LMPM) Inc – Terms and Conditions
Website Application Terms and Conditions
This website is owned and operated by Lightmaker Property Manager Inc (“Lightmaker” or “LMPM”) whose registered office is at Suite 218, 1080 Mainland Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6B 2T4, Canada. By accessing and using Lightmaker’s website in any way, including, without limitation, browsing the website, using any information, using any content, using any services, downloading any materials, you agree to and are bound by these website terms. If you do not accept these website terms in full, please cease using this website immediately.
1.0 Copyright
All site content is Copyright Lightmaker. The names, images, and logos identifying Lightmaker or third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of Lightmaker and/or those third parties. Lightmaker has made all reasonable attempts to satisfy the requirements of Copyright. Should any Copyright issues arise please contact Lightmaker immediately (legal@lightmaker.com). Lightmaker will respond to any copyright enquiries within 24 working hours of receipt.
2.0 Links
All links from this website are provided for information and convenience only. Lightmaker cannot accept responsibility for the sites linked to, or the information found there. A link does not imply an endorsement of a site; likewise, not linking to a particular site does not imply lack of endorsement.
3.0 Use of Material
Material may not be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any way except for your own personal non-commercial use. Use of material on this website for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law and may result in severe legal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. You agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of the material contained in this site or use it for any other purpose other than for your personal non-commercial use. You agree to use this site only for lawful purposes, and in a manner that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict, or inhibit the use and enjoyment of this site by any third party. Such restriction or inhibition includes, without limitation, conduct which is unlawful, or which may harass or cause distress or inconvenience to any person and the transmission of obscene or offensive content or disruption of normal flow of dialogue within this site. The permission above to use said material does not include permission to copy the design elements, look and feel, or layout of this website. Those elements of the website are protected by law, and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic, sound or image from the website may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Lightmaker.
4.0 Accuracy
Lightmaker has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that all information provided through Lightmaker’s website is accurate at the time of inclusion. However, there may be inadvertent and occasional errors for which Lightmaker will correct.  Please email us at legal@lightmaker.com if you think we have made an error. Lightmaker makes no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website, including hypertext links or any other items used either directly or indirectly from Lightmaker’s website, and reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time, without notice. Lightmaker accepts no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in Lightmaker’s website and any decisions based on information contained in this website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. Lightmaker accepts no liability for any direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind, resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from Lightmaker’s website.
5.0 Availability
Lightmaker cannot guarantee uninterrupted access to this Website, or the sites to which it links. We accept no responsibility for any damages arising from the loss or use of this information.
6.0 Severability
If one or more of these terms and conditions shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired thereby.
7.0 Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by Canadian Law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the British Columbia Courts.
8.0 Privacy Policy
Lightmaker is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Lightmaker will not pass on your details to any third party unless you give us permission to do so. Lightmaker collects two kinds of information from visitors to https://lmpm.com/:
8.1 Feedback information and website usage information, from session cookies and server log files (neither session cookies nor log files contain any personal information); and/or
8.2 Personal information sent by you when you email Lightmaker information or by entering your details in an online form. Every time you submit such personal information, Lightmaker will treat that information in accordance with this privacy policy, the current Canadian data protection legislation and current Internet best practice.
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the current Canadian data protection legislation. Any personal information you have given us will never be supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent to do so unless we are obliged by law to disclose your information. If you wish to see our records of any correspondence you have sent to us, or if you have a query or complaint about this privacy policy, you can contact us by email: legal@lightmaker.com
Lightmaker’s privacy policy applies only to https://lmpm.com/ so you should always be aware when you are moving to another website and read the privacy statement of that website, which may or may not collect your personal information. If this privacy policy changes in any way, Lightmaker will place an updated version on this page. Lightmaker recommends that you regularly review this policy to ensure you are always up to date on what information we collect.
LIGHTMAKER © 1997 – 2020