http://logmatrix.com/privacy-policy/
Home > LogMatrix Privacy Policy
LogMatrix Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At LogMatrix, we respect your right to privacy and we understand that visitors to our Web sites have the right to control their personal information. Please read our privacy policy.
We also want to present information on our sites that is tailored to the needs of our visitors. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information when you visit certain areas of www.LogMatrix.com, buy a product, enter a contest, or subscribe to a mailing list. We will use the personal information you share with us to ensure the content and services that we provide on www.LogMatrix.com (and related sites) are tailored to your current and future needs. We may also track your activity (the pages you visit) on our web site using cookies in order for us to improve the Internet presence. No information about you or any information we collect about your activity is shared outside the company.
If you register with the site, or opt in to receiving notifications when providing personal information, LogMatrix may use your mailing address, telephone number, or email address to alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and new services.
If you download products, graphics, or documentation we may use your mailing address, telephone number, or Email address to contact you regarding your experience and use of the downloaded programs or material.
We do not share any personal information you give us with any third parties except when required to do so by a Court of Law.  However,we may introduce you to one of our authorized resellers in order to provide you with local product and service information.
If you do not want us to contact you, you may opt out when you provide personal information. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit most of our Web sites. However, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification.
Security
LogMatrix is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
We will disclose any breach of the security, confidentiality or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Sites in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and to restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Limited License
LogMatrix hereby authorizes you to copy materials published by LogMatrix on this Web Site solely for non-commercial use within your organization (or if you are a LogMatrix Partner, your customer’s organization) in support of LogMatrix products. No other use of the information is authorized. In consideration of this authorization, you agree that any copy of these materials which you make shall retain all copyright and other proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original. Except as specified above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright of LogMatrix or any third party.
ALL CONTENTS ON THIS SITE ARE PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PERMITTED HEREIN, NO PORTION OF THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE MAY BE REPRODUCED IN ANY FORM, OR BY ANY MEANS, WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM LOGMATRIX. VISITORS OR USERS ARE NOT PERMITTED TO MODIFY, DISTRIBUTE, PUBLISH, TRANSMIT OR CREATE DERIVATIVE WORKS OF ANY MATERIAL FOUND ON THIS SITE FOR ANY PUBLIC OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.
Search for:
Request for Information