http://lookahead.surfwax.com/usepolicy/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
At SurfWax, Inc. ("SurfWax"), we understand that privacy is important to you, and we are committed to respecting your privacy when you visit any SurfWax's web sites such as www.surfwax.com. www.nextaris.com, www.findhealthnews.com (collectively referrred to herein as the "Site"). The following Privacy Policy is designed to help you better understand what information we gather from you through our Site and our on-line services, how we use and disclose this information, and who we might share this information with. This Privacy Policy may be changed or updated from time to time in SurfWax's sole discretion and any changes or updates will become effective immediately upon receipt of an email notification from SurfWax or upon the posting of the new Privacy Policy on the Site with a link from the Site's homepage.
By visiting this Site, and/or by using any of the on-line services made available on this Site (e.g., posting, uploading, sharing, or managing information on or through the Site), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of our Terms and Conditions. This Privacy Policy applies to all Sites operated or controlled by SurfWax.
General Information Collection and Use
Our primary goals in collecting personal information are to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience, to send you information upon your request, and to thank you for your support. In addition, we may use such information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our Site's content, layout and services. Specifically, and without limitation, we may use your personal information (a) for license reporting and assessment of Site service levels; (b) to better understand on an aggregated basis how our products and services are used, gauge traffic patterns and determine what types of content and services are most popular with users of our products and services; (c) to verify access rights to content, services or software; (c) to provide you with information about SurfWax products, services, news and events through the Site or e-mail; (d) to allow you to purchase and download SurfWax products and services; and/or (e) to provide you with personalized content programming, instructions and services.
Personally Identifiable Information
When you choose to become a member of the Site (or a portion of the Site), you provide us account information that may include, without limitation: (a) your username and your private password required in order to provide you with the ability to use features of the Site and (b) profiles created by you to store contact information about yourself (e.g., your name, your e-mail address, your phone number, your address, etc.). We use your information to enable you to use the Site and to ensure compliance with intellectual property laws.
For example, your account information is stored on SurfWax's servers and if you forget your log-in password, you will be asked to enter your e-mail address on record with SurfWax in order to gain access to the Site as a member.
Moreover, we collect additional information from you when you provide us with on-line comments or feedback via our Site or post information about yourself or others to our Site.
This information, if any, is available to others accessing the Site.
We work to process and maintain accurately the information that you share with us and will use commercially reasonable efforts to allow you the ability to change or modify your user information in order to enhance your ability to use our Site.
Additionally, when you purchase a SurfWax product or service, we collect your contact information (such as your address) and financial information (such as your credit/debit card information). We use the information you provide only to complete that product order or fulfill the service. We do not share this information with unaffiliated parties except to the extent necessary to complete that transaction. If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact you.
Third Party Uses
We may share some of your personally identifiable information with our consultants and service providers for the purpose of improving the Site and facilitating the services that it offers to you. In addition, we sometimes employ other companies and individuals to perform promotional, marketing and data analysis functions on our behalf, such as sending postal mail, removing repetitive information, analyzing data, processing credit card and on-line payments and providing customer service. These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for any other purpose.
Aggregate Data
The demographic information you provide is collected by us and may be disclosed in aggregate to third parties. This aggregate information cannot be used to personally identify you or your computer.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive; each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser preferences allow it. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our Site.
Cookies help us to provide customized services and information that is targeted to your interests. We use cookies to tell us how and when pages in our Site are visited, what our users' technology preferences are, and whether our Site is functioning properly. Additionally, you may encounter cookies or other similar devices on our site that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.
Google Adsense Cookies
This Site displays Google AdSense content ads. Google has begun using its DoubleClick DART cookie (the "DART Cookie") related to these content ads. When a user of this Site views or clicks on an AdSense content ad displayed on this Site, a DART Cookie may be dropped on that user's browser. The data gathered from these DART Cookies are used by Google to help better serve and manage the ads on our Site and across the web based on the user's visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART Cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy, and learning more at Google Cookie policy.
Log Files
Like most Internet services, we use log files on the server side. The data held in log files includes your IP address, browser type, e-mail application, Internet service provider ("ISP"), referring/exit Web pages, computer platform type, date/time stamp, and user activity. SurfWax uses server log data to analyze trends, administer the services offered through the Site and the Site. IP addresses are not tied to any personally identifiable information.
The software enabling the Site has associated log and temporary files that are stored on SurfWax's servers. These files store your account information, preference settings, system notifications as well as other data necessary to enable you to participate on the Site. Your information may also exist within regularly performed server backups.
Security
We are concerned about the security of personal information collected from you and have taken reasonable steps to prevent unauthorized access to that information.
We care about the security related to your use of the Site and use standard industry practices to safeguard your personally identifiable and financial information.
With respect to on-line payments, if any, we use encryption and secure https protocol to communicate with your browser software, which guards against interception of on-line payment and/or credit card information you give us. We also employ security techniques to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the organization. You should be aware, however, that "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet; third parties may unlawfully or improperly intercept or access transmissions, personal information, or private communications.
Sharing Information
As a matter of policy, we will not sell or rent information about you and we will not disclose information about you in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy except as required by law or government regulation. We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties, to enforce laws such as those regarding intellectual property rights, fraud and other personal rights. WE CAN (AND YOU AUTHORIZE US TO) DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO LAW ENFORCEMENT, OTHER GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS, OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY THAT WE, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, BELIEVE NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE IN CONNECTION WITH AN INVESTIGATION OF FRAUD, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT, OR OTHER ACTIVITY THAT IS ILLEGAL OR MAY EXPOSE US, OR YOU, TO LIABILITY.
You Must Be 16 or Older to Register At This Site
Although we encourage children to learn more about our organization, we ask that children under 16 do so only with parental supervision.
Moreover, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 14 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a child under 14 has provided us with personally identifiable information without verifiable parental consent, we will use our best efforts to remove such information from our files. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without verifiable parental consent, he or she should contact us at CustServ@SurfWax.com.
Other Information Collectors
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to this Site and not to other companies' or organizations' websites (a) to which we link, (b) that advertise through this Site, or (c) to the websites of our partners. We do not control the privacy policies of others. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Your California Privacy Rights
Users who reside in California can prevent future disclosures for direct marketing purposes of his or her personally identifiable information, at no charge, by exercising his or her "opt out" rights by using the "opt out" procedures described below:
1. You can send email to: CustServ@SurfWax.com, or
2. You can send mail to the following postal address:
SurfWax, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy Agent
1134 Crane St., #216
Menlo Park, CA 94025
Telephone: (650) 322-8282
Fax: (650) 327-0747
e-mail: custserv@surfwax.com
Additionally, upon receipt of any electronic communication from SurfWax, to unsubscribe from future communications, you can click on the link that says words substantially to the effect of "If you do not wish to receive these emails in the future, You can click here to unsubscribe."
Because SurfWax provides its California users with the ability to exercise his or her "opt out" rights as described above, pursuant to Section 1798.83 (c)(2) of the California Civil Code, SurfWax is in compliance with the California "Shine the Light" law and is not obligated to provide California users with the names and addresses of all the third parties that received personal information from SurfWax for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
Governing Law
You agree that your use of this Site, this Privacy Policy and any disputes relating thereto, shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California. Any dispute relating to this Privacy Policy shall be resolved solely in the state or federal courts located in California.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us at CustServ@SurfWax.com if you have any questions about our Site or our Privacy Policy.