http://louisville.edu/bursar/privacy
Office of the Bursar
Home
Tuition and Fees
Paying Your Bill
Tuition Insurance
Delegated Access
Policies & Procedures
Student Choice Refunds
Student Information
Employee Resources
Federal Regulations - Cash Management
IRS Form 1098-T Information
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Home
/
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
University of Louisville Non-Public Personal Information Policy
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA)
Effective May 23, 2003
On November 12, 1999, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) was passed into law. The Federal Trade Commission requires financial institutions to ensure the security and confidentiality of non-public personal information (NPI) as of May 23, 2003. For purposes of administering the act, colleges and universities must ensure that NPI is secure, confidential, and protected from unauthorized access and threats. The following safeguarding policies and practices are administered at the University of Louisville (UofL).
UofL has established the Bursar's Office as the administrative office responsible for ensuring that compliance to GLBA is followed by students, faculty, administrative, and entities affiliated with the University.
UofL discloses information only as necessary to perform specific functions and responsibilities required to meet its academic and business mission. NPI will not be provided to individuals or organizations where such information is not required to achieve its contracted objective.
UofL contracts with service providers who are capable of maintaining and safeguarding customer information as required by GLBA.
UofL utilizes appropriate safeguards to protect Personal and NPI such as but not limited to: network firewall, data encryption, user, password, and pin number protection, data back-up and redundancy to prevent the unauthorized use/theft, or compromising of customer non-public personal information.
Faculty, administrators, and staff with access to NPI are trained in policies and procedures to maintain strict confidentiality of customer NPI. Questions regarding appropriate disclosure of NPI will be directed to University Bursar.
UofL publishes a clear and conspicuous NPI safeguard policy electronically and policy is available for public review.
UofL administers an information risk assessment program to evaluate the current effectiveness of NPI safeguarding controls and procedures. Examples of areas that have significant non-public personal information are: Human Resources, Information Technology, Admissions, Registrar, Bursar’s Office, Controller’s Office, Financial Aid, Metropolitan College, Public Safety, Student Services, and University Relations.
GLBA Appendix. Securing Information
Employee Management and Training Procedures
Shall include:
Check references prior to hiring employees who will have access to customer information.
Require employees to sign an agreement to follow UofL’s confidentiality and security standards for handling customer information.
Employees are trained to take basic steps to maintain security, confidentiality, and integrity of customer information, such as:
locking rooms and cabinets containing paper records
properly shred documents with sensitive information
using password activated screen savers
using strong passwords
routinely require password prompted changes
encryption of sensitive customer information when it is transmitted electronically over networks or stored online
referring calls or other request for customer information to designated individuals who have had safeguards training, and recognizing fraudulent attempts to obtain customer information and reporting to appropriate law enforcement agencies
limits access to customer information to employees who have a business reason for seeing it.
consumers are cautioned against transmission of sensitive data via email
advise customers to utilize password protection in transmitting sensitive information.
Information Systems
Security is maintained throughout the life cycle of customer information from data entry to data disposal as follows:
Electronic information is stored in secure locked computer centers, protected against destruction and damage form potential physical hazards.
Electronic customer information is maintained on a physically secure dedicated server accessible by password.
Sensitive information is not stored on a machine with a non secure internet connection.
Data is secured on back-up media and archived for disaster recovery.
E-Commerce and other credit card data is collected utilizing servers that employ top level SSL encryption software.
Customer information is disposed of in a secure manner; outdated information residing on hardware no longer in use is completely destroyed.
Managing System Failures
The following procedures are endorsed to prevent, detect, and respond to attacks, intrusions or other system failures.
IT maintains a written contingency plan to address any breaches of physical, administrative or technical safeguards.
Routinely applies vendor’s software patches that resolve vulnerabilities, and maintain automatic anti-virus software updates.
IT maintains up-to-date firewalls and provides central management of security tools for IT employees.
Routinely backs-up all non-personal customer information.
Notifies customers promptly if their non-public personal information is subject to loss damage or unauthorized access.
OFFICE INFORMATION
Bursar's OfficeHouchens Building, Suite 101
Cashiering Hours Monday - Friday9:00 am - 4:30 pm
Customer Service HoursMonday - Friday9:00 am - 5:00 pm
Email the Bursar
Phone: 502-852-6503Fax: 502-852-7032
WHO WE ARE
The Bursar's Office provides student account and billing information; receives payments for tuition, fees and miscellaneous campus charges; provides collection of delinquent accounts; delivers refunds and financial aid residuals after disbursement.
HELPFUL INFORMATION
Cost of AttendanceTuition Adjustment Schedule
Instructions to Set-Up a UofL PIN Privacy Statement
Special Tuition ProgramsThird Party BillingDual Credit-HS VisitorIndiana Tuition Reciprocity ULtraResidency InformationEmployee/Dependent Tuition Remission
Metro College/UPS
Important WebsitesECSI (Student Loan Billing Service),
Frequently Asked Questions Parent FAQs
Student FAQs