http://lowendmac.com/privacy.html
Low End Mac's Privacy Policy
International privacy standards require businesses to:
notify consumers what they do with personal data such as names
and email addresses
use the information only for its stated purpose
allow consumers to examine and correct data collected about
them
give them a choice to forbid sharing that information for
marketing purposes
store the data in a secure manner
provide recourse for consumers whose privacy has been
violated
Low End Mac does not collect personally identifiable information
about visitors unless they specifically provide such information on
a voluntary basis, such as subscribing to one of our email lists.
In the case of email lists, only the list managers have access to
these email addresses.
We cannot protect the identity or email address of those who
post to our email lists, since these lists are archived on the Web
and available for anyone to peruse. We do what we can to prevent
spammers from harvesting email addresses from the archives, but we
cannot guarantee that the list archives will not be spidered for
email addresses. By posting to any of our lists, you take the risk
that your email address will be accessible to spammers. We
sincerely wish it weren't so, do what we can to prevent it, but
can't promise that some incorrigible lowlife spammer won't get your
address.
Our site logs track IP addresses, as well as the browser and
operating system used by visitors. This information is used for
statistical purposes only.
We do not use any type of cookies on Low End Mac, although
BackBeat Media (which handles our display ads) and advertisers may
use cookies and track additional information for their own
purposes. This information is collected and maintained by these
organizations under their own privacy policies, which may be
different from Low End Mac's policy.
Dan Knight
, publisher, Low End
Mac
Low End Mac is an independent publication and has not been authorized,
sponsored, or otherwise approved by Apple Inc. Opinions expressed are
those of their authors and may not reflect the opinion of Cobweb
Publishing. Advice is presented in good faith, but what works for one
may not work for all.
Entire Low End Mac website copyright ©1997-2016 by Cobweb Publishing, Inc. unless otherwise noted. All
rights reserved. Low End Mac, LowEndMac, and lowendmac.com are
trademarks of Cobweb Publishing Inc. Apple, the Apple logo, Macintosh,
iPad, iPhone, iMac, iPod, MacBook, Mac Pro, and AirPort are registered trademarks of Apple
Inc. Additional company and product names may be trademarks or
registered trademarks and are hereby acknowledged.
Please report errors to
.
LINKS: We allow and encourage links to
any public page as long as the linked page does not appear within a
frame that prevents bookmarking it.
Email may be published at our discretion unless marked "not for
publication"; email addresses will not be published without permission,
and we will encrypt them in hopes of avoiding spammers. Letters may be
edited for length, context, and to match house style.
PRIVACY: We don't collect personal
information unless you explicitly provide it, and we don't share the
information we have with others. For more details, see our Terms of Use.
Mac of the Day: Blue & White Power Mac G3, introduced 1999.01.05. The most colorful Power Mac introduced an innovative 'drawbridge' enclosure.List of the Day: Mac-N-DOS is for those who use Windows and Macs.Channels
Power Macs
iMac Channel
iBook/PowerBook
MacInSchool
Computer Profiles
iMac
Power Mac
PowerBook/iBook
Performas
Mac Clones
Older Macs
Lisa • NeXT
Editorial Archive
Mac Daniel's Advice
Email Lists
LEMchat (uses
AIM)
Online Tech Journal
Consumer
advice, reviews
guides, deals
Software
Apple History
Best of the Web
Best of the Mac Web
surveys
Miscellaneous Links
Used Mac Dealers
Video Cards
Mac OS X
Mac Linux
Macspeak
RAM Upgrades
About Low End Mac
Site Contacts
Support LEM
Affiliates
The Apple Store
The iTunes Store
MacMall
iResQ
ExperCom
eBay
Amazon.com
PayPal
PCMall
PC
Zone
Crucial
Memory
Our advertising is handled by BackBeat Media. For detailed
price quotes and advertising information, please
contactat BackBeat Media (646-546-5194). This number
is for advertising only.