http://macmillanweb.com/html/privacy.asp
MacMillan Interactive Communications, LLC Website, Channel and App Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 21, 2020
MacMillan Interactive Communications, LLC (MIC) is committed to provide the best possible service to its customers.
We understand how important it is to protect your personal information. This document sets out our privacy policy commitment in respect of personal information that you may provide to us. It is important to us that you are confident that any personal information we collect from you or is received by us, will be treated with appropriate respect ensuring protection of your personal information. Our Privacy Policy ensures your right to privacy as we recognize that any personal information we may collect about you will only be used for the purposes indicated in our policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We are constantly reviewing all of our policies and attempt to keep up to date with market expectations. Technology is constantly changing, as is the law and market place practice. As a consequence, we may change this privacy policy from time to time or as the need arises. Please reference this page to view all policy changes.
Personal Information
When we refer to personal information we mean information that we directly collect from you, from which your identity is apparent. This information may include information or an opinion about you, from which your identity can reasonably be ascertained.
Why do we collect your Information?
We collect and receive information from our customers, affiliates and partners or from other organizations in order to contact you regarding our service status or for billing related issues and to provide you with up to date information on our services and the current state of your account(s) with us. From time to time we may send announcements, offering or information about our products and services.
We may display your website address on our website or on our promotional material to our potential customers. We may use your personal information for credit worthiness check, statistical and marketing analysis purposes, and research and development purposes.
How do we collect your Personal Information?
We collect your personal information during your sign up process to our service or to our affiliate  partnership program through our application forms. You may review and update your personal information at anytime by accessing our web site using your username and password.
We collect information you provide to us through the Website, App or Channel including, but not limited to:
Login and password associated with your MIC service account.
Contact information (e.g., your name, your address, email address, and phone number) on Website, App or Channel
Information about orders you place or downloads you make through the Website, App or Channel and settings within the Website, App or Channel, such as favorites, content you like, communication preferences or parental controls.
Information related to the use and operation of the Website, App or Channel.
Device information (e.g., device identifier, advertising identifier, MAC address, carrier, operating system, ISP, IP address)Website, App or Channel
Usage data associated with how you interact with the Website, App or Channel, such as programming and viewership data and features used on Website, App or Channel
Configuration data for any WiFi-enabled device you may use to access the Website, App or Channel Website, App or Channel
Information related to your WiFi and cellular connections (e.g., data usage, network
performance, signal strength, throughput, latency)Website, App or Channel and
Location information, including precise geolocation information, such as your service address and the location of a device in which you have installed the Website, App or Channel.
To whom will you disclose Personal Information?
Where possible, we will inform you, at or before the time of collecting your personal information, the types of organizations that we intend to disclose your personal information to.
Sometimes we are required or authorized by law to disclose your personal information. Circumstances in which we may disclose your personal information would be to a Court or Tribunal in response to a request or in response to a subpoena.
We may collect details from or disclose your personal information to credit or fraud agencies or debt recovery agencies for verification or debt collection purposes. When required, we may disclose your personal information to other organizations for the purpose of fulfilling a your service request. We may also disclose your personal information to our professional advisors, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers, or to other organizations involved in sale or transfer of our assets.
We may use information we collect in number of purposes including, but not limited to:
Provide the features and functions available in the Website, App or Channel.
Validate your subscription status with us Website, App or Channel
Manage MIC everyday business needs, such as administration and improvement of the Website, App or Channel.
Analyze the Website, App or Channel’s performance and functioning.
Fulfill requests or changes you make within the Website, App or Channel.
Facilitate your user experience and transactions including processing and fulfilling
purchases/downloads, communicating about those orders and their status, and personalizing the customer experience where possible Website, App or Channel
Administer or support your account Website, App or Channel
Communicate with you, including to send you requested information Website, App or Channel
Display content based on your location, including precise geolocation, interests, or past usage.
Send you marketing and service messages based on your preferences or to offer information and promotional material about the products and services you see on the Website, App or Channel.
Provide you with advertisements based on your interests and viewership Website, App or Channel
Measure the popularity and viewership as it relates to programming purchase decisions Website, App or Channel
Improve our marketing efforts Website, App or Channel
Study how subscribers use this Website, App or Channel, including conducting research and analysis.
Respond to your questions and concerns Website, App or Channel.
Resolve disputes and enforce our agreements with you and this Website, App or Channel
Prevent fraud, unauthorized access or misuse of our services Website, App or Channel and Ensure our own compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Direct Marketing
From time to time we may use your personal information to provide you with current information about our services, special offers you may find of interest, changes to our organization, or new products or services being offered by us or any company we are associated with, seminars, and conventions.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may at any time decline to receive such information by emailing support@macmillanweb.com. We will not charge you for giving effect to your request and will take all reasonable steps to meet your request at the earliest possible opportunity.
Updating your Personal Information
It is important to our relationship that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date. During the course of our relationship with you we will ask you to inform us if any of your personal information has changed.
If you wish to make any changes to your personal information, you may access our website, enter your username and password or contact us. We will generally rely on you to assist us in informing us if the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Access to your Personal Information
We will provide you with access to your personal information we hold about you. You may request any additional personal information we hold about you at any time. To access personal information that we hold about you use the contact details specified above or alter your details through the website, using your username and password.
Denied Acess to Personal Information
There may be situations where we are not required to provide you with access to your personal information. For example, such a situation would be information relating to an existing or anticipated legal proceeding with you, or if your request is vexatious. An explanation will be provided to you, if we deny you access to your personal information we hold.
Business without Identifying You
In most circumstances it will be necessary for us to identify you in order to successfully do business with you, however, where, it is lawful and practicable to do so, we will offer you the opportunity of doing business with us, without providing us with personal information. Such a situation would be where you make general inquiries about our services or current promotional offers.
Where sensitive information is collected, stored, used or transferred about you, we will only use this information if you have consented or in the exercise or defense of a legal claim or as required by law. Sensitive information is information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political persuasion, memberships in trade or professional association or trade unions, sexual preferences, criminal record, or health.
How safe and secure is the Personal Information we hold about you?
Unfortunately, no data sent over the Internet or any network is guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge there are security and privacy limits of the Internet which are beyond our control Website, App or Channel the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Website, App or Channel cannot be guaranteed Website, App or Channel and any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with by a third party while in transit. We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information by storing it in a secure environment. We may continue storing your personal information even after you have terminated your relationship with us.
Child Privacy Policy
MIC does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13 through our Website, App or Channel, and children under the age of 13 should always get permission from a parent or legal guardian before accessing the App and/or providing any information about themselves through the Website, App or Channel. Children under the age of 13 should use the Website, App or Channel under direct adult supervision.
Advertising
Advertisements (“ads”) may be displayed in this Website, App or Channel. These ads may be seen by everyone using the Website, App or Channel, may be based on the context of their placement or tailored based on your device information, the content you are viewing, and/or your viewing preferences. If you do not want ads displayed to you based on your personal information, you have the ability to opt-out of this type of targeted advertising by emailing us at support@macmillanweb.com.
Our Websites, Apps or Channels display video advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Opting-Out of  Interest -Based Advertising Users may Opt-Out of interest based advertising. While users will still see ads, the ads they see will not be tailored to their specific interests if they choose to manually opt-out on their devices. To find out how to opt-out of interest-based ads, click here.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post all changes to our privacy policy here. Any changes
to the Privacy Policy will become effective when the updated policy is posted at this location. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 818-567-2821 or via email: support@macmillanweb.com.
Further Information
You may request further information about the way we manage your personal information by writing or emailing. Email us
at support@macmillanweb.com.
Go to top of page