http://macosrumors.com/privacy/
Mac OS Rumors
The original Apple & Mac rumor site
Submit Tips:
Follow Mac OS Rumors:
Home
Articles
Apple Events
About
Contact
Privacy
By admin | Published: March 2, 2009
Privacy
Updated: 09-30-2009
What information do we collect?
If you register a user account, or fill out a form on the site, or enter a comment, any information you enter may be collected and stored by us or a designated service such as Disqus.
The Disqus Privacy Policy is available here: http://disqus.com/privacy-policy/
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the ‘do we use cookies?’ section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
We use Google Analytics to track site performance and statistics, the Google Analytics privacy policy is available here: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience, to improve our website, to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for registration or commenting may be used by us to send you email, any messages you receive will include an opt-opt link in the footer.
How do we protect your information?
All information is stored on the server, in a state of the art secure datacenter.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, we do.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors (in our case, Google Analytics).
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Personal information given to Mac OS Rumors is not sold, traded, or otherwise transfered to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the ‘Edit Profile’ page.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
contact@macosrumors.com
Recent Posts
Apple invites press to iPhone event on September 7th
Apple in negotiations with streaming partners for upcoming TV device?
Apple announces WWDC 2012 schedule for June
Regional carriers in the U.S. unveil iPhone support
Apple releases new Apple TV hardware with 1080p support
Apple drops iPad 2 price to $399
Apple unveils ‘the new iPad’
Apple announces March 7th iPad event
Gatekeeper: Apple’s next move to increase Mac security
Apple announces Mac OS X 10.8 “Mountain Lion”
Apple to launch iPad 3 in early march
Apple schedules education event for January 19th
Next iPhone to support T-Mobile 3G band
Quad core references found in iOS 5.1 beta
Apple TV update turns on TV show purchase & streaming for Canada, Australia and the U.K.
Post Categories
3rd Party Software
App Store
Apple Events
Apple Hardware
Apple Inc.
Apple Software
Articles
Site News
Uncategorized
RSS Links
All posts
All comments
Copyright 1995-2013 Mac OS Rumors
| Privacy Policy
| Contact