https://mailbug.com/privacy/
This privacy policy sets out how Landel Telecom uses and protects any information that you give them when you use this website.
Landel Telecom is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Landel Telecom may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from August 1, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including e-mail address
demographic information
other relevant information
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
to answer your questions
to process your requests, such as a purchase of products or services
we may use the information to improve our services
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How we use cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them, in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for more information). Be aware disabling cookies may affect the functionality and/or features of this and many other websites that you visit. Therefore, it is recommended you do not disable cookies.
When you submit data through a form, such as those found on contact pages or comment forms, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track details such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics website.
As was previously mentioned, if there is something you aren’t sure whether you need or not, it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please contact us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Home
Company
Contact
Customer Support
Buy Now!
Landel Telecom
175 Bernal Rd., Suite 100-15
San Jose, CA 95119
(855) 624-5284