https://mailprotector.com/privacy/
Menu Skip to right header navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Privacy
Your privacy is fundamentally important to Mailprotector
Introduction
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) explains what information is collected with respect to customers of the electronic message filtering and associated services of VirtualConnect Technologies, Inc. (“Provider”) administered through Provider’s web site at http://www.mailprotector.net (the “Service”), why the information is collected and how it is used. It also explains user options for accessing and managing information, the Service’s data security practices and other matters. This Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use for the Service.
How do we safeguard message content processed by our service?
We realize you are sensitive about safeguarding the content of your email messages processed or temporarily stored on our Service. We do not manually review the content of your email messages unless specifically requested by you in an effort to identify spam, or unless expressly required by legal process (as described below).
The “Scan and Forward Service” is operated as a “black box” that processes and filters email traffic channeled through the Service in an automated manner without manual review or human intervention. Email messages that are filtered out by the Service as spam are temporarily stored on our systems for your review and are then automatically deleted. If you subscribe to our “Scan and Store Service,” we will also store your inbound email messages on our servers until retrieved by you or deleted according to our retention policy.
If we receive a specific request from your authorized administrator to review the content of a particular message, such as when legitimate messages are tagged or quarantined as spam, we may review that message to determine whether it should have been filtered out. We may aggregate and review information about message characteristics filtered by the Service for the continued technical tuning of our Service.
What information do we collect when you visit our site or subscribe to the service? Why?
When you visit and browse our public web site, it may place a small piece of data on the hard drive of your computer (a “cookie”) to help you navigate our site and use its features more efficiently. We may automatically collect information about your computer configuration, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address or ISP domain name. Technically, your IP address could reveal or be associated with your personal identity. We review this information in the aggregate to improve site performance.
If you decide to subscribe to the Service, we use secure pages to collect your name, address, phone number, credit card number and related information to process your application. We also collect your registered email domain, email addresses and technical information about your email system that we need to setup your account and provide the Service to you.
If you request monthly invoicing, we also collect your tax identification number and related credit and reference information so we can obtain a routine credit report. We may disclose information on your credit application to credit agencies and obtain information from those agencies about your credit status. If you provide credit references, we may use that information to check references. In addition, we may share certain accounts receivable information with Dunn & Bradstreet as part of our reporting and record-keeping responsibilities with them.
If you later want to access your account online or obtain support service, we ask for your password, email address or other unique identifier. We do this to establish your personal identity and respond with relevant information. If there is a problem with your account, we may use your email or personal information to contact you.
Alerts and newsletters
We may alert you by email, regular mail or by telephone if we update the Service in a way that we believe you should know about. Alerts are usually prompted by changes in features at the Service or by technical-oriented information. We may alert you if we add new features to the Service or if we add a complementary service that may interest you. We may put information about sponsors in the email alerts and newsletters, but we don’t share your email address or other personal contact information with any sponsor or third party marketers.
With whom do we share user registration information?
If you subscribe to the Service, we transmit your credit card data to our bank for processing. If we encounter a problem with payment, we may review the order information with you and our banks to resolve it. We do not otherwise disclose your credit card information. We do not share your email address or contact information with third party marketers or sponsors.
We aggregate overall site statistics, such as the number of page impressions or users, and discuss these aggregate numbers with potential sponsors. If you send us a testimonial about the Service, we may display it publicly on our site.
Certain legal disclosures
We may need to disclose user registration and account information in certain exceptional circumstances, such as to protect against illegal hackers, to protect our legal rights, to address actual or threatened illegal or harmful conduct, to enforce our Terms of Use. We may be required by law to disclose user registration or account information and message content if required by legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena or a court order.
What data security is used?
We offer secure pages protected by Secure Socket Layers (SSL) to collect and encrypt information on our subscription order form. We also use administrative, physical and technical precautions to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal account information and messages stored or processed through our system. No computer system is completely secure, but we believe the measures implemented by our Service reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
How long do we retain user data?
Currently, we retain user credit card data to process your order and administer monthly billing on your account. We also retain other user data, such as email address and password to operate and administer the system. We retain this data for approximately three (3) years. We may alter this practice according to legal and business requirements. For example, we may shorten the retention period for some types of data if needed to free up storage space. We may lengthen the retention period for some types of data if needed to comply with law or voluntary codes of conduct.
Management of user contact information
If you subscribe to the Service, you can later access your account information online. The system does not currently allow you to remove all records of your activity. We will make a good faith effort to implement your data management requests. Note: we have greater control over data currently stored on the system than for archived data. Once data is archived and removed from the system, it may not be feasible to modify or remove data for specific individuals. In those cases, our general data retention policy applies.
Your consent to this policy
By using our Service, or agreeing to our Terms of Use, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This document supersedes any prior communication on this topic and reflects the entire and exclusive Privacy Policy for this Service. This Policy is subject to the Terms of Use, which takes precedence over any conflicting Policy provision. We may change our Policy by posting a new version of it on our Service.
If you have a grievance
We are posting this Policy in an effort to be a good web citizen. If you have a grievance with us, please bring it to our attention at privacy@virtualconnect.net. Or write to: VirtualConnect Technologies, Inc., 200 N. Main Street, Suite 201 Greenville, SC 29601 US.
FooterCompany
About Mailprotector
Jobs
FAQ
Status
Legal
Terms
Privacy
Social Media
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Reach us
+1 (800) 393-4840
sales@mailprotector.com
HQ: Greenville, SC