http://mail2web.com/webmail/security-privacy.aspx
Home
Webmail
Business Email
Web Hosting
Help
Webmail
Personal Webmail
PDA
WAP
Custom
Webmail Login
Gadgets
Security and Privacy
Security and Privacy
All activities performed on mail2web Webmail are private.
No registration is required to access this application.
mail2web Webmail does not compromise corporate IT security and has been completely designed with the needs of an IT department in mind. You can use mail2web.com through your corporate firewall and still keep your user ID, password and your messages secure.
For additional security, mail2web.com provides 128-bit encryption to ensure any messages you read or write stay private.
Additionally, the mail2web Webmail Intellilogin feature will attempt to connect to your mail server using an intelligent algorithm. In the event that the mail server address is not known for your login, and the Intellilogin is successful in locating the server, mail2web Webmail may record the server name so that the login experience can be improved for other users that use the same mail server. This does not compromise any of the security and privacy features mentioned previously and is used only to improve the experience and make the login page smarter for all visitors and users.
For users of the mail2web Personal Webmail free service, you will be asked to provide your email address so it can be saved to your profile, making future logins much easier. We will ask for your password to authenticate that you are the owner of the email account, but your Personal Webmail password information is never saved and you will be required to enter it whenever you login to your account from your Personal Webmail.
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for additional information.
About Us
Press
Partners
Advertise with Us
Legal
mail2web Webmail
Pick up your email
Personal Webmail
Gadgets
Security & Privacy
Help
Contact Us
Support Portal
Email Us
Join Our Community
Follow us
on twitter
Be our Friend
on Facebook
Call us at 1-877-MAIL2WEB to get push email on your iPhone, BlackBerry or Windows Phone.
© 2020 Hostway Canada. All rights reserved.
Privacy
PolicySite Map
Contact Us