http://mail2web.com/about-us/privacy.aspx
Home
Webmail
Business Email
Web Hosting
Help
Privacy Policy
Press | Affiliates | Partners | Advertise with Us | Legal
Version 1.7 – December 2009
Purpose.This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) governs all aspects of how mail2web.com (“We”, “Us” and “Our”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses personal information from all users ("Users", “You” and “Your”) of this website (“Site”) and all Services (“Services”) offered by mail2web.com.The privacy of Users is very important to Us and We are committed to protecting the confidentiality of all information entrusted to Us by You. mail2web.com complies with the requirements of the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). Any Services that require any form of payment (one-time or reoccurring) are intended for people 18 years of age and over. mail2web.com does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18.
mail2web.com is not an e-mail service, but an e-mail application. Registration is not required, but is available to Users interested in customizing the application making it easier for regular Users. Customers that prefer not to use session-based cookies when using the Anonymous or Customized version of mail2web.com can manually disable session-based cookies in the web-browser they are using, i.e. Microsoft® Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc… Please refer to the instructions contained in your specific browser for more information. All activities that You conduct through the Site are considered private and are not recorded in a personally identifiable way. The data collected for the use of the mail2web.com application is anonymous and is used for statistical purposes only.
Click
here to learn how mail2web.com works or click here for general help
.
You are solely responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of your email address and password and any
additional identifying information (“Personal Data”) required for your use of
any of the features of any of the mail2web.com Services. mail2web.com does not
guarantee the security of any Personal Data transmitted, posted and/or
submitted through any 3rd party web site(s). If You have any concerns regarding
the security of Your Personal Data please access the mail2web.com Services by typing http://mail2web.com into your web browser
instead of linking from any 3rd party web site(s).
If You lose control of
Your Personal Data, You will be solely responsible for all the consequences of
actions performed through/under Your email address and/or password. Without
limiting any of the foregoing, You must immediately notify mail2web.com if You
become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Your Personal Data or
of any other unauthorized use of any mail2web.com Services or any other breach
of security that is known or suspected by You.
Personal Information that mail2web.com Customized Services collects. The customized version of
mail2web.com requires storing Your email address
(“Personal Information”) to function, should You
wish to provide it. However Your password associated with any email address
stored is not collected at anytime. Customized users of mail2web.com are
provided with a unique username that is used to access their customized
account, and will also select a password specific to this customized account
that should be different from any of their email account passwords. This
password is maintained by mail2web.com exclusively for the purpose of enabling
customized users to manage their mail2web.com account and to add and/or delete
services associated with their account. We may also collect demographic data
regarding Your income level, occupation, gender and information about the
industry in which You work (the
“Ancillary Personal
Information”)
if You choose to use the
customized version of mail2web. mail2web may also collect Your name and email
address should You attempt to contact us by way of Our web-based feedback
and/or support form hosted on the mail2web.com Site, or if You contact us by telephone,
email or online chat for any other reason. The Profile Information can include
a variety of personal information, including name, email address, messenger
account, picture, gender, physical location, interests and other personal
information. By default, mail2web.com will not make the Profile Information
accessible to the public. However, Users have the option to make some or all of
their Profile Information included in an online directory of Users that is
accessible and searchable by the public. By indicating that you would like for
some or all of the Profile Information to be disclosed, Users are consenting to
its inclusion in the online directory. Please be aware that mail2web.com does
not generally monitor or review the information in a User’s Profile Information
and the information that you choose to provide can be publicly accessible as
described above. Please use caution when deciding on what information to
include in your Profile Information and what information to make public.
mail2web.com will maintain your Profile Information on our servers until such
time that you delete, modify or the account is terminated by mail2web.com for
being considered inactive, whichever occurs first.
Personal Information that mail2web.com Premium Services collects. mail2web.com, as part of any Premium Services provided to Users, may collect personally identifiable information (“Premium Services Personal Information”) from Premium Services Users. This includes name, address, email address, date of birth, and credit card information (“Billing Information”) that You provide, and any correspondence that You have with mail2web.com that occurs by way of email, web-based email forms and/or support tickets that are generated for the purpose of communicating and/or resolving any issues related to the Premium Services. Premium Services are defined as any Services provided by mail2web.com that require any one-time or reoccurring charges. Examples of Premium Services include but are not limited to: mail2web.com Exchange accounts, and mail2web.com ISP services. All Premium Service Users of mail2web.com will be provided with a unique username that is used to access their account and will also select a password specific to this account that should be different from any of their email account passwords. This account and password is maintained by mail2web.com exclusively for the purpose of managing all mail2web.com Premium Services through the mail2web web-based Control Panel. mail2web.com also collects additional usage information (“Additional Premium Services Usage Information”) that is collected electronically regarding how Premium Services Users use our website (e.g. by tracking the number of unique page views received by the pages of the website, or the domains from which Users originate) or via cookies that can be used to identify the User should they visit the website again. Additional Premium Services Usage Information collected may include other information about Your visits to our website. For example, we may collect information about Your computer, such as your IP address (a number assigned to Your computer); the type of Internet browser you are using; the type of computer operating system you are using; or the domain name of the website from which You linked to our websites. This Additional Premium Services Usage Information will be anonymized and will not be linked to Your Premium Services Personal Information or any Personal Information collected and will only be collected in the aggregate in connection with all the users of our website for planning, forecasting and/or evaluation purposes. As such, please note that this Policy does not cover aggregated data from which the identity of an individual cannot be determined. mail2web.com retains the right to use anonymous aggregated data in any way that it determines appropriate.
Information about 3rd party services and/or software. mail2web.com offers a variety of 3rd party services and/or software that can be used by Users either as an add-on to the Services and/or a download, with your permission, to Your computer to enhance Your experience with the Services, i.e. the Microsoft® Outlook client, Any such add-on(s) and/or downloaded software(s) obtained by way of mail2web.com are subject to separate Privacy Policies from each of their respective 3rd party providers. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any such add-on(s) and/or downloaded software. It is Your responsibility to review and agree to the Privacy Policy of each add-on and/or downloaded software program obtained by way of mail2web.com before using said add-on and/or software. You acknowledge and agree that Your continued use of any such add-on and/or downloaded software constitutes Your consent to the Privacy Policy of said 3rd party provider.
Your consent. Your provision of
Personal Information to mail2web.com means that You agree and consent to the
fact that mail2web.com may collect, use and disclose Your Personal Information
in accordance with this Policy. If You do not agree with these terms, you are
requested not to provide any Personal Information to mail2web.com. Any
Customized or Premium Services offered by mail2web.com can only be offered if
You provide Personal Information to mail2web.com. Consequently, if You choose
not to provide us with any required Personal Information, mail2web.com will not
be able to offer You these certain services.
How mail2web.com uses and discloses Personal Information.We use Your Personal
Information to identify You when You use the Service. We never use Your
Personal Information for any other purpose, and we do not share or sell Your
Personal Information. If You choose to provide Us with Ancillary Personal Information,
that aggregated data is only used by Us as part of Our advertising
engine and for statistical purposes. If You choose to provide Us with Profile
Information, any part of the Profile Information that You indicate can be made
public will be included in an online directory of Users that is accessible and
searchable by the public.
Notwithstanding the
above, mail2web.com may, from time-to-time, use Customized and Premium Services
Personal Information collected through this website to:
provide Customized
and Premium Services Users with a product or service that has been requested;
contact Customized and Premium Services Users directly regarding products
and services offered by mail2web.com and its trusted affiliates, independent
contractors and business partners;
understand Customized and Premium
Services User preferences in order to enhance Customized and Premium Services
Users' experience with mail2web.com and such affiliates, independent
contractors and business partners;
research the effectiveness of the
website and the marketing, advertising and sales efforts of mail2web.com, its
trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners; and
for
the collection of account receivables owed by You to mail2web.com.
Customized and Premium
Services Users that do not wish to receive information regarding the
products and services offered by mail2web.com and its trusted affiliates,
independent contractors and business partners please:
send an e-mail to the
address listed at the end of this policy; or
log into web-based Control
Panel and change the appropriate preferences to ensure that They do not receive
any correspondence from mail2web.com for any products and services offered by
mail2web.com, its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business
partners. mail2web.com's use of Personal Information is limited to these
purposes. Unless permitted by law, no Personal Information about a User is
collected, without first obtaining the consent of the individual to the
collection, use and dissemination of that information.
Statistical Information. mail2web.com, may from
time-to-time outsource the collection of statistical information, for the sole
purpose of obtaining objective and reliable utilization reports (“Reports”),
based on aggregated and non-identifiable data collected from usage reporting
tools. All such Reports are used internally to determine utilization levels of
various services which ultimately will be used for capital and operational
budgeting purposes. At no time can it be used in anyway to identify or track
individual users. mail2web.com will use reasonable efforts to ensure any
outsourcing agreement established for this purpose adheres to this Privacy
Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information. We never disclose your Personal
Information without consent except pursuant to the requirements of Section 7(3)
– Disclosure without knowledge or consent – of PIPEDA and Division 1 –
Protection of Personal Information – of PIPEDA, in which circumstances mail2web.com
may be obligated to disclose information without consent. The only exception is
the information disclosed for the purposes of registering a domain name that
could be used in conjunction with mail2web.com Premium Services. Only contract
information for a domain name will be provided to the registrar partner(s) in
order to complete the registration process. Where obliged or permitted to
disclose information without consent, mail2web.com will not disclose more
information than is required or requested.
Personal Information may
also be subject to transfer to another company in the event of a change of
ownership of all or part of mail2web.com. This will occur only if the parties
have entered into an agreement under which the collection, use and disclosure of
such information is restricted to those purposes that relate to the business
transaction, including a determination whether or not to proceed with the
business transaction, and is to be used by the parties to carry out and
complete the business transaction.
Maintenance and Security of Personal Information. mail2web.com retains
Personal Information about Users as long as mail2web.com believes it is
necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. Currently,
mail2web.com holds the Personal Information in the City of Toronto, Ontario,
Canada.
Personal Information
about Users that is maintained on our systems is protected using industry
standard security measures and mail2web.com complies with the security
safeguards principal of Schedule 1, Clause 4.7 of PIPEDA. However, we cannot
guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from
our systems will be completely secure and transmission of information over the
Internet is susceptible to possible loss, misrouting, interception and misuse.
Access to Personal Information. mail2web.com provides individuals
with access to Personal Information held about them and complies with the
individual access principal of Schedule 1, Clause 4.9 of PIPEDA.
Pursuant to Schedule 1,
Clause 4.9.5 of PIPEDA, if You believe that Your Personal Information on file
is not correct, You may request an update of that information by sending a
request to the person indicated below. Alternatively, Customized and Premium
Service Users can update Personal Information through the web-based Control
Panel at anytime. mail2web.com reserves the right not to change any Personal
Information but will append any alternative text You believe appropriate.
Pursuant to Schedule 1,
Clause 4.9.5 of PIPEDA, You may also request that mail2web.com delete Your
Personal Information from mail2web.com’s system and records . However, due to
technical constraints and the fact that mail2web.com backs up its systems,
Personal Information may continue to reside in mail2web.com’s systems after
deletion for some time. Individuals, therefore, should not expect that their
Personal Information would be completely removed from mail2web.com’s systems in
response to an accepted request for deletion. Any Personal Information You provide
in connection with the Customized or Premium Services will remain on
mail2web.com systems until it is deleted by You. mail2web.com reserves the
right to remove and delete inactive accounts.
As per Division 1,
Clause 9 of PIPEDA, mail2web.com reserves the right to decline access to
Personal Information where disclosure of the information requested is not
required.
Pursuant to the
principal in Schedule 1, Clause 4.9.4 of PIPEDA, where information will not or
cannot be disclosed, the individual making the request will be provided with
the reasons for non-disclosure. Where information will be disclosed,
mail2web.com will endeavour to provide the information in question within a
reasonable time and no later than thirty (30) working days following the request.
mail2web.com will not respond to
repetitious or vexatious requests for access. In determining whether a request
is repetitious or vexatious, mail2web.com will consider such factors as the
frequency with which information is updated, the purpose for which the
information is used, and the nature of the information.
To guard against
fraudulent requests for access, mail2web.com will require sufficient
information to allow it to confirm the identity of the person making the
request before granting access or making corrections.
Amendment of mail2web.com practices and this Policy.This statement is in
effect as of June 17, 2009. mail2web.com will from time to time review and
revise its privacy practices and this Policy. In the event of any amendment, an
appropriate notice will be posted on this website. Policy changes will apply to
the information collected from the date of posting of the revised Policy to
mail2web.com’s website as well as to existing information held by mail2web.com.
If
You have any comments or suggestions to improve the service, please
write us at suggestions@mail2web.com.
Questions
If you have any questions about the privacy practices of mail2web.com,
or you wish to access your Personal Information, please contact:
Legal and Compliance
SoftCom Inc.
Toronto, ON M5J 2R8
E-mail: legal@softcom.com
Fax. 416-957-7401
Call us at 1-877-MAIL2WEB to get push email on your iPhone, BlackBerry or Windows Phone.
© 2020 Hostway Canada. All rights reserved.
Privacy
PolicySite Map
Contact Us