http://make-website.com/domain-name-privacy.php
Domain Name Privacy | Make Website
Looking for information on how to make your own free website – Click here
Home
How
Domain Name
Web hosting
Best Web Hosting Services
Design website
Website Redesign
How to make a website like Amazon
Add content
Basic Search Engine Optimization
Publish website
Website Optimization
What
Articles
Photo Gallery
Blogs
Content Management System
Shopping Cart
Why
Personal
Business
Work At Home
Kids Website
Information
Non-profit
Combination
Free Websites
Free CDN
Free Website Backgrounds
Free Webpage Header images
Free logo maker
Free Images
Free Online Image Editor
Good stuff
Site Builders
Keywords and keyphrases
Niche Websites
Website Questions
Adding Video
Domain Name Privacy
Work From Home Scams
Best Web Hosting Services
Free Directories
NET KIDS
Make a website for free for kids
Make a website for free for kids with games
Making websites
Free clip art and images
Easy free logo maker
How to make a website like icarly
Fun Kids websites
Easy HTML for kids
How kids can stay safe online
NET TEENS
How to make a book review blog
Creative ways to make money online
Writing short stories or books
Creating book covers
Creating intro, promotion and book trailer videos
Select Page
Some people do not realize that all of the personal information they registered the domain with, such as their full name, street address, phone number, and email address, can be looked up online.
Anyone can type in the domain address of a website to see this information. You can find this information at a whois website such as: http://whois.domaintools.com/
People can also use your details to send you spam and sales phone calls.
For some domain extensions, you can pay extra to have all of this information kept private. For example, a .com and .net extension can be registered under private registration.
If you are registering a domain name of a particular country – you may not be able to have your details kept private, as some countries require that your details are displayed in whois.
If you are registering a few domain names at the one time, with the same details, they are a mix of private registrations and non-private registrations – be aware that whois may list them all together as belonging to you (this can happen if all the names are pointed at the same IP number, and the root domain name is public.)
If you have an online business – having a private domain registration may not be in your best interests. Customers may want to see who owns the website, and they might feel that your website is more dependable if they can see your physical address and phone number. (Especially if these are not on your website itself.)
Make-Website.com
Contact
Privacy
Copyright
Disclaimer
How to create a website free of cost
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy