http://make-website.com/privacy.php
Free Websites
Website Optimization
Privacy
Your privacy on this site is important to us.
This page is provided to explain our information practices and to enable you to make choices about the way your information is collected.
Email addresses and personal details
We hate spam! All email addresses and names sent to us  through our contact form or sign up form are kept strictly confidential and not used in any way, and NEVER passed onto a third party.
We may publish a question that you have asked us through an email on our site, but we will NOT publish your name or email address.
Cookies, ‘Web Beacons’ and Visitor Data Tracking
This site uses Awstats, Amazon and Google analytics for data gathering on visitor numbers, search terms and other analytical data, which may place a cookie on your computer.
Third party ad networks may gather your IP address from this site – which is in order for these networks to show ads related to your country and to measure data related to their advertising.
http:/www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Beginning in April, GoogleAds may be using behavioural-based tracking based on your browsing interests. You can set/delete your own preferences here:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
You can also opt out of the tracking cookies that a number of advertising companies may place on your computer at The Network Advertising Initiative:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
You can also generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
Removal of cookies
You can remove all cookies from your computer by deleting them, or you can raise the privacy on your computer by not allowing cookies on your computer.
Please see above for tracking cookies.
Family-friendly website
This is a family-friendly website and we do not allow advertising for ‘adult websites’, ‘hate websites’ or any other type of site that does not fit with a family-friendly framework. This website uses context-based advertising that is not wholly within our control, and we monitor this rigorously. If you see any advertisement that is outside of a family-friendly framework, please contact us to let us know.
We do not knowingly collect any information on persons under the age of 13. To sign up for our newsletter, you must be over the over age of 13 and must insert your birth date.
This privacy policy may be updated periodically and you should check back to read the latest policy.
July 2013
Recent Posts
YouTube Thumbnail design new method
YouTube Thumbnails
YouTuber
BE CREATIVE
Free Websites
How
Domain Name
Design website
Website Redesign
Search Engine Optimization
Keywords and keyphrases
NET KIDS
NET TEENS
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkNoPrivacy policy