http://managementcasestudy.googlepages.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
We take your online privacy very seriously. Therefore, any data that we collect as a result of your use of the site remains confidential. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Personal information'Personal information' is information that you provide such as your name, email address or billing information, or other such information. This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
CookiesA "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Advertising vendors that serve ads on our site may use their own cookies for targeted advertising opportunities. Online advertising vendors use cookies in order to serve you advertisements tailored to content you have shown interest in. Web site usage information about visitors may be transmitted to the third party servers for the purpose of targeting advertisements, using Web Beacons and cookies provided by our third-party ad server on this site. We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain.  The information collected and logged on our behalf through this technology is not personally identifiable.
You may choose not to accept any cookies from any party by changing the settings on your browser. Please be aware that this will disable any cookies delivered to your browser by any party, not just the cookies delivered by us or third-party vendors.
We display Ads by Google on our site. Google Advertising Cookie and Privacy Policies:Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.