https://marketwise.net/privacy-disclosure-statement/
Top MenuAbout Us
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy | Disclosure
Navigation
Home
MainStrategic Research
Keyword Research Services
Competitor Research
Content Development
Blog Content Strategy
Editorial Calendar Planning
Content Marketing
Acquiring Content
Marketing Content
Search & Social Marketing
Local SEO Services
SEO Services
PPC Services
Lead Nurturing
Email Marketing
Lead Nurturing Campaigns
Analytics & Optimization
Return to Content
Terms of Use
March 8, 2016
Privacy and Disclosure Statement
Market Wise Inc. (MWI) (referred to as “we”, “us” and “our”) operates the Web address, http://marketwise.net (the “Site”). The Site is subject to the following terms and conditions, which set forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Site.
Your Consent
By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use (the Agreement). Please read this Agreement carefully. If you do not agree to these terms, we ask that you leave this Site immediately.
We reserve the right to modify or otherwise update this Agreement at any time by posting the modified version on our Site and revising the effective date. When we post a change, the change is effective upon posting.
To obtain information about our operating practices, please see our Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement, below.
Privacy Policy (This policy was last modified on 03/03/2016)
Your Consent
By using our Site, you agree to let us collect and use information per the guidelines of this policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes on this page and note the effective date so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
We reserve the right to modify or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the modified version on our Site and revising the effective date. When we post a change, the change is effective upon posting.
What information do we collect?
When you order or register on our site, we may ask you to provide your name or e-mail address. If you do not provide your name to us, you may visit our site anonymously.
How do we use the information we collect?
We may use any information we collect in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. In some cases, the information you provide helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our web site. We believe in continuous improvement and strive to improve our web site offerings based on the information from visitors.
To improve our customer service. Some information provided by you will help us more effectively respond to your customer service requests.
To process your transaction. When you buy a product or service directly from us, we may collect information from that transaction. We will not sell exchange or transfer your information to another company.
To send periodic emails. If you place an order with us, we may use the email address you provide to send information and updates pertaining to your order. If you opt-in to our email list, we may use the email address you provide to send occasional company news, topical information or updates on relevant products or service, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
To administer surveys or other site feature.
How do we protect your information?
We use commercially reasonable measures to protect the customer data against unauthorized access.
Do we use cookies?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your Web browser on your computer when you visit a Web site. We do use cookies to track visits to our web site. We use cookies to gauge interest in the various pages of our web site and to improve our visitor experience. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can usually change the Web browser to disable cookies. Our cookies do not capture private information on individual visitors.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We will not sell, exchange or transfer your personal information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us directly in operating our Web site, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or to protect ours or others rights, property or safety. We may provide non-personally identifiable visitor information to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
We may provide links to third party web sites on this Site. We have not reviewed all linked third party sites. We do not control and are not responsible for any of these Web sites and their content. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our Web site and not to information collected offline.
Children Protection Policy
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Market Wise (at marketwise.net) does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian believes that marketwise.net has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (at 703-425-0299 or use our online contact form) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Disclosure Statement
(This disclosure was last modified on 03/8/2016). To offset our costs for operating this Site, we do generate revenue from some of the links listed within the Site.
Contacting US
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us phone at 703-425-0299 or send a email to inquiry (at) marketwise.net
Services
Competitor Research
Content Marketing
Online Advertising
Search Engine Optimization
Lead Nurturing
Request a Consultation To discuss how we can help you, please complete our Contact
Form.
Get In Touch Phone: 703-425-0299