https://marshallresources.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Company
About Us
Company Overview
Our Team
Maintenance
Products
Products
Hardware
Purchase
Purchase
Lease / Rental / Move
Contact
Privacy Policy
FREE 800.443.0128
Email Support
Company Representative
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Search
Support Navigation
FREE 800.443.0128
Email Support
Company Representative
North America Reps
Northeast US
Chris Lynch
Southeast US
Joe Latina
Midwest US
Darren FrameJoe Latina
Western US
Darren Frame
Canada
Joe Latina
International Reps
Africa
Chris Marshall
Europe
Chris Marshall
Asia
Chris Marshall
South America
Chris Lynch
Australia
Darren Frame
Back to Top
2020 © Marshall Resources, Inc. Web Design by Stratosphere Group
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map