https://maryville.com/privacy-policy/
AboutServices Strategy and Innovation Product Development and Delivery Digital Operations Technology Business ManagementWorkCareersNews & InsightsContact
636.519.4100
info@maryville.com
Privacy Policy
Effective: August 1, 2018
Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy.
We do not sell or rent personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Website without your permission.
The Information We Collect
At the time you register on our site for an education class we collect and store your name, address, and other personally-identifying information. This information is required to comply with the registration policies of the vendor for whom we are providing education registration services.
The Way We Use Information
We use your personally-identifying information to register for education classes where you have requested on-line registration.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Unless your email address is provided with an education registration form, your email address will not be used for any other purpose than to contact you and will not be shared with outside parties.
Security
We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections.
Children Under 18
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information.
Your Consent
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please call us at 636-519-4100 or send us an email at legal@maryville.com.