https://masscothosting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Masscot Web Hosting | Web Design | SEO | Domains
Mobile Menu Logo
Home
About
Web Hosting Services
About Our Web Hosting
Web Hosting Packages
Web Design Services
Web Design & Development
Ecommerce Online Stores
Search Engine Optimization
Domain Name Registration
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Contact
Support
508-778-4500
508-778-4500Support
HomeAboutWeb Hosting ServicesAbout Our Web HostingWeb Hosting PackagesWeb Design ServicesWeb Design & DevelopmentSearch Engine OptimizationEcommerce Online StoresDomain Name RegistrationTestimonialsPrivacyContact
One of the America's oldest internet companies
Privacy PolicyWho We Are
Masscot Internet, Inc. 20 Grove Street, West Yarmouth, MA 02673,  Phone 508-778-4500
Our websites are https://masscothosting.com, https://masscot.com, https://masscothosting.net
Masscot Internet is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to all Masscot Internet Web sites and governs data collection and usage. By using Masscot Internet websites, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Masscot Internet collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Masscot Internet also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Masscot Internet. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Masscot Internet for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Masscot Internet Web sites.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Masscot Internet public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Masscot Internet does not read any of your private online communications.
Masscot Internet encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Masscot Internet so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Masscot Internet is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Masscot Internet and Masscot Internet family of Websites.
Use of your Personal Information
Masscot Internet collects and uses your personal information to operate the Masscot Internet services and deliver the services you have requested. Masscot Internet also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Masscot Internet and its affiliates. Masscot Internet may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Masscot Internet does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Masscot Internet may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Masscot Internet may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Masscot Internet, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Masscot Internet does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Masscot Internet keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Masscot Internet, in order to determine what Masscot Internet services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Masscot Internet to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Masscot Internet Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Masscot Internet or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Masscot Internet; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Masscot Internet, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Masscot Internet Websites use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Masscot Internet pages, or register with any Masscot Internet site or services, a cookie helps Masscot Internet to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Masscot Internet Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Masscot Internet features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Masscot Internet services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Masscot Internet secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Masscot Internet secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Masscot Internet does not save credit card information on Masscot Internet’s servers except for the card holders name, address, phone number, card type, last four digits, and expiration date. The rest of the information once entered is maintained by our PCI  compliant credit card processor.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
We are not sharing your data with anyone except as necessary to provide the services you requested.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you use a contact form on this website, we collect the information you provide so that we can respond to your request. This information may be retained indefinitely.
Additional Information
What data breach procedures we have in place
Our web site is encrypted end to end using SSL. We have several monitors and anti-hacking software in place to detect and prevent illegal intrusion which advises us host of breaches or improper access to our website. Anyone accessing the site 5 times in a row with invalid information is automatically blocked until we manually unblock them.
What third parties we receive data from
We receive data from our security systems that includes visitors IP addresses, country, where on the site they visited, and how long they spend on each area of the site.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
None
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
We will share information with law enforcement agencies only when required to do so by law, if and when ordered to with a subpoena or equivalent court ordered documents, officially presented in person and in writing.
Changes to this Statement
Masscot Internet will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Masscot Internet encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Masscot Internet is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Masscot Internet welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Masscot Internet has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Masscot Internet by logging into your support account at http://masscothosting.net  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Meeting In Person
Masscot Internet is based in and has operated continuously from West Yarmouth, Cape Cod, MA for over a quarter century. Since our business is online and our customers are located all over the United States and beyond we do not have a formal bricks and mortar office. We meet with customers by appointment, when requested, often at their offices. All of our equipment is located in a world-class data center in Lansing, MI, which our staff accesses remotely from their various locations.
Contact us by Phone
Phone: 508-778-4500
Fax: 508-593-4642
We are available by phone 7 days a week, 365 days per year from 9:00 a.m. until 11 p.m. New York Time. After hours and if we are busy helping other customers, your call will be directed to voice mail. Please leave us a message and we will return your call as quickly as possible, often within minutes.
Customers are requested to use our support system whenever possible for fastest service.
Email
All Departments: Please use contact form.
Support: support AT masscothosting.net (24/7)
(Customers only. Pre-registration required to use this address.)
Credit Card Processing
Mail Us
We check our mail frequently, few times a day.
Your name:Your email address:*
Subject:Make a selectionWeb DesignWeb HostingDomain RegistrationSEOSalesSupportOtherYour message:Check the box to continuePhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© Copyright 1994 - 2018 by Masscot Internet, Inc. Cape Cod, Massachusetts - All rights reserved.View Full Site
© Copyright 1994 - 2018 by Masscot Internet, Inc.Cape Cod, Massachusetts - All rights reserved.View Full Site