https://mcbryde.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policymcbryde-admin2019-04-10T17:32:58+00:00
Privacy Policy for all websites owned by McBryde, Inc.This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for McBryde, Inc.and all websites and web pages owned by McBryde, Inc.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by McBryde, Inc.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through McBryde, Inc. how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing:
McBryde, Inc. is the sole owners of the information collected on our sites. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, postal mail, fax, phone or other direct contact from you. We will not sell, lease or rent this information for solicitation for any purpose, to anyone.
McBryde, Inc. will use your information to respond to you, your business or those you directly indicate to be a responsible party representing you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, unless authorized by you, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask McBryde, Inc. not to, we may contact you via email, phone or fax in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information:
You may opt out of any future contacts with McBryde, Inc. at any time.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us by phone.
View or request any data we have about you.
Change any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security:
McBryde, Inc. takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via, e-mail, phone, fax, or in person we take reasonable means to protect your information. Credit card data is not retained by McBryde, Inc.
McBryde, Inc. does not collect sensitive information (such as credit card data) via the internet.
If you feel that McBryde, Inc. is not abiding by this policy, Contact us immediately via telephone at 704-660-7052.