https://measure2improve.co.uk/privacy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we measure2improve use and protects any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
measure2improve is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation(GDPR).
Topics:
What we will collect
What we do with the information we gather
Google Analytics
Security
How we use cookies
Links to other websites
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Withdrawing Consent
Requesting what personal data we hold
How to contact us
What we will collect
We Will collect the following information:
Your name
Contact information including email address & Contact Number
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Your IP address
Location data from mobile devices (if enabled)
What we do with the information we gather
We will not process any of the data we have collected as set out above on our CRM system unless you have explicitly asked us to contact you via the Get in touch page regarding our product line and new sales opportunities.
We will use the information so that we can clearly understand your requirements and provide you with the correct product information.
We will also use your information for the following reasons:
To improve our products and services.
Periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we will also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We will contact you by email, phone, or mail.
Please note that we will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
Google Analytics:
When someone visits www.measure2improve.com we measure2improve use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. The reason we do this is to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Measure2improve will regularly review and update this privacy policy. Any updates will appear here on this web page.
This policy is effective from 25th May 2018 and was last updated on 25th May 2018.
Withdrawing Consent
If your request was regarding our product line and new sales opportunities, then your personal data would have been added to our CRM. At any point you can withdraw your consent from us (measure2improve) to remove your details. If you wish to do so please see how to contact us
Requesting what personal data we hold
Under the EU General Data Protecting regulation(GDPR) you have the right to see what personal data measure2improve currently holds about you. If you would a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us using the options below.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and always up to date. If you believe any information is inaccurate you may ask us to update of remove this.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or information that we hold about you:
Write to us at: measure2improve
Unit 15 & 17
Swallow Court
Devonshire Gate
Tiverton
Devon
EX16 7EJ
Telephone – 01884 841884
Email – gdpr@measure2improve.com
Please clearly state if you would like to withdraw consent or request personal data stored.