https://measurecolor.com/legal/privacy-statement/
We're hiring! Company
Technical support
Contact
Skip to content Skip to content
home  |  Legal  |  Privacy Statement
In general
At Colorware we see it as our responsibility to respect the privacy of all users of its website and ensure that the personal information you provide us, is treated confidentially. Processing of your personal data takes place in a manner that is in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The privacy policy applies to all services of Colorware and / or the Measure Color products.
Data integrity – License registration
We make every effort to maintain the full reliability, accuracy and completeness of your personal data in our databases and to protect the privacy and security of our databases. Colorware collects your data when you purchase products or services from us. If you have MeasureColor licenses, you have actively shared your data with us. Your users / company data are stored on our own secure server and are only consulted by us for technical support and for our own administration. Your data will not be shared with other parties.
Data integrity – Information requests
Colorware collects your personal data when you have actively shown interest in the MeasureColor products or services and have contacted us. If you fill out the contact form on our website, your data will be sent to one of our Google mailboxes via a secure connection and will be stored for further processing. By subscribing, you agree that we use your information to send you newsletters or White papers about new releases, technical information or other interesting information regarding the MeasureColor products. The newsletters always contain a link with which you can unsubscribe. We use MailChimp as e-mail marketing software and will be storing your data in our MailChimp Account. MailChimp’s  Privacy Policy and  Terms of Use.
Data access
After a written request or request by e-mail (to privacy@colorware.eu) you have the opportunity to view your personal details. If your details contain inaccuracies, we will be happy to correct them. If you no longer wish to be contacted with information about our products and services or if you want us to delete your data, please contact us in writing or by e-mail.
External parties
It is possible that we have to engage third parties to perform a service or project for you as a customer or in general. We will only give these parties access to your personal data if this is necessary for the relevant (project)assignment. We will never sell your personal details to third parties. We require third parties engaged by us to sign a confidentiality agreement in which they undertake to respect the confidentiality of your data.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed by a website on a PC, tablet or mobile phone. The Colorware website only creates functional cookies. Your web visit is anonymously monitored and can not be traced back to an individual.
Disclaimer
The information provided on this website has been composed carefully. Nevertheless, Colorware can not guarantee the correctness, completeness and topicality of the information provided. The information provided can be changed at any time without further notice. This website may contain references (for example by means of a hyperlink, banner or button) to the websites of third parties. Colorware has no control over these websites and is not responsible for the content of these websites.
ServiceCustomer stories
ROI Calculator
LegalSitemap
Privacy Statement
Terms and conditions
Product license agreement
ContactContact Colorware
News
Partners & Resellers