https://measure2improve.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Terms and conditions of use – Building software Limited trading as measure2improve
Introduction
These terms and conditions apply between you, the User of this website (including any sub-domains, unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions), and Building Software Limited, the owner and operator of this website. Please read these terms and conditions carefully, as they affect your legal rights. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions, you should stop using the Website immediately.
In these terms and conditions, Users or users means any third party that accesses the Website and is not either (i) employed by Building Software Limited and acting in the course of their employment or (ii) engaged as a consultant or otherwise providing services to Building Software Limited and accessing the Website in connection with the provision of such services.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use this website. By using the website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age.
Intellectual property and acceptable use
All content included on the website is the property of Building Software Limited, our affiliates or other relevant third parties. In these terms and conditions, Content means any text, graphics, images, audio, video, software, data, complications, page layout, underlying code and software and any other forms of information capable of being stored in a computer that appears on of forms part of this website, including any such content uploaded by users. By continuing to use the Website you acknowledge that such Content is protected by copyright, trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights. Nothing on this site shall be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark, logo or services mark displayed on the site without the owner’s prior written permission.
You may, for your own personal, non-commercial use only, do the following:
retrieve, display and view the content on a computer screen.
You must not reproduce, modify, copy, distribute or use for commercial purposes any content without the written permission of Building Software Limited.
Prohibited use
You may not use the Website for any of the following purposes:
In anyway which causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or interferes with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the website;
In any way which is harmful, unlawful, illegal, abusive, harassing, threatening or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable law, regulation, governmental order;
Making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of content protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of Building Software Limited or that of our affiliates.
We assume no responsibility for the content of such websites and disclaim liability for any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of them.
The inclusion of a link to another site on this website does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
Privacy Policy
Use of the website is also governed by our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these terms and conditions but this reference. To view the Privacy Policy, please click on the following: https://measure2improve.co.uk/privacy.
Availability of the Website and disclaimers
Any online facilities, tools, services or information that Building Software Limited makes available through the Website (the services) is provided “as-is” and on an “as available” basis. We give no warranty that the service will be free of defects and/or faults. To the maximum extent permitted by the law, we provide no warranties (express or implied) of fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of information, compatibility and satisfactory quality. Building Software Limited is under no obligation to update information on the website.
Whilst Building Software Limited uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, we give no warranty or guaranty in that regard and all users take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details and their computers.
Building Software Limited accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the website.
Building Software Limited reserves, the right to alter, suspend or discontinue any part (or the whole of) the Website including, but not limited to, any products and /or services available. These terms and conditions shall continue to apply to any modified version of the Website unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Limitation of liability
Nothing in these terms and conditions will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from our or your negligence, as applicable, (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) limit or exclude any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of events beyond our reasonable control.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Building Software Limited accepts no liability for any of the following:
Any business losses, such as loss of profits, income, revenue, anticipated savings, business, contracts, goodwill or commercial opportunities.
Loss or corruption of any data, database or software;
Any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
General
You may not transfer any of your rights under these terms and conditions to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these terms and conditions where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
These terms and conditions may be varied by us from time to time. Such revised terms will apply to the website from the date of publication. Users should check the terms and conditions regularly to ensure familiarity with the then current version.
These terms and conditions together with the Privacy Policy contain the whole agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersede all prior discussions, arrangements or agreements that might have taken place in relation to the terms and conditions.
The contracts (rights of third parties) Act 1999 shall not apply to these terms and conditions and no third party will have any rights to enforce or rely on any provision of these terms and conditions.
If any court or competent authority finds that any provision of these terms and conditions (or part of any provision) is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision or part provision will, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these terms and conditions will not be affected.
Unless otherwise agreed, no delay, act or omission by a party in exercising any right or remedy will be deemed a waiver of that, or any other right or remedy.
This agreement shall be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales and all disputes arising under the Agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English and Welsh courts.
Building Software Limited details
Building Software Limited is a company incorporated in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales trading as measure2improve. Its registered number is 03117419 whose registered address is Unit 15 & 17 Swallow Court, Devonshire Gate, Tiverton, Devon, EX16 7EJ and it operates the website measure2improve.com. The registered VAT number is 664 2067 38.
You can contact Building Software Limited by email on info@measure2improve.com
Attribution
These terms and conditions were created using a document from Rocket Lawyer (https://www.rocketlawyer.co.uk)