https://members.accu.org/index.php/privacy_policy
ACCU Menu
Conferences
Journals
Book Reviews
Local Groups
Community
Membership
About
•
Privacy Policy
Advertisement
Advertisement
Membership
Login
Username:
Password:
Remember me
» Create an account
» Password Reminder
ACCU Buttons
Add them to your site:
ACCU Privacy Policy
ACCU Privacy Policy
Here at the ACCU we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your membership and to provide the community-based services you have requested from us.  We do not sell your details to third parties, but we do process them and pass to some third parties as outlined below in order to support our community’s activities. As a volunteer-run organisation this naturally limits the amount of processing that we do, as we focus our kindly donated volunteer efforts on the maintenance of the core activities of the association.
We collect information on you based on you creating or renewing a membership contract with us (including honorary and complimentary memberships), to:
process your ACCU membership and its renewal (including reminders by email). We use a 3rd party payment provider for membership payments and we do not store your payment details;
create and maintain your ACCU website user account;
add you to the ACCU members email list;
pass to the online voting system so that you can vote in ACCU elections;
pass your name and postal address to the printers if your membership type includes receiving printed copies of ACCU  journals; and
pass to the ACCU Conference event provider and organisers for promoting and organising the ACCU Conference.
We also collect information on you including your email address based on the contract/s we have with you:
so as to invoice and to collect what you owe us, and to pay expenses we owe you; and
for the book keeping needed for our financial accounts, and to prepare and publish our accounts.
By you using our sites and services you consent to us collecting information on you even as a non-member so as to:
support proposal submission, review, presenting, publishing and promoting for the ACCU conference;
organise meetings and events such as those run by the ACCU local groups;
support the email servers lists/bulletin boards e.g. accu-general@accu.org;
support the authoring and publishing of the ACCU journals; and
support the community’s activities on the ACCU website.
We have a legitimate interest to process your personal data to:
log ACCU web and email servers user stats (including IP addresses), to determine their usage, to guide their maintenance and provisioning, and to help with identifying hacks and abuse;
backup our sites and services including the email lists and website, so they can be restored in the event of a problem;
archive the bulletin boards, ACCU Journals, AGM packs, committee meeting minutes and related communications for historical reference;
provide you with adverts on the website so as to raise funds to support the community. We use an ad-server which doesn’t have access to the membership list. The adserver used will vary over time. Today the adserver is revive-adserver who record some details - see their privacy policy; and
to find and maintain advertisers to help fund the community’s activities we share website view and click through statistics with advertisers.
Where we take photographs of you e.g. at our conference or at local events to post online, we will ask for your consent at the time.
As we are a global association, in order to support the ACCU activities your information will leave the EEA/UK.  Safeguards are taken to minimize the information transferred.
You are deleted from the membership list within 7 months after your membership expiry date.  Your data on the ACCU website is kept until updated or deleted, and hence after one year from the site’s backups. Your information in relation to the financial accounts will be kept for the period required by UK law. Email correspondence with those running the association will be kept for historical reference, unless you advise the recipient not to.
Please only share with us, with our sites and on our services information related to programming and related activities. Do NOT share information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, health, trade union membership, or on sexual orientation or behaviour.
You can ask to see your personal information, have any mistakes corrected, ask for it be erased, opt out of receiving journals/online voting/passing details to ACCU Conference, or raise a complaint by sending an email to accumembership@accu.org. To implement your GDPR based requests (and other legal requests), we will collect information on you and retain it for as long as necessary, so that we can process your request as we are legally obligated to do. Additionally, we collect and process your data when legally required to do so by law.
Alternatively, you can raise a complaint with our supervisory authority; however, before doing so please contact us at accumembership@accu.org, so that we have the opportunity to address your concerns.
Your ACCU Committee
Change Log
Version
Date
Change
2.0
16th Sept 2018
Committee approved clarification regarding email correspondence with those running the association
1.0
22nd July 2018
Committee approved first version
Page last changed 19th Sept 2018 by Nigel Lester.
Copyright 1994- ACCU.
Site powered by Xaraya.
Design and implementation by gnomedia. Hosting donated by Bytemark.
Contact: Site editor, Site hosting