https://mezingo.com/privacy-policy-statement/
Privacy Policy Statement This page provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using and disclosing your information and outlines the security measures we’ve put in place to protect the information that you store using mezinGO services, including the services made available through this web site, and any other software, Apps or services offered by mezinGO in connection with such services (the “Services”). By using these Services, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information described in this Privacy Policy.We are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals and businesses who visit our website and use our service.We collect and use only the Personal Information we need to make sure our products and services are effective. If we need any additional information, we will get your express, explicit approval before collecting and using it.If you provide Personal Information to us about your customers or clients, we will keep that information confidential and will only use it as necessary to provide the services you have purchased. We will not share such information with third parties, including advertisers or marketers or spammers.We do not sell, give, rent or trade your Personal Information to advertisers, marketers or spammers.We take the security of your Personal Information seriously, and use industry standard safeguards to protect any Personal Information stored on our systems.We use cookies to help us understand how visitors use our site, but these cookies are not used for the purpose of collecting personally identifiable information. We never share any of this information with third parties – ever.We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites linked to our site if they are not controlled or owned by Web Presence Group, LLC.. Please be diligent when visiting any other websites.The policy outlined below is legally binding and may be updated from time to time.This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which mezinGO  collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the mezinGO .com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by mezinGO s.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.Mobile AppsWhen you download and use our services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use and operating system version.We may send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.Your Customer DataWe never sell, share or give access to 3rd parties to your customers data without your express written consent.How we use collected informationmezinGO  collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:To Report Industry Trends – We may anonymize information from reviews that we aggregate for you as well as your User information in order to report industry trends and further analysis to other Users.To personalize user experience- We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.To improve our Site- We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.To improve customer service- Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.To process transactions- We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.To share your information with third parties- We may share information with third parties for marketing or other purposes to provide our services.To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature- To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.To send periodic emails- The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.Sharing your personal informationWe may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission. We will never sell, rent, or trade your private information to any third parties in any way.Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.AdvertisingAds appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Compliance with children’s online privacy protection actProtecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.Changes to this privacy policymezinGO has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:mezinGOWeb Presence Group, LLC.1221 E Thatcher Blvd.Chandler, AZ 85225
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy