https://microcontrollershop.com/privacy.php?osCsid=5kl6c78v5icm56m11faeefoc81
Store » Privacy Policy
My Account  |  Cart Contents  |  Checkout
Quick Find
Enter keywords to find the product you are looking for in the Quick Find field aboveor useAdvanced Search
Categories
Accessory Boards->8051->ADI BlackfinArduino->ARM->Atmel AVR->Cypress PSoCFreescale->FTDI->LocktronicsMicrochip PIC->MIPSParallax->RenesasSilicon LabsST Microelectronics->Texas Instruments->Tibbo->Books->Displays->E-Blocks->EEPROM/EPROM/FLASHEmbedded Ethernet->Embedded Software->I/O Modules->Parts & Components->Pick & Place ToolsProgrammable Logic (PLD)Prototype PCBs->RoboticsROM/Flash EmulatorsTest & Measurement->Tutorial SoftwareUniversal Programmers->Wireless->
Information
Intro to Embedded ToolsEmbedded News DigestUseful ResourcesShipping & ReturnsWarranty & LiabilityPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseContact Us
Privacy Policy
MicroController Pros LLC knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting our web site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. What Personal Information About Customers Does MicroController Pros Corporation Gather?The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at MicroController Pros LLC. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:We
receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any
other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you
might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the
information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests,
customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating
with you.
Automatic Information:We
receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us
and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our
web site. E-mail Communications:We log order and shipping confirmations send
to your email address. We will not use your email address for any other
purposes, unless you specifically authorize us to do so. Information from Other
Sources:
If you place an order with us we might receive
information about you from other sources and add it to our account
information. We utilize such information strictly to process your order and to
protect you and us from fraud.Does MicroController Pros LLC Share the Information It Receives?Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and wedo not sell this information to others. We share customer information only as described below: Agents:We employ other companies and individuals to perform
functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering
packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from
customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing
credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to
personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it
for other purposes.
Promotional Offers:Sometimes we send offers on behalf of other
businesses to opt-in subscribers of our
newsletters . When we
do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do
not want to receive such offers, you may un-subscribe from receiving our
newsletters at any time. See our
Newsletter section for
details on un-subscribing.
Business Transfers:As we continue to develop our business, we
might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such
transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing
Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in
the unlikely event that MicroController Pros LLC,  or
substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of
course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of MicroController Pros LLC and Others:We
release account and other personal information when we believe release is
appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and
other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of
MicroController Pros LLC, our users, or others. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not
include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally
identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation
of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent:Other than as set out above, you will receive
notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have
an opportunity to choose not to share the information. How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you
input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when
confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to
the appropriate credit card company during order processing. What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even
though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain
of our web site's features.
You can disable your browser from accepting cookies Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's
hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your
browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping
Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to
prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser
notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies
altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of
MicroController Pros LLC's coolest features, and we recommend that
you leave them turned on.
ChildrenMicroController Pros LLC does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may  order from MicroController Pros Corporation only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit our web site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Delaware. If you have any concern about privacy at MicroController Pros Corporation, please
contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Additional Explanations Information You Give UsYou provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through our web site ; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; participate in Discussion Boards or MicroController Pros LLC; and subscribe to other Personal Notification Services, such as MicroController Pros LLC's freeEmbedded News Digest. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.
Automatic InformationExamples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click-stream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call us.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our website. The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. When you visit an AdSense publisher's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be stored by your browser. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites on the Internet.You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Information from Other SourcesExamples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information; and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud.
Shopping Cart
0 items
What's New?
Flowcode 7 for PIC, AVR, Arduino, ARM - Academic 10 UserUS$769.00
Bestsellers
01. LCD 4-mux, 7.1 digits x 7 segments, progress bar, arrows
02. PIC16F628A-I/P Microcontroller, 18 DIP, 20 MHz
03. USB-to-Serial Cable: 3.3V TTL, Audio Plug Type, Reverse RX/TX
04. Atmel ATtiny2313-20PU AVR Microcontroller, 20 DIP, 20 MHz
05. 2x10 (20-pin) 0.1" pitch IDC Connector Flat Ribbon Cable, 15cm
06. 2x5 (10-pin) 0.05" pitch IDC Connector Flat Ribbon Cable, 12cm
07. USB Universal In-Circuit Programmer PIC AVR ARM MSP 8051 EEPROM
08. ARM JTAG Debugger & Programmer, parallel port
09. Power Supply 3-12V DC, U.S. plug, 6 connection tips
10. Power Supply 3-12V DC, US/UK/Euro/AU Plugs, 100-240VAC
Reviews
This module is a great concept and ordering it from uCPros h ..
Friday 11 December, 2020
List of all our Products
Copyright © 2003-2017 MicroController Pros LLCPowered by osCommerce