http://microworld.com/en/content/privacy-policy
Log inRegister
My selection (0)
HomeProjectsCommunityHomeGroupsNewsHomeSpecial ReportsAll NewsFrom the GroundPartnersFounding PartnersOperational PartnersMicrofinance InstitutionsCorporate PartnersAffiliatesAbout usWhat Is MicroWorld?How It WorksAbout MicrocreditMicroShowsHomeRelive the MicroShowsMy AccountHomeProjectsCommunityMicroWorld PassPersonal Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of the website accessible under the domain name "microworld.org" (hereinafter: the "Website"), published by ABC Microfinance, a simplified joint-stock company with registered share capital of 2.962.912 Euros having its registered office at 24, rue de l'Est - 75020 Paris - France, registered with the Nanterre Trade and Companies Register under No. 502 860 919; Telephone: +33 9 81 09 87 85, Email: contact@microworld.org (hereinafter "MICROWORLD").
The electronic money institution available on the Website is MANGOPAY, a limited liability company with a capital of 2.000.000 euros, with registered offices at 10 boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg, listed under No. B173459 on the Luxembourg Trade and Company Register; Telephone: +33 1 76 39 02 81; Email: support@mangopay.com (hereinafter: "MANGOPAY"), approved by the Luxembourg financial sector regulator (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier – CSSF) and authorized to provide payment services in Luxembourg as well as in other Member States of the European Union, under the freedoms to provide services and of establishment.
1. 	Data Collection
MICROWORLD collects, on its behalf and on the behalf of MANGOPAY the personal data of Website users on the Website, including through the "Newsletter/Contact" and "My Account" sections.
Personal data are defined as "any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person […]; an "identifiable natural person" is an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person".
2. 	Data collected
The personal data collected on the Website are:
• the name, first name, alias, gender, email address, date and place of birth, nationality, postal address, photography, occupation of users,
• the information communicated regarding the loans: identity proof, bank details, proof of residence, income bracket, telephone number of users,
• the information about the use of the Website recorded via cookies or other tracking devices: the pages of the Website visited, the date and time of access, or behavioral data relating to the analysis of actions and choices made on the Website.
At the time of registration and at any time during his/her use of the Website, each user undertakes to update the data and information concerning him/her. As such, he/she guarantees the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the information transmitted on the Website and will be solely responsible for any error, omission or failure to update the information.
3. 	Purposes of the collection
The information provided on the Website allows MICROWORLD and MANGOPAY to:
• provide the services or information requested;
• comply with the legal and regulatory obligations and notably with the French Monetary and Financial Code including regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism;
• prevent, detect and investigate any potentially prohibited and illegal activities or activities contrary to good practices, and ensure compliance with MANGOPAY or MICROWORLD Terms of Use;
• opening and managing the wallet;
• receiving and executing payment transactions;
• managing customer relation and claims;
• allow the agreement concluded to be performed.
The information provided on the Website allows MICROWORLD to:
• improve the Website users’ experience on the Website;
• send personalized requests by e-mail;
• anonymously compile statistics on the Website's activity in order to measure, in particular, the satisfaction and quality of services and thus facilitate the improvement and optimization of the Website;
• manage the security of the Website.
4. 	Use and sending of data
MICROWORLD and MANGOPAY are jointly responsible for the processing of personal data regarding the Website users.
MICROWORLD and MANGOPAY are, with their subcontractors and contractual partners, the only recipients of said data.
The data is hosted exclusively in the European Union, by Claranet and OVH.
Only the data necessary for processing the Website users’ requests and/or services of MICROWORLD and MANGOPAY may be communicated to their contractual partners participating in such processing and/or services. The list of these third parties can be sent on request to the following address: contact@microworld.org.
MICROWORLD and MANGOPAY share Website users’ personal data with third parties only in the following circumstances:
• if the said Website user has given his/her prior consent to the sharing of the information;
• when MICROWORLD/MANGOPAY needs to share the information with its service providers and partners to offer the services requested by the said Website user; and
• when MICROWORLD/MANGOPAY receives a request from a judicial authority or any administrative authority empowered by law, requesting the communication of this information in accordance with the legislative provisions in force.
5. 	Data retention period
MICROWORLD and MANGOPAY store the personal data communicated to it for the duration strictly necessary for the performance of their activities.
The personal data of the users, including documents and information relating to the bank operations and to the identity of the client are stored for a period of five (5) years from the closing of the client account, in application of article L. 561-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.
Some data may be kept (invoices, quotations, credit notes) during a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archiving or audit purposes. The mandatory retention period is ten (10) years for invoices.
The personal data of the newsletter recipients are kept for a period of three (3) years from your last interaction with the Website.
Cookies are kept for a maximum of thirteen (13) months from the time of their collection.
6.	Right of individuals to personal data collected
Each user has the right to request access to his/her personal data, the correction or deletion thereof, limitation of the processing that concerns him/her, the right to object to such processing and the right to the portability of the data. These rights can be exercised by request addressed by:
• e-mail to the following address: contact@microworld.org ; or
• post sent to the following address: ABC Microfinance - MICROWORLD, 24, rue de l’Est – 75020 Paris.
The user also has the right to lodge a complaint with a personal data protection regulatory authority. The French data protection authority is the CNIL (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés).
7. 	Cookies
According to the settings of your cookies, each user agrees to the Website storing information concerning his/her browsing, in particular to ensure the proper functioning of the Website, to establish use statistics as well as to optimize the conditions of use and the services offered on the Website.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file placed on the hard drive. It contains data about the connection, including the name of the server that wrote it, usually an identifier in the form of a unique number and possibly an expiry date. This identifier may enable the Website to recognize the computer, browser, mobile or tablet of the user on each visit. Cookies are managed by the user’s web browser.
What types of cookies are used?
Functional cookies
They make it possible to improve the quality of your browsing on the Website, in particular by backing up the preferences which you expressed when browsing the Website. The information collected via these cookies is anonymous and does not allow us to identify the user.
Audience measurement cookies
These cookies are used by the Website to produce anonymous statistics. They make it possible to recognize visitors, count them and identify the way they move around the Website when they use it. This makes it possible to improve the operation of the Website, for example by ensuring that users easily find what they are looking for. This type of cookies can be deactivated here.
How can you oppose the use of cookies?
The Website users have the option to reject cookies on the Website, through the link inserted above, as well as by setting their browser.
For Internet Explorer™: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer...
For Safari™: https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-...
For Firefox™: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-...
For Chrome™: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=EN
Depending on the settings, the browsing will be modified and access to the Website more or less limited. In particular, the deactivation of so-called functional cookies will alter or even make it impossible to visit the Website.
8. 	Specific information concerning minors
The Website does not target an audience of minors under 18 years of age.
However, if information is collected on a minor under 18 years of age by the Website, the minor's legal representative must give prior consent and previously validate the communication of data.
9. 	Updating of the Privacy Policy
MICROWORLD may amend the Privacy Policy.
If MICROWORLD wishes to use the Website user’s personal data in a manner different from that stated in the Privacy Policy in force at the time of their collection, these changes will be notified visibly on the Website and the relevant Website user will also be notified by email if he/she is registered on the Website and/or to the newsletter.
an entity of
ContactTerms of useMembership TermsLegal noticePrivacy Policy
Support our micro-entrepreneurs
Africa: Senegal, Madagascar
Middle East: Lebanon, Palestinian Territories, Jordan
Asia: Cambodia, Tajikistan
South America: Peru
Offer solidarity gifts
Gift Pass,
Discovery Pass
MicroWorld Community
My account
Community
Welcome, Groups
Follow us
What is Microfinance
About us
MicroWorld, Microcredit, How we operate, Risk Management, Default rate, Annual Report
Microfinance News
Articles, News Briefs, From the ground,
Special reports
Your lending capacity
Evaluate your lending capacity
The transfer and hosting of funds on MicroWorld are made via the payment service solution MANGOPAY, edited by the company Leetchi Corp SA, as approved issuer of electronic money authorized by the CSSF.
MicroWorld edited by ABC Microfinance is registered as Intermediary in Crowdfunding to ORIAS under the n°17005376.
Copyright © 2010-2020 MicroWorld