http://microangelo.us/privacy.asp
Home
Products
Microangelo On Display
Microangelo Toolset 6
Microangelo Creation
All Products
Compare Features
Downloads
Evaluation
Customers
Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Tech Support
Company
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by Impact Software Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost
importance to us. We want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand our
policy and the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy
statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Impact Software gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions
to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums, and from
participation in polls and surveys.
Information Impact Software gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page
views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to our clients' needs.
Under no circumstances does Impact Software divulge any information about an individual user to a third party.
Optional Voluntary Information
Impact Software offers the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal
information by users:
Electronic newsletters policyWe will offer a free electronic newsletter to users. Impact Software gathers
the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing
list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management
page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
Message boards/forums policyUsers of the site's Message Boards and Forums must register
separately for these services (both are free of charge) in order to post messages, although they
needn't register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username,
password, and email address.
Children
Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never
knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting
parental consent.
Usage tracking
Impact Software tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this
information with data about individual users. Impact Software does break down overall usage statistics according to
a user's domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string
(information contained in every user's browser).
Cookies
We may place a text file called a "per-session cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie
itself does not contain Personal Information – only a large, unique number that allows the web site provide
confidential access to secure areas. The cookie is immediately removed from your computer when you
close your browser. You do not need to have all cookies turned on to use this site, only “per-session”
cookies.
Use of information
We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on
traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page
performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered
in Search function as one of many measures of what interests our users. But we don't track which terms
a particular user enters.
Software
Our software includes features that access the internet for the convenience of our users. No personal
information is ever transmitted. Information transmitted to our network is limited to that which is required
for the request. For example, the current version of the software is transmitted when checking for
updates. Our software NEVER accesses the internet except when requested by the user.
SECURITY
Impact Software operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password
protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as
necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
Microangelo®
is a registered trademark of Impact Software.
Adobe and Photoshop are registered trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
© 2020 Impact Software.