http://mikrotec.com/mikrotec-privacy-policy
Home
Symantec
Services
Mikro-Data
Contact Center
Mikrotec Onsite
Nationwide Dial-Up Services
Employment
Webmail
Contact Us
Helpdesk Feedback
Remote Access
Mikro-DataMikro-Data is a full service hosting, security and data center company located in Lexington, Kentucky.
Contact CenterWill provide 100% U.S. based and operated, qualified technical support & help desk reps to meet your needs.
Mikrotec Onsite Mikrotec On-site services is dedicated to serving our customers with the highest quality of PC solutions.
Mikrotec WebmailTo begin using your personal web-mail account, you must first log in.Log in!
You are entitled under federal law to know the following:
• In order that we may continue to provide reliable, high quality service to you, we keep regular business records that contain your name, address, and other personally identifiable information. Such records include billing, payment, deposit records, and records indicating the number of sets you have connect to cable, and the service options you have chosen. We use this information to make sure that you are being properly billed for the services you receive
• We consider information we keep to be confidential. We may collect personally identifiable information from you and may disclose it to a third party if (a) you consent in advance in writing or electronically; (b) disclosure is necessary to render cable service and other services we may provide to you and related business activities; or (c) disclosure is required pursuant to a court order and you are notified of such order. (For example, we may without your consent disclose your name and address to a collection service is required to collect past due bills.)
• The contest may use your emailing address for inter-company promotional purposes and/or email address for future company newsletter.
• Unless you object, we may disclose your name and address for mailing lists and other purposes. We will not disclose the extent of your viewing or use of a particular service or the nature of any transaction you may make over the cable system, but we may disclose that you are among those who subscriber to a particular service. If you wish to remove your name from such lists or limit the use of your name at any time, please contact us at the systems main business office.
• We may also electronically test the system from time to time to determine whether you are being properly billed for the cable services you are receiving.
• We will maintain information about you for as long as we provide service to you, and for a longer time if necessary for related business activities. When information is no longer necessary for our purposes, we will destroy the information unless there is a legitimate request or order to inspect the information still outstanding.
• You have the right to inspect the records that contain information about you, correct any error in our information, and enforce your rights under federal law. If you wish to inspect the records at our systems main business office pertaining to you, please contact us to set up an appointment during our regular business hours at the address listed on the Contact Page.
• If you wish to inspect our records or have any questions, please contact us at our business office.
Search for:
ContactContact Us
Billing Department
Tech Support
MenuMikrotec Corporate History
Mission Statement
Agentry
Symantec
Mikrotec SI AUP
Mikrotec Refund Policy
Mikrotec Privacy Policy
Mikrotec Terms of Use Policy
PaymentsPay Your Bill Here!
Pay Your Bill Here
Sign in to your account
Account Login
Username
Password
Sign in
Forgot your password?