https://mirapath.com/privacy-policy
Shop
My Account
My Favorites
Blog
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dominic Go
2018-09-28T01:34:06-08:00
Privacy Policyrequest free consultation
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy or “Policy” explains how Mirapath, Inc. collects and protects Personal Information (as defined below). If you have any questions that this Policy does not address, please contact us at info@mirapath.com. By creating an account on the Mirapath site or by otherwise submitting Personal Information to us, you give your consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information as explained in this Policy. This Policy is part of our Terms of Service and all capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service.
Mirapath’s Policy applies to current and former Mirapath clients and any other users of the Mirapath Site. The term “Personal Information” refers to non-public information that personally relates to or identifies you as an individual or entity.
Updates and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Please note that, in the event of a change in policy, a revised Policy will promptly be posted to the Mirapath Site. You agree to accept posting of a revised Policy electronically on the Mirapath Site as actual notice to you. Any dispute over our Policy is subject to this notice.
How and Why We Gather Information
When you sign up to participate on a Mirapath Site, you may be asked to provide information such as your full legal name, address and date of birth, along with other personal information that is required to verify your identity and fulfill our legal and regulatory requirements. This information will also be used to transact your business and communicate with you. From time to time, we may request additional information to help us further assess your needs and preferences.
How We Protect Your Information
We limit access to the Personal Information you provide us to those employees who need access to that information. In keeping with industry standards and practices, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, and controls designed to protect your Personal Information. We have invested in software, systems and procedures aimed at offering you a safe and secure transaction environment and protect your personal, financial and historical transaction information.
The Sharing of Your Personal Information
To protect your privacy, we limit the sharing of your Personal Information outside of Mirapath. Your Personal Information will not be shared except as outlined below:
To help us provide our services to you and/or to improve our services, we engage qualified and reputable third parties to help us to carry out certain functions such as account processing, client services and/or data collection relevant to our business.
Mirapath reserves the right to disclose your personal information where required by law to regulatory, law enforcement or other government authorities, including during routine regulatory examinations. We may also disclose your information as necessary to credit reporting or collection agencies, or when necessary to protect our rights or property.
Reviewing, Changing or Correcting Information
You are responsible for helping us to maintain the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information and other data. We urge you to review your information regularly to ensure that it is correct and complete. If you would like to review your Personal Information or if you believe that any of your Personal Information is incorrect, or if you have any questions regarding your Personal Information, or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@mirapath.com.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. If you choose to stop receiving updates and messages from Mirapath, your Personal Information will continue to be protected by the privacy policy.
Privacy and Internet Security
The Mirapath Site is built upon an infrastructure with multiple layers of protection. Within such our site, we use industry standard encryption technologies to help safeguard your information.
Security is a cooperative effort between us and the users of the Mirapath Site. Please remember that your user identification and password are personal to you and should not be made available to any other person. Also, you should discontinue their use and notify us if you have any reason to suspect that someone else may be using them.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small text files that may be placed on your web browser when you visit our websites. Cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website by, among other things, “remembering” your identity so that you do not have to input your password multiple times as you navigate between our website pages and/or access our services. Authentication (i.e. verifying that you are who you say you are) is an essential component of site security. You can set your web browser to inform you when cookies are set, or to prevent cookies from being set. Please note that if you decline to use cookies, you may experience reduced functionality, slower site response times, and declining to use our authentication-related cookies may prevent you from using our website altogether.
Web Surfing Data Collection
Web surfing data (e.g. information regarding which of our web pages you access, the frequency of such access, and your product and service preferences) may be collected by Mirapath, or by our service providers. This may be accomplished by using cookies, Web beacons, page tags or similar tools that are set when you visit our website. Web surfing data and similar information may be shared internally within Mirapath and used: for administrative purposes; to assess the usage, value and performance of our online products and services; to improve your experience with our websites; and as otherwise permitted by applicable law or regulation. This information may be processed by us for the purposes described above, or on our behalf by Third Party Services, solely in accordance with our instructions.
CalOPPA Disclosures
We do not currently respond to web browsers’ “Do Not Track” signals that provide a method to opt out of the collection information about visitors’ activities on the Mirapath Site. If we do so in the future, we will provide all relevant information in this Privacy Policy.
Information for Users in Europe and Elsewhere Outside the U.S.
If you use our Site outside of the United States, please be aware that we may collect, process, and store your personal information in the United States and other countries. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any such transfers will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law.
Users in the European Union (EEA) and Switzerland
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, the following applies:
Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: As explained above, we process personal data in various ways depending upon your use of our Site. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Site where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy. Mirapath’s collection of Business Information is within Mirapath’s legitimate interests to organize and make available business contact information given the limited impact of this data on an individual’s private life and that this information, unlike personal contact details, is widely disclosed. Mirapath has put in place safeguards to protect personal privacy and individual choice, including disclosures of its data processing activities, the use of consent or opt-outs wherever possible, and the implementation of a privacy center:
Right to lodge a complaint: Users that reside in the EEA or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned.
Transfers: Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. Upon the start of enforcement of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will ensure that transfers of personal information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR. Please see “Privacy Shield Frameworks” below regarding our compliance with the EU- and Swiss-US Privacy Shields.
Individual Rights: If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to the following rights once the GDPR becomes effective. In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.
The right to access and correction. You have the right to request access to, and a copy of, your personal data at no charge, as well as certain information about our processing activities with respect to your data. You have the right to request correction or completion of your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You have the right to restrict our processing if you contest the accuracy of the data we hold about you, for as long as it takes to verify its accuracy.
The right to request data erasure. You have the right to have your data erased from our Site if the data is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.
The right to object to our processing. You have the right to object to our processing if we are processing your data based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your data for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your data for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.
Contact Us
We welcome your feedback. If you have any comments or concerns about this Policy or would like to contact us for any reason, you may reach us at info@mirapath.com.