https://modernsystems.com/privacy-policy/
info@modernsystems.com206.395.4152
Privacy Policy Home /Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://modernsystems.com. If you have concerns about how we use your information please call 206-395-4152. Modern Systems respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal information.
This privacy statement describes how Modern Systems collects and uses the personal information we collect when you visit our website. This privacy statement describes the options available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and modify this information.
The term “personal information” as used in this privacy statement shall mean any information that enables us to identify you, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to you.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (the “GDPR”), Modern Systems is the controller and responsible for its Site.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
If you fill in and submit a contact form your information is stored in a Salesforce database or a HubSpot database. We retain this information indefinitely and use it to contact you regarding our services.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics, HubSpot, LeadLander, JetPack and Squirrly to capture visitor information and movement around our website. This data is collected via cookies stored on your device. We collect this data to improve user experience on our site.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Form data is sent to Salesforce or HubSpot.
We may provide your personal information to third parties who are acting on our behalf or assist us in providing services to you, such as data storage, maintenance services, hosting services, database management, web analytics and payment processing providers. We do not allow these third parties to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Share This
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Print Me