https://modicum.agency/modicum-privacy-policy/
Modicum privacy policy
Modicum privacy policy
Modicum privacy
policy
Propoint Graphics, LLC DBA Modicum (herein “Modicum” or “we”) respects and protects your privacy. We will never disclose information about you to a third party without first receiving your permission.
This policy addresses the following topics regarding your personal information.
1. What personally identifiable information we collect.
2. How we use your information.
3. What cookies, transparent GIFs, and log files are and how we use them.
4. What organization collects your personal information.
5. With whom we may share your information.
6. What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of your information.
This policy is subject to change so please check back frequently. Questions regarding the policy should be submitted via info@modicum.agency
1. What personally identifiable information we collect.
Modicum collects information from you on assorted web forms including: get started, newsletter signup, join the team, and feedback. In order to respond to your inquiries and requests, we need to collect basic information from you such as your contact information and the details of your request.
2. How we use your information.
We primarily use the information that you may enter on our site to respond to your inquiry or request. We may also respectfully use your information (e.g. email address) to contact you about improvements in our service, special offers, and special announcements.
3. What cookies, transparent GIFs, and log files are and how we use them.
Most popular web sites, including Modicum, interact with your web browser to store small text files, or “cookies”, on your computer’s hard drive.
Some sites use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage their online advertising. We may use either or both.
Like most popular web sites, we do use our servers to create log files of site data. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We use the data in log files to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
4. What organization collects your personal information.
When you visit our site, unless you are specifically informed otherwise, we are the only ones collecting information about you. We may pay 3rd party servers to process the data on our behalf.
We may from time to time run promotions that may be sponsored or cosponsored by other companies. Some or all of the information collected on our site during a promotion may be shared with the sponsor. If that is the case, you will be notified prior to providing your information. Based on that notification, you may, of course, elect to decline participation in the promotion.
As a service to you, we may provide links to other sites from our site. Those sites are not operated by Modicum and are therefore not under our control. Their privacy practices may or may not be consistent with our practices.
5. With whom we may share your information.
We do not currently have plans to “rent” your name or to provide any companies opportunities to advertise to you through us. If that should ever change, we would only do so if we had your permission. You will always have the option to “OPT OUT”. Opt out by emailing
marketing@modicum.agency with the subject “Opt Out” and provide the email address that is to be opted out.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on our web site.
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of our assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. You will be notified by a prominent notice on our web site and an email prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information.
6. What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of your information.
You may always choose not to provide us with your personal information. You may also “Opt Out” of special programs using your personal information. However, without your personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with complete service or any service at all. Opt out by emailing marketing@modicum.agency with the subject “Opt Out” and provide the email address that is to be opted out.
Call 800 906 4646
Call 800 906 4646
Name*
First
Last
Company Name*Work phone*Work email*
MessageSign up for the newsletter
Newsletter
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
DON'T FREAK OUT
The best solution isn't alwaysobvious. That's why you've got us.
Let's get to work
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more