https://mondeca.com/legal-and-privacy/
Home
Software
Services
About us
Legal and privacy
Accessibility
info@mondeca.com
US: 888-201-57-09
FR: + 33 1 44 79 00 80
Blog
Français
Contact us
7
Legal information
This site is edited by Mondeca SA, 35 Boulevard de Strasbourg, 75010 Paris, France, registration certificate (SIREN) 423 318 971.
The site is hosted by: Amazon Web Services Emea Sarl, succursale française 31 Place des Corolles, Tour Carpe Diem, 92400 Courbevoie France, SIREN : 831 001 334 • RCS Nanterre •
Privacy policy summary
Unless you fill in a contact form, we do not collect any personal information, nor do we use cookies for purposes other than standard use of Google Analytics. We use local storage only to facilitate your navigation through the site and do not persist this information beyond the currently displayed page. For the contact information, we encourage you to provide only business e-mail and phone numbers. We do not accept personal e-mails as contact data.  We keep the contact information as long as it is required for business purposes. We use Pipedrive SaaS CRM to manage the information gathered through contact forms..Pipedrive privacy policy is available  here.   If you wish to be removed from our contact database or correct the information we gather, please send an e-mail to our data protection officer: dpo@mondeca.com and we will do our best to comply with your request and the applicable laws & regulations.
Please see the full text of our privacy and data protection policy here
Trademarks
Mondeca is a registered brand name.
Accessibility
Mondeca software is adapted for use by people living with various disabilities. Our
accessibility statement page
contains information about conformance to various standards as well as links to VPATS and other accessibility related documents.
We welcome any input, criticism or suggestions related to accessibility through info@mondeca.com and will respond to it quickly.
Photos, pictures, drawings
Ilustrations
The illustrations (except technical diagrams) appearing on this website are courtesy of
unDraw.
Photo credits
Photos on this site are either our own, or we found them on . or Pixabay. Please see individual credits below.
Individual photo credits.
NASA
Fotis Fotopoulos
Nadine Shaabana
Stephen H
Jeremy Perkins
Ellen Qin
Paul Smith
JJ Ying
Srikant Sahoo
Gerd Altmann from Pixabay
Anh Huynh (Mondeca)
Julien Chanson(Mondeca)
Nghia Ly
(Mondeca)
Stephane S
(Mondeca)
Contact us
I understand that Mondeca will keep this information for its own business purposes. Visit our privacy policy to learn how to opt out.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy policy