https://monsterweb.net/legal/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective on April 13, 2011
This privacy statement describes how Monster Technologies, Inc. here after referred to as MonsterWeb collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: monsterweb.net. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone numberBilling Information such as credit card number, and billing addressUnique Identifiers such as user name, account number, passwordPreferences Information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferencesUsage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited.We also collect the following information from you:
Information about your business such as company name, company size, business typeAs is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to:
Fulfill your orderSend you an order confirmationAssess your needs to determine suitable products or servicesSend you requested product or service informationSend product updates or warranty informationRespond to customer service requestsAdminister your accountSend you a newsletterSend you marketing communicationsAdminister contests and sweepstakes you entered, and notify you if you wonImprove our Web site and marketing effortsConduct research and analysisRespond to your questions and concernsDisplay content based upon your interestsChoice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at   with the subject line of Unsubscribe from Newsletters/Marketing Emails and the email address(es) that you wish to be removed.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process,when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,if MonsterWeb is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.GoogleCheckout
If you choose to use GoogleCheckout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to GoogleCheckout. Google's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the GoogleCheckout Web site.
PayPal
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal Web site.
Tracking Technologies
We use Google AdSense to serve ads on this site. When you view or click on an ad a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other Web sites. You may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/ Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at
We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either use our order form or a third party checkout option. If you use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use a third party checkout option to pay for your order, its privacy statement and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at  . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other Information
Our Web site includes third party hosted widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide single-purpose services (e.g. sharing of articles, videos, etc.). Personal information, like your email address, may be collected and cookies may be set so the widget can work properly. The information through the widget is subject to the widget provider’s privacy policy.
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at   with the location of the information. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, login to your account manager at https://monsterweb.net/client-login, or contact us at   to reset your login information if you are unable to do so through the site. Please do not email any personal information such as address, credit cards, or baking information, as email is not a secure form of communication. You assume all liability for identity theft, fraud, or financial transactions. We will not update the information on your account if it is submitted by email.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Feedback
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
Monster Technologies, Inc.
ATTN: Legal
1259 Loop 337 Ste #101
New Braunfels, TX  78130
United States
Email:
Phone: 210-698-8888
(210) 698-8888
+1 (210) 698-8888
Client Login|Support