http://mozilla.gunnars.net/firefox_help_firefox_cookie_tutorial.html
You are
here:  gunnars.net
- Firefox Help -  Firefox Cookie Tutorial
Firefox
Help:  Firefox's
Cookie Options
Table of contents:
- What are
cookies
and what do they do?
- Firefox's Cookie
Options
- Firefox's Cookie
Manager
- Firefox's
Cookie Exceptions Dialog
- Advanced cookie
options using 'about:config'
People have various
reasons for choosing Firefox, be it that they want to try a "different"
browser, they like Firefox's features such as tabbed browsing or
because
they appreciate Firefox's privacy and security features such as the
Cookie Manager, encryption of saved data,  and much more.
Firefox and Mozilla are in my opinion very secure browsers, even
in their "out of the box" state. Still, with the right settings, you
can make them even better at preserving your privacy and security while
you are surfing the Net. This tutorial will show you how to choose the
right settings for cookies.
Please note
that there probably is not such a thing as perfect security, i.e. there
may be security-related bugs that have not yet been discovered. Plus,
safe use of the internet is always also the individual user's
responsibility.
Note: If you are using the Mozilla Suite or Netscape 7.x, please refer
to the Privacy and Security Tutorial. Their cookie options (among other
things) are covered there.
Keeping the Cookie Monster
in check
What are cookies and
what do they do?
Cookies are small bits of information your browser remembers for a web
site. Your browser saves your cookies in a text file on your harddrive.
Cookies by themselves pose no security risk: They cannot contain a
computer virus, nor can they be used to spy on you by reading your
harddrive's content. They can be very useful and make surfing the
Internet easier when used properly by making sites remember who you are
and in some cases what you like. However, some companies use cookies to
track you across various websites, thus recording your user behavior.
What makes it worse is that often those are companies you never
directly dealt with, which means that you neither gave them the
permission to track you, nor do you know what you get out of the
deal.
With older browsers such as Internet Explorer 5.x or Netscape 4.x, you
only had the choice of either completely disabling cookies, losing
their benefits, allowing all cookies or having to say "Yes" or "No" to
endless alert windows asking you if site "x" was allowed to set a
cookie. Fortunately, newer browsers like Firefox, the Mozilla Suite,
Opera 7
and to some degree Internet Explorer 6 give you the option to
selectively allow and disallow sites to set cookies.
Firefox saves cookies in a file called cookies.txt, which is part of
your Firefox Profile.
Firefox's
Cookie Options
Firefox has several cookie-related options that give you control over
who can and who cannot set cookies. To access Firefox's cookie options,
select Tools -> Options -> Privacy.
IMHO, the ideal setting is to check Allow
Sites to set cookies and select Ask me
every time from the "Keep Cookies" drop-down menu (which is a
somewhat confusing placement of this option). This will make you answer
"yes" or "no" to quite a few cookie dialogs in the beginning, but with
Firefox you only
have to do it once per site. Simply make sure Use
my choice for all cookies from this site is checked (please see
screen shot below).
Firefox's Cookie dialog
There are several aditional alternatives, depending how you surf the
web:
If you don't visit sites that need
to remember who you are,
or if you don't care for that feature, but you visit sites who only
allow you to enter with cookies enabled, check
Allow sites to set cookies and
select until I close Firefox.
This way, Firefox will accept all cookies but they are automatically
deleted once your session is over (i.e. you close Firefox).
As an alternative to the general
recommendation, you can also check for the
originating website only. This should work in most
cases and especially with larger sites, but it may not work properly
with all sites.
Firefox's
Cookie Manager
Firefox's cookie manager allows you to easily see which sites have
already set cookies and what the respective cookie's details are.
Please note that cookie name and cookie content don't usually convei
much useful (to you, the user) information.
Opening Firefox's Cookie Manager
Open Firefox'sCookie Manager by clicking on the View Cookies button,
which will show you all cookies that are currently set.
Another advantage of Firefox's Cookie Manager is that it allows you to
easily remove cookies that you do not want (e.g. tracking cookies from
advertisers) either temporarily, i.e. until they are set again, or
permanently, i.e. Firefox will block the respective cookie(s) in the
future.
Firefox's Cookie Manager
To remove a cookie, select it from the 'Stored Cookies' list in Cookie
Manager and click on the Remove Cookie
button. If you also check
Don't allow sites that set removed
cookies to set future cookies
Firefox will automatically block cookies from that site/domain.
Note 1: This setting only applies to the sites whose
cookies were
removed while this option was checked.
Note 2: It is possible to mark multiple sites while
holding down the
Shift or Ctrl key.
Firefox's
Cookie Exceptions (cookie sites) dialog
If you have accidentally blocked or
allowed cookies from a site, you
can easily change that by using Firefox's Cookie Exceptions dialog.
To configure site permissions
("Cookie sites") in Firefox, i.e. to (un-) block cookies for specific
sites, click on the Exceptions
button.
This will open Firefox's site permissions dialog. To add a site, simply
enter the site's URL (address) into the field that has been marked in
orange.
Then select:
Block -
to block the specified site from setting cookies
Allow for session - to
allow cookies from the specified site for a session only, i.e. Firefox
will delete these cookies when you close the program.
Allow - to allow all
cookies from the specified site.
If you want to remove a site from the list, select it and click on Remove Site. If you want to delete the
entire cookie sites list, simply click on Remove
all Sites.
Advanced
Cookie options using 'about:config'
If you previously used the Mozilla Suite or Netscape 7, you may miss a
few cookie options. These additional options are still available for
Firefox, they can, however, only be accessed using 'about:config'.
Please note that I have not verified if these options still work for
Firefox, but they should.
The following advanced cookie options are available:
Accept cookies for x number of days
(cookie lifetime policy) - this
option will make Firefox keep all cookies for a defined number of days.
Cookies that are older than this will automatically be deleted. To
activate this option, edit the following preferences:
network.cookie.lifetimePolicy -
set this to 3. In addition, set network.cookie.lifetime.days to
the number of days you want cookies to
be kept for.
Allow cookies based on privacy (P3P)
settings - this option will make
Firefox automatically decide whether to accept a cookie or not based on
the site's P3P privacy policy. If third-party sites (like e.g.
advertising banners) want to set cookies, their privacy policies are
also taken into account. To activate this preference, edit the
following preferences:
network.cookie.cookieBehavior -
set this preference to 3. To set the
privacy level, change
network.cookie.p3plevel
/ network.cookie.p3p to:
0 / afafaaaa
for low, 1 / ffffaaaa for medium or 2 / frfradaa
for high.
Please see the screenshot of Netscape 7's P3P cookie preferences dialog
below for more information:
Remove Internet
Explorer, Outlook Express and other Windows components with
98 and 2000/XP Lite.
Note: Please allow the
site to set cookies. This way, referred sales can be attributed to
the Firefox
Help Site.
$2,300.25 that were generated by 98 and 2000/XP Lite sales
through this site have been donated to the Mozilla Foundation
so far.
Read more about using 98 and 2000/XP lite in this FAQ question.
disclaimer     contact     about     links