https://ms.ca/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerPrivacy Policy1. Introduction and Scope
1.1. Introduction. The MS.ca website, or any other MS owned and operated websites or MS mobile applications that link to this Privacy Policy, such as “domains.ms.ca”, (the “Website“) is owned and operated by Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc., a Canadian Corporation with an address in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
1.2. Operation. The Website is owned or controlled by Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc.. Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc. and affiliated companies and suppliers and partners and content providers and technology partners and other entities (collectively, “Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc.“, “Company“, “we“, “us“, or “our“) want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and disclose information from and about you because we understand you are concerned about your privacy, and we want to maintain your trust.
1.3. Scope. This Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to:
(a) the Website,
(b) our mobile services,
(c) sites and applications that we own or control that link to this Privacy Policy, and
(d) any software provided on or in connection with the Website or our services
(collectively, the “Service“), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
1.4. Users. This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users“, or “User“).
2. Consent to Use of Personal Information. By using our Service, or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement and consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this Policy.
3. Children Under 13. We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow people under the age of 13 to register for or use our Service. The Service and the Website and the content and User Content are not directed at children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
4. Information We Collect. We may collect information that identifies you (“Personally Identifiable Information”) when you use the Service. The types of information that we collect may include any of the following:
(a) your name, address, phone number, birth date, billing and delivery information, email address, password, credit card, payment information, financial account information, credit and employment and financial information to assist with offering and providing of products and services. In the event Real Estate related information is provided on the Website, information we collect from you or about you may be used to assist with the qualification for mortgage financing, real estate information, information to assist with your property and real estate search needs, information related to the valuation or potential listing or selling or renting or leasing or buying of real estate or property, information to assist with determining your preferred location(s) and criteria for buying or selling or renting or leasing real estate or property, or other personal information to assist us in the offering and providing of real estate related services to you,
(b) information you provide to us directly,
(c) profile information that you provide for your User profile (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number, location, etc.),
(d) information from you when you register on the Website or on the Service,
(e) information from you when you fill out a form on the Website or on the Service,
(f) User generated content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the Service,
(g) communications between you and us (for example, we may send you Website related and Service related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Website or the Service, technical and security notices, etc.)),
(h) other information that you provide to us but that does not identify you personally, such as records of your visits and information that you submit when using the Service,
(i) information from third parties,
(j) traffic and usage information generated from your visits to the Website and use of the Service, including the type of device that you use to access it and your I.P. address,
(k) location data and geolocation information from your computer, device, software, connection or Internet service provider used to access the Service, and
(l) information about your computer or device or connection used to access the Service including your browser name, the type of computer or device, technical information about users of the computer or device, your means of connection to the Service, your Internet service provider details, the operating system used by your computer or device, user names on the computer or device, and other similar details.
5. How We Collect Information.
5.1. Tracking Technologies We Use. We may use one or more of the following technologies to collect Personally Identifiable Information and other information: cookies, flash cookies, general log information, and referral information from third-party websites. We may also use tracking technologies to collect information about your visits over time and across third-party websites or other online services.
5.2. Analytics Information. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or the Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users. We may use the analytics information we collect on an individual User basis or to generate summary and aggregate information based on information collected from multiple Users.
5.3. Cookies and similar Technologies. When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about you and how you use the Service. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
5.4. Log File Information. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app that is part of the Service. It can also be provided when the content of the Service, the Website, a webpage or app is downloaded to your browser or device. When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
5.5. Device Identifiers. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access the Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, or remotely store one or more “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by the Service. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
5.6. Metadata. Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with content on the Service. For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of content was collected or published and how that content is formatted. Metadata may include geotags (e.g., to mark your location), comments or other data. This makes content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you geotag your User Content or tag your content (including photos) using other’s APIs then, your latitude and longitude may be stored with the content or photo and the content or photo will be searchable (e.g., through a location or map feature) based on geotags and other metadata.
5.7. Aggregate and Individual Information. We gather information about all of our users collectively, and by individual user. We may collect and use information anonymously, in the aggregate, or on an individual basis.
By visiting the Website or using the Service, you agree to the collection, storage and usage of such data and you understand such data will be used to create activity logs including I.P. Address, page views, clicks, email activity, site activity, date and time stamps of activity, device information, User information, and other tracking information, on an aggregate and an individual basis.
6. How We Use or Share Your Information. We may use or share the information that we collect for any of the following purposes:
6.1. to provide, operate, maintain, improve, test, promote, and monitor the effectiveness of the Service,
6.2. to develop and test new products and features of the Service,
6.3. to enable you to access and use the Service, including uploading, downloading, collaborating on, and sharing content,
6.4. to process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices,
6.5. to help you efficiently access your information when you use the Service,
6.6. to remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service,
6.7. to run contests, special offers, promotions or other events or activities (“Events“) on the Service,
6.8. to provide you with information about
(a) technology and technology related services and products
(b) real estate and real estate related services and products,
6.9. to assist you regarding your
(a) technology needs
(b) real estate needs,
6.10. to assist you by providing information you need to answer your
(a) technology questions
(b) real estate questions,
6.11. to provide you with real estate information, media, data, and reports, including
(a) Comparative Market Analysis (CMA) and Home Evaluation reports
(b) Property Listings
(c) Neighborhood Watch Property Listings and Reports
(d) Property Feature Sheets
(e) Property Virtual Tours
(f) Real Estate Historical Transaction Data
(g) Real Estate Trends reports
(h) Real Estate Market reports
(i) Real Estate Guides
(j) Real Estate Brochures
(k) Real Estate Tips
(l) Community Demographics reports
(m) Real Estate Statistics
(n) Home Improvement and Home Renovation Tips and Guides
(o) Real Estate and Community Newsletters, and
(p) Real Estate and Community News,
6.12. to help market and sell the property of sellers via the Service,
6.13. to help locate, assess, and qualify properties for buyers via the Service,
6.14. to help qualify you as a potential buyer or seller of properties or real estate,
6.15. to help in the providing of real estate related services to clients and customers via the Service,
6.16. to help connect you with professionals who provide real estate services and financial services related to the buying or selling or owning or leasing or renting of real estate,
6.17. to help connect you with professionals who provide accounting or legal services related to the buying or selling or owning or leasing or renting of real estate,
6.18. to help connect you with professionals and contractors who provide products or services related to home improvement or home renovations or home repairs or home inspections,
6.19. to help connect you with professionals who provide products or services related to buying, selling, ownership, renting, leasing, maintenance, repairs, upgrades, renovating, design, or improvements of real estate,
6.20. to send you offers and news about products and services of other carefully selected companies or entities or organizations or individuals that we think may be of interest to you,
6.21. to enroll you in third party marketing programs including their online marketing campaigns,
6.22. to provide professional real estate services to clients and customers,
6.23. to send transactional messages, including
(a) responding to your comments, questions, and requests
(b) providing customer assistance and support, and
(c) sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages,
6.24. to send promotional communications, such as providing you with information about the Service, the Website, services, products, features, offers, news or Events,
6.25. to provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing,
6.26. to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Service and for marketing or advertising purposes,
6.27. to monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns,
6.28. to diagnose or fix technology problems,
6.29. to automatically update the Service application on your device,
6.30. to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Service, and other illegal activities,
6.31. to personalize the Website content, the Service, or advertisements, or
6.32. to enable you to share content with other Users.
By using the Service, you consent to us, or our Affiliates, or our Service Providers, or third parties contacting you by post, email, or telephone for any of these purposes. We may also share, release, license, provide for compensation, rent, or sell information we collect, including your personal information, to other entities or third parties as part of lead generation and referral programs we may operate or participate in. You authorize us to use or share or release or sell or otherwise provide your information, including personal information and contact details, to allow us or other entities or third parties to communicate with you.
7. Information Sharing and Disclosure.
7.1. Online Advertising. Ads appearing on the Service may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. These cookies allow the ad servers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement in order to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies on the Service and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers, each of whom maintain their own privacy policy.
7.2. Service Providers Generally. We also may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you (“Service Providers“). Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms. We engage Service Providers to provide services to us. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with them,
(a) subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy,
(b) subject to any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and
(c) on the condition that they use your Personally Identifiable Information only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
We may use third party Service Providers to help us operate the Website and the Service and to administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters, marketing information, emails, correspondence, mailings or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties to perform such tasks.
7.3. Payment Service Providers. We may share your payment information with payment services providers to
(a) process payments,
(b) prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities,
(c) facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds, and
(d) for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit or debit cards.
We may share your credit or debit card number with payment services providers or card networks or financial institutes to monitor card transactions at participating merchants and track redemption activity for the purposes of providing card-linked services.
7.4. Anonymized Data. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
7.5. User Content. Any information, comments, media, data or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, or you share via the Service, or make public on the Service, (collectively, “User Content“), may be made available to the public. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others. Any User Content that you provide via the Service or on the Service may be searchable by other Users and subject to use by us or other Users. If you remove information or User Content that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the Service have copied or saved that information.
7.6. Affiliates. We may share User Content and your information (including but not limited to, any information you provide us, and any information we collect, and information from cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data, and usage data) with businesses and individuals and partners that are legally part of the same group of companies we are part of, or have a working relationship with us related to providing the Service, or that become part of that group (“Affiliates“). Affiliates may use this information to help provide, understand, and improve the Service (including by providing analytics) and Affiliates’ own services (including by providing you with better and more relevant experiences).
7.7. Inappropriate Use. We reserve the unequivocal right to release all your information, to the maximum extent permitted by law in the event that:
(a) we believe you have used or are using the Service for unlawful use, prohibited use, inappropriate use, or to commit unlawful act(s),
(b) the information is subpoenaed or otherwise required in a court proceeding,
(c) you violate or breach any condition(s), term(s), requirement(s), section(s), or portion(s) of the Terms of Use Agreement for the Service,
(d) you have submitted fraudulent or otherwise invalid information to the Website or via the Service,
(e) we believe that you may harm, or have harmed, the property or other rights of us, our members, our employees, our partners, our Affiliates, our Service Providers, our Users, or any other third party, or
(f) when we otherwise deem it necessary or appropriate to do so.
We may disclose any information, record, or communication, to any third party when we, in our sole discretion, determine the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address and your personal information with third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the requirements of any Government Anti-SPAM Act or legislation, as amended from time to time, or any other applicable provincial, state or federal law, rule or regulation.
8. How We Store Your Information.
8.1. Storage and Processing. Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in Canada or any other country in which we, our Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities.
8.2. Across Borders. We, our Affiliates, or Service Providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in a country, or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from Canadian law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
8.3. Transfer of Information. By using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to Canada or to any other country in which we, our Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
8.4. Retention of Information. Following termination or deactivation of your account, or discontinuance of your use of the Service, we, our Affiliates, or Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes.
9. Email and Mail Subscriptions.
9.1. Opt-In. The Service provides Users the opportunity to opt-in to our various mailing lists. By submitting your email address or mailing address, via an opt-in subscribe form on the Website, or via the Service, you are providing your express consent, and you agree to receive information, promotions, marketing material and articles (related to the general topics of technology and real estate and other topics referenced on the Website) via email or mail from us. You may unsubscribe at any time. By subscribing, you agree to our use of email tracking technologies to detect and store a digitally time-stamped record to reveal the exact time and date that an email was received or opened, as well as the I.P. address of the recipient or reader(s) and the link(s) clicked in the email. Email tracking data is detected, stored and used on an aggregate and an individual basis.
9.2. Opt-Out. The Service provides Users the opportunity to opt-out from our mailing lists. You may cancel your email or mail subscriptions anytime. Simply use the “Unsubscribe Link” at the bottom of any email we send, or contact us to request removal. Each mailing list we offer on the Service may have a separate subscribe/un-subscribe process, and your subscription may be managed independently for each mailing list on the Service. Where you may subscribe or opt-in to mailing lists accessible via the Service that are operated by a third-party, you must deal directly with the third-party with respect to un-subscribing or opt-out requests, and we are not responsible for processing or fulfillment of such requests.
10. What Happens in the Event of a Change of Control. If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of the Service or our assets to another organization or another entity or another individual (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation, change of ownership, sale, transfer, consolidation, partnership), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
11. Responding to Legal Requests and Preventing Harm. We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of Canada where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects Users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to:
(a) detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity;
(b) to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations;
(c) and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
12. Controls and Choices.
12.1. Your Controls and Choices. We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information. In accordance with local law, your controls and choices may include any or all of the following:
(a) you may correct, update, and delete your account information,
(b) you may change your choices for subscriptions and newsletters,
(c) you may choose whether or not to receive offers from us, and
(d) you may choose whether you received targeted advertising from us or our partners.
13. Accessing and Correcting Your Information.
13.1. Accuracy of Information. You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up-to-date by using the hyperlinks in communications we send you, or via account features of the Website, or by contacting us.
13.2. Request for Access. Please contact us if you
(a) are concerned about the accuracy of any Personally Identifiable Information,
(b) wish to review, access, amend, or correct any of it, or
(c) would like any of it removed from our records or otherwise deactivated.
13.3. Right to Decline Requests. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not required by applicable law or for any legitimate purposes.
14. Security of Your Information.
14.1. Security Measures. We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to correctly use the information we collect online. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
14.2. No Security Guarantees. Although we take reasonable measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Information, we cannot assure you that your Personally Identifiable Information will never be disclosed, altered or destroyed, in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. We cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
14.3. Please do Your Part to Help Us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information and login credentials for the Service (if applicable), and for controlling access to emails between you and us, at all times. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization or entity.
15. Changes to Privacy Policy. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of the Website or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
16. Other Websites and Services. The Service contains links to other websites and services, which may be operated by companies not affiliated with us. Linked websites and services may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. We are not responsible for either the content of any websites that are not affiliated with us or the privacy practices of those websites. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our Website or Service, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.
17. Contacting Us. You can reach us via:
(a) our Contact Us page displayed on the Website or displayed as part of the Service, or
(b) by email at info@ms.ca, or
(c) by our postal address at: Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc., 19 Torrance Woods, Brampton, Ontario, Canada, L6Y 2T1.
In the event of the death of a User on our Service, please contact us. We will usually conduct our communication via email; should we require any other information, we will contact you at the email address you have provided in your request.
We make a reasonable effort to read all messages received and we make efforts to respond promptly. In addition to replying to your comment or inquiry, we may also file your email for future reference or discard the information. If you choose to correspond with us through email or comments posted on the Website or via the Service, we as the owner may retain the content of your email messages and communications, together with your email address and responses. E-mail information is requested to assist us with communicating with you. Personal information that is collected from this Website or via the Service may be used to effectively market and promote the Website and the Service, and to provide you with information you may have requested.
PLEASE PRINT OR DOWNLOAD A COPY OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOUR RECORDS.
Copyright © 2019 Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
E&OE
[index][index][523.251,659.255,783.991][523.251,659.255,783.991][523.251,659.255,783.991][523.251,659.255,783.991]
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience. By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use and confirm that you have read our Privacy Policy, which details our cookie use.Ok