https://ms.ca/terms/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerTerms of Use AgreementPLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THIS SITE.
By accessing or using the MS.ca website (or any other MS owned and operated websites or MS mobile applications that link to this Terms of Use Agreement, such as “domains.ms.ca”), the website service, code used to generate the pages and content of the website, the content displayed or accessible via the website, or any applications (including mobile applications, mobile services, and any software provided on or in connection with the website service) made available by or through the website (together, the “Service“), however accessed, you agree to be bound by these terms of use and all referenced or linked notices and conditions (together, the “Terms of Use“). The Terms of Use applies to all visitors, users and others who access the Service (“Users“, or “User” or “you“).
The Terms of Use affects your legal rights and obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, do not access or use the Service.
OPERATION
The MS.ca website is owned and operated by Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc., a Canadian Corporation with an address in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
The Service is owned or controlled by Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc. (“Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc.“, “Company“, “we“, “us” or “our“). The Company, and other entities (“Suppliers“) provide information, photos, resources, content, media, data and other materials (together, the “Content“) as part of and included in the Service. The Service and Content are provided to you, the User, conditional upon your acceptance without modification of the Terms of Use. By accessing, the Service, or the Content, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to comply with the Terms of Use. By accessing the Service, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, do not access the Service. Your use or access of the Service constitutes your full and unconditional agreement to the Terms of Use.
As a condition of your use of the Service, you warrant to the Company and its Suppliers that you will not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Terms of Use. If you violate any of terms or conditions of the Terms of Use, your permission to use the Service terminates automatically and immediately.
TERMINATION OF SERVICE
The Company and its Suppliers may make changes, modifications, improvements or updates to the Service or the Content, or terminate the Service, at any time without notice to you or any third party. The Company retains the right at any time to shut down, discontinue, suspend, cancel, modify, or temporarily or permanently terminate the Service without notice to any current or prior or potential User of the Service. If the Company does shut down, discontinue, suspend, cancel, modify or terminate the Service in whole or in part, the Company and its Suppliers will not be held liable to you or any third party for such discontinuance, suspension, cancellation, modification or termination. The Company provides the Service at its own discretion and the Company retains the right to shut down, discontinue, suspend, cancel, modify, or terminate the Service at any time, and the Company is under no obligation to you or any third party to continue operation of the Service or to continue providing the Service.
COPYRIGHT
Permission is granted to electronically copy and print in hard copy parts of the Service or portions of the Content for the sole purpose of navigating through the site or using the Service as a personal resource. The Content and the Service are protected by copyright and other laws, and is intended solely for the private, non commercial use by individuals. Any other reproduction, distribution, republication or use of the Content or the Service, in whole or in part, is specifically forbidden and prohibited.
The foregoing prohibition expressly includes, but is not limited to, “database scraping”, “screen scraping”, “data mining”, and any other activity intended to extract, assemble, gather, collect, store, reorganize or manipulate the Content or the Service. You may not harvest, copy, modify, distribute, publish, license, display, create derivative works from, use on any other web site, frame in any other web page or web site, transfer, sell or disseminate any portion of the Content or any part of the Service.
You agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, reproduce, copy or deconstruct any source code, HTML, scripts, software, program code, code libraries, or program files that are part of the Service or the Content. The Content, the Service and all source code or object code or software used to generate the Content as part of the Service, including the organization and structure and design and architecture and layout of the Web site or the Content or any part of the Service, are owned and copyrighted by the Company and its Suppliers. No dissemination, copying, transmission, distribution or reproduction of the copyrighted materials at this Web site or part of the Content or part of the Service is allowed or permitted without express prior written permission from the Company and its Suppliers.
INFORMATION DISPLAYED
The Company and its Suppliers provide the Content and the Service “AS IS” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law. The Company and its Suppliers do not warrant the functions contained in this site or in the Content or in the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or its server or the Content or the Service are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Content and the Service may include typographical errors, inaccuracies and mistakes.
The Company and its Suppliers make reasonable efforts to ensure the Content and the Service are accurate, complete, and current. However, the Company and its Suppliers make no warranties or representations as to its accuracy and assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Content or the Service. The Company and its Suppliers cannot guarantee, and will not be responsible for any damage or loss related to, the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the Content or the Service.
You use the Service and the Content at your own risk. No part of the Content or of the Service, including the information offered on this Web site, is to be construed or interpreted as legal, accounting or professional advice. The Content and the Service are provided for informational purposes only. The Company and its Suppliers assume no responsibility for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to any action or inaction that you take based on the Service or the Content.
Your use of the Service is subject to the additional disclaimers, conditions, stipulations and limitations that may appear throughout the Web site or be referenced in the Content.
COMMUNICATIONS ON THE WEB SITE
You agree to not post, submit, or transmit any material, comments, information, resources or media to the Web site that could constitute or encourage conduct that could be considered a criminal offense, or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any material, comments, user content or media to the Web site that could be considered inaccurate, unlawful, racial, inflammatory, hateful, libelous, abusive, threatening, defamatory, inappropriate, scandalous, obscene, pornographic, profane, or otherwise offensive. Although the Company may from time to time monitor or review postings, transmissions, comments, discussions, chats, ratings, reviews, bulletin boards, and the like which may appear from time to time on the Web site, the Company is under no obligation to do so. The Company assumes no liability or responsibility arising from the contents of any such communications nor for any information or material within such communications on the Web site. The Company and its Suppliers will cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or government agencies or court order directing or requesting the Company or its Suppliers to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such inappropriate user content, information or materials to the Web site.
AMENDMENTS
The Company may at any time amend the Terms of Use. The Company may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified Terms of Use to this Web site. Your continued use of the Service is conditioned on the terms and conditions stated at the time of your use. You should visit this page prior to using this site to determine the current terms and conditions to which you are bound. You agree to review this agreement periodically, and your continued use of the Service shall be deemed your acceptance of the Terms of Use.
USER INFORMATION
If and when requested by the Web site or as part of using the Service, you agree to provide only true, accurate and complete user information. You agree to refrain from providing any false, incorrect, incomplete or misleading information. You agree to refrain from falsely representing yourself or falsely impersonating any other person, organization, or entity of either fictional or actual origin. You agree to only use your true identity and you agree to refrain from misrepresenting your identity when interacting with the Web site or using the Service. You shall not attempt to cloak or conceal your identity or your application’s identity when using or interacting with the Service. By submitting information via the Service, you acknowledge and affirm that you have a current, bona fide, genuine and good faith interest in the products or services of the Company and the Content of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to our collection and use of your contact and personal information to assist you regarding your technology needs.
You agree to refrain from accessing, or attempting to access, any private, secure, non-public, or password protected area or restricted part of the Content or of the Service without prior written permission from the Company. You agree to keep private and secure, any login credentials, passwords, usernames or authentication data provided to you by the Service or the Company and you agree to refrain from sharing, distributing or providing any such login credentials, passwords, usernames, or authentication data with or to any other individual or entity.
MALICIOUS BEHAVIOUR
You agree not to initiate or be involved in any malicious activity that may adversely harm or affect the Service. You agree not to perform any attacks such as Denial of Service (DoS) attacks or Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks against the Web site or the Service. You agree not to hack or attempt to hack the Web site or any technology connected to the Service. You agree not to post, upload, email or otherwise transmit or send any material that contains software viruses, worms, trap doors, back doors, Trojan horses, spyware, malware, adware, malicious programs, malicious code, or any other computer code, files or programs intended to or which does interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Service or any computer hardware or software or technology infrastructure or telecommunications equipment connected to the Service. You agree not to use any hacking, surveillance, interception or descrambling equipment when accessing, using or interacting with the Service. You agree not to undertake any activity that may jeopardize, corrupt, erase or harm any data, databases or content connected to or related to the Service. You acknowledge that it is a violation of criminal and civil laws to attempt any deliberate act to damage the Web site or the Service or to deliberately interfere with or undermine the operation of the Web site or the Service. You agree not to interfere with the telecommunications equipment, networks or servers connected to or used by the Service. You agree to obey any and all requirements, policies, regulations, terms and conditions, and procedures of networks connected to or used by the Service.
ADDITIONAL NOTICES
The Company advises you of additional notices posted on this Web site. Your continued use of the Service is conditioned on the contents of these additional notices at the time of your use. You should visit all additional notice pages prior to using the Service to determine the current terms and conditions to which you are bound and warnings to which you are notified. These additional notices include but are not limited to the following pages accessible by link here: PRIVACY POLICY, TRADEMARKS.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Service, the Content, and the Web site may include links, hyperlinks, and references to other Internet web sites not operated by the Company as a convenience to the Users. The Company and its Suppliers do not endorse any such web sites or the information, material, products, resources or services contained on or accessible through such sites. Your access and use of such sites, including all information, material, products, resources and services contained on such sites, shall be solely at your own risk. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. Neither the Company nor its Suppliers control such web sites, and are not responsible for their contents. Visit and use such sites solely at your own risk. We do not operate or control in any respect any information, software, products, resources or services available on such web sites. The inclusion of a link to a web site does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization.
ERRORS AND DELAYS
The Company and its Suppliers are not responsible for any errors or delays in responding to any communications or correspondence (either electronic or other) sent via the Service or via any form or email or contact details displayed or integrated or associated with the Web site or the Service.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Service and the Content are provided “AS IS”, without warranty of any kind. The Company and its Suppliers disclaim any warranties, either express or implied, including any warranties of Title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Neither the Company nor its Suppliers or any of its partners, related entities, sponsors, advertisers, content providers, or service providers will be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of use of the Service, or inability to gain access to or use the Service. The Company and its Suppliers will not be liable for any information, resource, or material displayed or associated with any web sites it links to as part of the Service. Use of the Service is acknowledgment, agreement and consent of a full and final release given by you to the Company and its Suppliers for any and all real or potential damages or liabilities arising out of use of the Service or the Content. The Company and its Suppliers provide the Content as part of the Service but the Company and its Suppliers assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the Content or the Service.
HEADINGS
The section headings contained in the Terms of Use are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the Terms of Use.
LANGUAGE
If the Terms of Use are translated into a language other than English and there are conflicts between the translations, the English version shall prevail and control.
GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS
For now, we provide the Service for use only by persons located in Canada. We make no claims that the Service or the Content is accessible, appropriate or legal outside of Canada. If you access the Service from outside Canada, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
GOVERNING LAW
The Terms of Use and the resolution of any dispute related to the Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of Ontario, Canada. The courts in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, will have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and decide any disputes relating to the Terms of Use or use of the Service, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. The Company or its Suppliers’ failure to exercise, enforce, or insist upon strict enforcement of any provision of the Terms of Use, shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right contained within the Terms of Use.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of the Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
INDEMNITY
As a condition of use of the Service you agree to indemnify the Company and its Suppliers from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of the Service, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of the Terms of Use.
THIS WEB SITE AND THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND DATA ASSOCIATED WITH IT, AND THE SERVICE, AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”. THE COMPANY AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO THIS WEB SITE AND THE SERVICE AND THE CONTENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE COMPANY AND ITS SUPPLIERS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR OTHER INJURY ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER RESULTING IN WHOLE OR IN PART, FROM BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORTIOUS BEHAVIOR, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
PLEASE PRINT OR DOWNLOAD A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR YOUR RECORDS.
Copyright © 2019 Mustard Seed eCommerce, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
E&OE
[index][index][523.251,659.255,783.991][523.251,659.255,783.991][523.251,659.255,783.991][523.251,659.255,783.991]
This site uses functional cookies and external scripts to improve your experience. By using this site, you agree to our Terms of Use and confirm that you have read our Privacy Policy, which details our cookie use.Ok