https://mstusa.com/company/privacy-policy/
+
products
Viewing Solutions
eViewer
eViewer - HTML5
eViewer ASP.NET
MST Viewer
MST Windows Viewer .NET
MST Applet Viewer Java
Legacy Viewers
eClient
pClient
SDKs and Toolkits
MST Raster SDK
Conversion solutions
MST Batch Converter
Conversion
Partners
Reseller Program
OEM Partner Program
ISV Partner Program
Partner Resources
Company
News & Events
Newsroom
Events
Company Information
About MST
Careers at MST
+
How can we help you?
Title
Company *
Email Address *
Phone Number
Country *
United States (U.S.A.)
Afghanistan
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
England (UK)
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Maldives
Mexico
Monaco
Morocco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Singapore
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wales
Yugoslavia
Other
Product of interest *
eViewer HTML5
eViewer ASP.NET
MST Windows Viewer .NET
MST Applet Viewer Java
eClient
pClient
MST Raster SDK
MST Batch Converter
Platform *
ASP.NET
C / C++
Java
.NET Framework
HTML5
OTHER
ECM/Backend Repository
*
Alfresco
Cloud infrastructure
CMIS Compliant
EMC Documentum
IBM Content Manager 8
IBM FileNet P8
IBM FileNet 3.5
Microsoft SharePoint 2010
Microsoft SharePoint 2013
Microsoft SharePoint 2016
Microsoft SharePoint 2019
Microsoft SharePoint Online
Oracle
Onbase
OpenText
Other
Operating System Requirement *
AWS
IBM AIX
IBM AS/400
IBM i 7
Microsoft Azure
Microsoft Windows 10
Windows Server 2012
Windows Server 2016
Windows Server 2019
Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6
Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7
Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8
Linux
Other
Do you have any questions about our solutions?
* Yes, I would like to receive marketing emails from MS Technology, Inc., I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Send
Thank you for contacting us.
Someone will be in touch shortly to discuss your MS Technology, Inc. needs.
Updated May 25, 2018
At MS Technology, Inc, we are committed to protecting your privacy and to developing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience. Occasionally, you will be asked to provide information about yourself. This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations.
Information we collect and how we collect it:
1. Information you provide via electronic form submission
In order to evaluate our software or have a sales engagement we need to collect specific information including name, title, company, city, state, country, email, IT infrastructure, and product preferences. Our account managers are divided by state and country so it is important that we understand where you are located to provide you with the best experience during your evaluation period.
2. Information collected via cookies and web analytics
We value your time and want to be sure we provide you with information relevant to your interests. We rely on various cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver online content and offers so that you are quickly provided with information that matters to you. (See detailed information under the “Cookies & Tracking” section below).
3. Information collected via support communications (forms, email and phone)
During your evaluation period, and when you become a customer or partner, you may engage with our support team to help get you up and running or troubleshoot issues. In addition to your personal contact information including name, company, title, email, phone and username, we may need to get the following information, including but not limited to, your system information, hardware and software environments, and sample files pertaining to your case.
4. Information collected during sales process (via email and phone)
As we engage in a sales agreement, we will need to collect financial information (electronic payment information and/or mailing address and point of contact for payment) as well as legal contract information.
5. Information collected for job submissions (via email)
If you are submitting an application for a job at MST you will be asked to provide your resume along with your contact information, work history, and qualifications.
6. Information collected from marketing events
You may visit MST at an in-person event. If you are interested in a follow-up by MST, we may ask you for a business card or to scan your badge. If we scan your badge we will be collecting the information you provided to the show organizers. If you sign up for a webinar we will be collecting information via a form to send you the relevant event details and follow-up. If you participate in a webinar by a third-party provider where MST is the sponsor, the vendor may share that information with us to be able to follow-up with you after the event.
7. Information collected from surveys / giveaways
Getting feedback from our users is crucial for product development and enhancements as well as internal process improvements. Usually our surveys are anonymous unless you would like to be contacted to discuss your feedback. We provide fields to get your contact information including name, company, email and location so we can get in touch with you for follow-up or if you are entering for a contest.
8. Information we collect about you from third-parties:
We usually collect personal information directly from you, however if you are working with us through a partner, system integrator, or reseller, we may be getting your information directly from such third party.
How we use personal information:
To alert you to product upgrades, bug fixes, special offers, updated information and other new services from MS Technology, Inc.
Fulfilling a contract (if you choose to purchase a MST product).
Assisting you with your support cases to help get you up and running, responding to support tickets, and helping facilitate the resolution of any disputes.
Updating you with operational news and information about MST and its software (e.g. to notify you about security updates, product changes or issues).
Managing our relationship with you (e.g. by responding to your comments or queries submitted to us on our website or asking for your feedback or whether you want to participate in a survey).
Managing our legal and operational affairs (including, managing risks relating to content and fraud matters).
Training MST staff about how to best serve your user community. Improving our products and services.
Providing general administrative and performance functions and activities.
Processing your job application with MS Technology.
Where you give us consent:
1. providing you with marketing information about products and services which we feel may interest you.
2. customizing our services and websites, like advertising that appears on the Site – where this involves the use of cookies or similar technologies – in order to provide a more personalized experience.
For purposes which are required by law.
For the purpose of responding to requests by government, a court of law, or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
When we disclose your personal information:
We do not sell, lease, rent or give away your personal information. We only disclose your personal information as described below within MST, with our partners, with service providers that process data on our behalf, and with public authorities as required by applicable law.
We will disclose personal information to the following recipients:
Subcontractors and service providers who assist us in connection with your account.
Partners who may communicate with you about their related MST services and offerings. If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from our partners, you can unsubscribe directly using the unsubscribe link or tool provided in the partner’s email or other communication to you.
Our professional advisers (lawyers, accountants, financial advisers etc.) which are located in the United States.
Regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations.
A purchaser or prospective purchaser of all or part of our assets or our business, and their professional advisers in connection with the purchase.
A third party to respond to requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity.
A third party in order to enforce or defend our rights or to address financial or reputational risks.
A rights holder in relation to an allegation of intellectual property infringement or any other infringement.
Other recipients where we are authorized or required by law to do so.
Cookies & Tracking:
We use the information on how you interact with MST and our sites to promote our commercial offerings and to optimize the delivery of communications. In addition we may use your personal information to provide you with advertisements, promotions and information about products and services tailored to you and your needs. This may include demographic data or trend data provided by third-parties, where permitted. Contact details, including phone numbers, mail and email addresses, may be used to contact you. If you do not want us to use your personal information in this way, you can simply choose not to consent to such use of your data on the webpages and/or forms through which such personal information is collected.
Tracking Technologies, Cookies & Do-Not-Track Cookies:
Cookies are commonly used small text files that are placed on your computer or device by websites that you visit or HTML-formatted emails you open, to make websites work, or work more efficiently. There are different types of cookies including:
Analytics or customization cookies that collect data that is either used in aggregate form to help us understand how the website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize the website for you.
Advertising cookies and tracking scripts are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously re-appearing, ensuring that ads are properly delivered and, in some cases, featuring ads based on your interests. If you do not wish to receive cookies you may be able to refuse them by not agreeing to the use of them upon entering the website. If you do so, we may be unable to offer you some of our functionalities, services or support. If you have previously visited our websites, you may also have to delete any existing cookies from your browser. We gather certain data automatically and store it in log files. This data may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this log data with other data we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
Do-Not-Track:
MS Technology, Inc welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. Please contact us by e-mail.There are different ways you can prevent tracking of your online activity. One of them is setting a preference in your browser that alerts websites you visit that you do not want them to collect certain data about you. This is referred to as a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) signal. Please note that our websites may not recognize or act in response to DNT signals from web browsers. There is currently no universally-accepted standard for what a company should do when a DNT signal is detected.
If you have come to our site through a third-party referral you may have a cookie placed by the third-party. These third-party cookies are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
How we keep your personal information secure
Safeguards
We take reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical, organizational, and physical security and risk management measures in accordance with applicable laws to ensure that your personal information is adequately protected against accidental or unlawful destruction, damage, loss or alteration, unauthorized or unlawful access, disclosure or misuse, and all other unlawful forms of processing of your personal information in our possession.
Securing personal information is an important aspect of protecting privacy. Our security organization applies policies, standards and supporting security controls at the level appropriate to the risk level and the services provided. In addition, appropriate security controls are communicated to application owners and technology teams across the business to support secure development of products and a secure operating environment. In addition we are constantly focusing internally on making security and technology improvements in support of the effort to protect personal information.
We pay specific attention to the protection of personal information and the risks associated with processing this data. These measures include:
Physical Safeguards
We lock doors and file cabinets, control access to our facilities, implement a clean desk policy, and apply secure destruction to media containing your personal information. We use CCTV and 24/7 alarm monitoring in all office spaces. We also use a secure data center facility that meets SSAE standards.
Technology Safeguards
We use appropriate network and information security technologies and we monitor our systems and data centers to ensure that they comply with our security policies.
Organizational Safeguards
We conduct regular company-wide, as well as role-specific and targeted training and awareness programs on security and privacy, to make sure that our employees and contractors understand the importance of protecting your personal information, and that they learn and maintain the necessary knowledge and skills effectively to protect it in practice. Our organizational privacy policy and standards also guide our handling of your personal information.
Personal Information Breaches
MST takes every reasonable measure to prevent personal information breaches. If a breach were to occur, we have a process in place to take swift action within our responsibilities. These actions will be consistent with the role we have in relation to the products, services or processes affected by the breach. In all cases, we will work together with affected parties to minimize effects, to make all notifications and disclosures that are required by applicable law or otherwise warranted, and to take action to prevent future breaches.
Storage of Your Personal Information
The data we collect from you may be stored, with risk-appropriate technical and organizational security measures applied to it, on in-house as well as third-party servers in the United States as well as anywhere MST or our partners, system integrators, or resellers operate. Data collected by MST through sales and marketing efforts as well as through support requests are stored only in leading cloud services that meet or exceed industry standards.
Marketing Choices regarding your personal information:
Where we have your consent to do so (e.g. if you have subscribed to one of our email lists or have indicated that you are interested in receiving offers or information from us), we send you marketing communications by email about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. You can ‘opt-out’ of such communications if you would prefer not to receive them in the future by using the “unsubscribe” link in the email itself.
You also have choices about cookies, as described above. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies some parts of our Sites may not work properly in your case.
Information about children:
Our Sites are not suitable for children under the age of 16 years, so if you are under 16 we ask that you do not use our Sites or give us your personal information. It’s the responsibility of parents or guardians to monitor their children’s use of our Sites.
How long we keep your personal information:
We retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and others, and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your personal information or to provide you with MST’s services, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Policy.
How you can access your personal information:
You are also entitled to ask us to port your personal information (i.e. to transfer it in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) to you, to erase it, or to restrict its processing. You also have rights to object to some processing that is based on our legitimate interests, such as profiling that we perform for the purposes of direct marketing and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent as more fully described below.
These rights are limited in some situations – for example, we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your personal information. In some instances, this means that we may retain some data even if you withdraw your consent.
Where we require your personal information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory: if such data is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship with you, or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of requested personal information is optional.
If you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country: (i) of your habitual residence; (ii) of your place of work; or (iii) in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.
When we need to update this Policy:
We reserve the right to revise or modify this Policy. In addition, we may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How you can contact us:
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or the way in which we have been managing your personal information, please contact us at privacy team at mstusa dot com, eviewer dot net or +1-704-544-3403.
MS Technology respects your right to privacy, we will not share your information with any other company.
Opt Out Option:
If you prefer not to receive communications from MS Technology, Inc., please contact us via the MST’s website, www.mstusa.com.
MENU
Share
Contact Sales
© 2011 -  MS Technology Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Sitemap