http://mtechit.com/termsofuse.html
Français
Sitemap
Contact Us
Hitachi ID Systems
Home
Solutions
Industry
Education
Finance
IAM as a Service
Products
Hitachi ID Bravura Security Fabric
Hitachi ID Bravura Discover
Hitachi ID Bravura Group
Hitachi ID Bravura Identity
Solutions
Group Management
Slow Onboarding
Unreliable Deactivation
Complex Access Requests
Obsolete Access Rights
Policy Violations
Costly Audits
No Accountability for Changes
Costly Security Administration
Features
Group Lifecycle Management
Peer Groups
Automated Onboarding and Deactivation
Access Request Portal
Self-service Profile Updates
Delegated Access Administration
Robust Approvals Process
Access Reviews and Remediation
Segregation of Duties Policy Enforcement
Role-based Access Control
Risk Scores
History of Requests and Entitlements
Find Orphan and Dormant Accounts
Actionable Analytics
Screen Shots and Video
Videos
Concept Animations
Screen Shots
Benefits
Faster SLA to Grant Access
Complete and Reliable Deactivation
Link Access Rights to Business Context
Prevent Fraud and Minimize Risk
Compliance with Regulations
Empower Auditors to Answer Their Own Queries
Technology
Components and Policy Tables to Customize IAM Processes
Auto-discovery of Identities and Entitlements
Relationship-based Access Controls
Privacy Protection
Implementers Workflow
Intercept 'Access Denied' Dialogs
Compare User Entitlements
Automated and Self-service ID Mapping
Robust Workflow for Human Stake-holders
Role Mining and Entitlement Analytics
Reports, Dashboards and Analytics
Library
Hitachi ID Bravura Pass
Solutions
Too Many Passwords
Users Locked Out of Their PCs
High IT Support Call Volume
Weak Authentication into SaaS Apps
Uneven Support Call Volume
Weak Passwords
Off-hours IT Support
Too Many Privileged Users
Features
Password Synchronization
Transparent Password Synchronization
Web Browser Password Synchronization
Self-service Password Reset
Self-service, Anywhere
Managed User Enrollment
Unlock PC with Drive Encryption
Federated Access
Password Policy Enforcement
Password Expiration
Personal Password Vault
Assisted Password Reset
Telephone Access to Self-service
RSA SecurID Token Management
Smart Card PIN Reset
Download Contacts to Mobile Phone
Reports and Analytics
Screen Shots and Video
Videos
Concept Animations
Screen Shots
Benefits
Stronger Security
Lower IT Support Cost
Improved User Service
Technology
Target System Connectors
Other Integrations
Flexible Authentication
Send E-mails
Ticket Integration
Embed in Web Portals
Telephony (IVR)
Access to Self-service
Help Locked Out Users
Self-service for Off-site Users
Map User IDs
Bravura Pass Scalability
Telephone Access
Bravura Pass Language Support
On-premises Runtime Requirements
Library
Hitachi ID Bravura Privilege
Solutions
Static Passwords
Secure Credential Storage
Administrator Accountability
Reliable Authentication
Pre-authorized Access
One-time Access
Stop Disclosing Passwords
Forensic Audits
Scaling Up
Secure Windows Service Accounts
Secure Embedded Accounts
Features
Randomize Privileged Account Passwords
Flexible Access Disclosure Mechanisms
Direct Connection
VDI Proxy
Web Proxy
Account Sets
Group Sets
Temporary SSH Trust
Secure Credential Vault
Policy to Control Access
Risk Scoring Access Requests
Session Recording
SSH Key Management
Secure and Monitor Vendor Access
Change Windows Service Account Passwords
Secure Application-to-Application Passwords
Reports, Dashboards and Analytics
Screen Shots and Video
Videos
Concept Animations
Screen Shots
Benefits
Risk Management
Workforce Flexibility
Technology
Network Architecture
Rendering SSH and RDP Sessions in a Browser
Network Path to Managed Systems
Emergency Access
Included Connectors
Infrastructure Auto-discovery
Bravura Pass Scalability
Granular Access Control
Privacy Protection
Authenticating Applications
Segregation of Duties
Flag Unusual Requests
Library
Hitachi ID Mobile Access
Suite 11.0
Suite 11.1
Start Free Trial
Services
Solution Delivery
Methodology
Education
Partner Training Courses
Partner Training Courses Detailed Steps
Customer Training Courses
Customer Training Courses Detailed Steps
AWS Virtual Machine Contents and Environment
Administrator Required Skills
Hitachi ID Bravura Identity
Hitachi ID Bravura Pass
Hitachi ID Bravura Privilege
Upgrades
AdMax Program
Managed IAM
Technology
Network Architecture
SaaS Network Architecture
Active-Active Network Architecture
On-premises Runtime Requirements
100+ Included Connectors
Active Directory
LDAP Directories
SaaS Applications
SAP ECC, HCM, GRC and HANA
Oracle eBusiness Suite, PeopleSoft and JD Edwards
Z/OS with RAC/F, ACF/2 or TopSecret
iSeries (AS/400)
Databases
Drive Encryption
RSA SecurID
Service Catalog / Ticketing Systems
Mobile App and Access from BYOD
Web Services and APIs
Localization
2FA for Everyone
Library
Documents
Savings Calculator
Independent Reviews
Certifications
Support
Support for Older Releases
Portal Login
Company
News & Events
Upcoming Events
Press Releases
Press Coverage
Archived Webinars
Customers
North America Customers
Europe Customers
South Pacific Customers
Customer Referral
Customer Portal
Partners
All Partners
Partner Portal Login
New Partner Sign-up
Opportunity Registration
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Case Studies
Free Trial
Request Demo
Hitachi ID Systems Web Site Copyright Statement
The terms under which you may reproduce documents and pages hosted on this web site.
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc. ("Hitachi ID Systems")
Website Terms of Use Agreement ("Agreement")
Date last amended: 2008-09-17
Web Site Terms of Use
Collectively, the terms below are referred to as the "Agreement."
Read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this
site.
by using or accessing this site, you acknowledge that you have
read these terms of use ("Agreement"), and that you accept and will
be bound by the agreement.
The following agreement describes the terms under which you may
access and use the Hitachi ID or affiliated website(s), which include
but are not limited to
Hitachi-ID.com,
Hitachi-ID.com/identity-manager/features/group-management.html,
Hitachi-ID.com/privileged-access-manager,
Hitachi-ID.com/identity-manager/features/access-certification.html,
Hitachi-ID.com/identity-manager and
Hitachi-ID.com/password-manager,
collectively
("website").
By accessing and viewing the website or any documentation
contained therein you are agreeing to be legally bound by all of the
terms and conditions of this agreement.
If you do not agree with all
of the terms and conditions of this agreement, you may not access,
view or use the website or any documentation contained therein.
Amendments
Hitachi ID may amend this Agreement at any time by posting a new Agreement
in place of this one. The amended Agreement shall automatically be
effective when posted.
1. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
Copyright 1995- Hitachi ID Systems, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
2. TRADEMARK NOTICE
The trademarks, logos, service marks (collectively "Trademarks")
displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks
of Hitachi ID Systems, its Affiliates or respective owners. "Hitachi ID",
"Hitachi", "Hitachi ID Systems", the Hitachi ID logo, and "Hitachi-ID.com"
are trademarks and/or service marks of Hitachi, Ltd., and/or Hitachi ID Systems, Inc.
Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting
by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use the
Trademarks displayed on this Site. Misuse of any Trademark or any content
displayed on this Site is prohibited.
3. LICENSE GRANT & OWNERSHIP BY HITACHI
License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
and until termination of the Agreement, Hitachi ID grants you
a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to view or print the
Content in this Site without alterations, for personal, non-commercial
use only. This limited license does not apply to any media or platform
other than that of the current Site.
Ownership. All Content on the Site is (and shall continue to be)
owned exclusively by Hitachi ID or Other Providers, and is
protected under applicable copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade dress,
and/or other proprietary rights, and the copying, redistribution, use
or publication by you of any such Content or any part of the Site is
prohibited. Under no circumstances will you acquire any ownership rights
or other interest in any Content by or through your Site Use.
4. RESTRICTIONS ON USE
a. Prohibited Acts. Concerning your Site Use or any Content, you agree not to:
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site;
Use any device, software or technique to interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site;
Post or transmit into or on the Site any unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, harassing, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable or harmful Information of any kind;
Post or transmit into or on the Site any Information or software that contains a virus, bug, worm, trojan horse or other harmful or disruptive element;
Publish, republish, perform, distribute, assign, sublicense, sell, prepare derivative works, modify, lease, rent, copy, reverse compile, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, transmit, display, decompile, translate, or use the Content (other than as expressly permitted in sections 3 and 6(d));
Post or transmit into or on the Site any Information in violation of another party's copyright or intellectual property rights, including Information that infringes on another's rights;
Take any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Hitachi ID' infrastructure, as determined solely by Hitachi ID;
Redeliver any of the Content using "framing", hyperlinks, or other technology without Hitachi's express written permission; or,
Use any device or technology to provide repeated automated attempts to access password-protected portions of the Site.
b. Commercial Exploitation. You agree not to reproduce or commercially exploit any Content in any form, other than as expressly provided in sections 3 and 6(d).
c. Right to Regulate. You acknowledge that Hitachi ID has the right, but no obligation, to monitor the Site and to disclose any Information necessary to operate the Site, to protect Hitachi, its subsidiaries, licensors, and customers, and to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests. Hitachi ID reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any Information on the Site, in whole or in part, for any reason.
d. Law Compliance. You agree to comply with all governmental laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising) regarding your Site Use.
5. YOUR SITE USE ACTIVITIES
Password-Protected Areas. If you are allowed access to password-protected areas of the Site, you agree to keep your password confidential, to send Notice to Hitachi ID within 24 hours if your password is compromised.
Unauthorized E-mail. Relating to your Site Use, you agree not to engage in the sending of any mass e-mail messages (also known as "spamming" ) to Hitachi ID or its employees.
Linked-Sites. You acknowledge that Hitachi ID neither endorses nor is affiliated with any Linked-Site and is not responsible for any information (including any materials, software, content, or data) that appears on the Linked-Site. No information in any Linked-Site has been investigated, confirmed, approved, or verified by Hitachi ID. You also acknowledge that the owner of the Linked-Site neither endorses nor is affiliated with Hitachi ID. If you have a dispute or claim relating to a Linked-Site, you release Hitachi ID from any and all such claims.
Dated Materials. You acknowledge that Hitachi ID has no obligation to update the Site, and that there is a possibility that Content may be out of date.
External Issues. You acknowledge that (i) the internet is a network of computers worldwide, and that any Information submitted by you to Hitachi ID necessarily is routed via third party computers to Hitachi ID, (ii) Hitachi ID is not responsible for lapses in online security and does not assume liability for improper use of your Information by a third party.
6. SUBMISSIONS OF INFORMATION BY YOU
When applicable, before submitting any Information to this Site, you agree to always check your license agreements (including software licenses) to make sure that you do not infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
You agree that, by submitting any Information to Hitachi ID, you grant Hitachi ID a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to (in any media now known or not currently known or invented) link to, utilize, use, copy, reproduce, distribute, adapt, perform, display, sublicense (through multiple tiers), exploit, and prepare derivative works of the submitted Information. By submitting Information to Hitachi ID, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to grant such rights to Hitachi ID.
No Information you submit shall be deemed confidential. However, Hitachi ID agrees to use your Information in accordance with its Privacy Policy (if any) applicable to personally identifiable user data.
YOU RETAIN OWNERSHIP OF ANY COPYRIGHTS OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO ANY INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT TO HITACHI.
7. APPLICABILITY, COOPERATION & INDEMNITY
Geographic Scope. Hitachi ID reserves the right to limit the provision of any product or service to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction as it so desires, or as required by law.
Content changes. Hitachi ID in its sole discretion may add, delete or change the Content at any time, without notice to you.
Indemnity. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hitachi ID and Other Providers against any and all liabilities, claims, damages, costs or other expenses (including attorneys' fees, costs, expenses, and expert witness fees) that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of this Agreement, or (ii) your Site Use.
8. RESTRICTED RIGHTS & EXPORT CONTROLS
Government Use. The software and documentation available on the Site are "commercial items," as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (October 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and related documentation, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (September 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. and Canadian government end users acquire the software and documentation with only those rights set forth herein.
Export Compliance. You acknowledge and agree to comply with all U.S. and Canadian laws, regulations and requirements applicable to the export of U.S. and Canadian origin products and technology.
9. LIMITED WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. HITACHI ID SYSTEMS, INC. AND OTHER CONTENT PROVIDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE CONTENT HEREON. THIS SITE, AND ACCESS TO ANY LINKED-SITE, IS PROVIDED TO YOU BY ALL CONTENT PROVIDERS "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ALL WARRANTIES BY HITACHI RELATING TO YOUR SITE USE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE WILL NOT BE FREE OF INTERRUPTIONS, THAT THE INFORMATION HEREIN MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS, AND THAT THE SITE MAY BE UNAVAILABLE FROM TIME TO TIME. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR SITE USE AND SITE-RELATED SERVICES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL HITACHI ID SYSTEMS, INC. OR ANY OF THE CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING DAMAGES FROM LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST PROFITS, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE), SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE SITE, YOUR SITE USE, OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE AND/OR CONTENT IS TO CEASE ALL OF YOUR SITE USE. You may have additional rights under certain laws (including consumer laws) which do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, the exclusions or limitations in this Agreement that directly conflict with such laws may not apply to you.
10. CONTACTING HITACHI ID SYSTEMS, INC.
Should you desire to contact Hitachi ID, you may do so at: Hitachi ID Systems, Inc. 500, 1401 - 1st Street S.E. Calgary, Alberta, Canada, T2G 2J3 1.403.233.0740.
11. MISCELLANEOUS
Transaction Location, Governing Law, Jurisdiction, & Venue. This Agreement shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Canada and of the province of Alberta (exclusive of conflicts of law rules). The language in this Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any party. Each party to this Agreement hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of Calgary in the Province of Alberta, consents to the extra-territorial service of process, and waives any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. All legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought up solely in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Hitachi ID makes no representation that the Content is appropriate or available for use in locations outside of Canada, and your accessing the Content from locations where such Content is illegal is strictly prohibited.
Disputes & Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to its costs, attorneys' fees, and expenses (including expert witness fees). You acknowledge that any breach by you of the provisions of the Agreement will cause irreparable damage to Hitachi ID or Other Providers and that a remedy at law will be inadequate. Therefore, in addition to any and all other legal or equitable remedies, Hitachi ID and Other Providers will be entitled to injunctive relief for any breach of this Agreement.
Severability. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
Complete Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between you and Hitachi ID pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and is intended to be a complete and absolute integration of the agreement between the parties. Concerning the subject matter hereof, any and all prior written agreements, representations, understandings, and warranties (collectively, "Understandings"), and all contemporaneous or prior oral Understandings between the parties are expressly superseded, cancelled, and replaced by this Agreement. You agree to review this Agreement prior to any Site Use, and each Site Use by you shall constitute and be deemed your unconditional acceptance of this Agreement. The Parties agree that this Agreement and all Information relating to your Site Use are properly authenticated documents and may be given full evidentiary weight if submitted in evidence by you or Hitachi ID.
Modifications. This Agreement may only be modified by Hitachi ID, by posting a Revised Agreement on the Site. The Revised Agreement shall be effective immediately for all of your subsequent Site Use. You agree to review the Agreement periodically to be aware of the terms and conditions applicable to future Site Use.
Limitations Period. Any cause of action by either party must be instituted within one (1) year after the Site Use relating to such cause of action, or be forever waived and barred.
Termination. The Agreement may be terminated by either Party, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any reason (with or without cause), with or without notice. If the Agreement is terminated, you agree to cease all Site Use and, upon request by Hitachi ID, to return all Information in your possession relating to the Site, and all copies thereof.
Survival of Certain Provisions. The provisions of the sections titled "License Grant & Exclusive Ownership by Hitachi" (sub-section "b." only), "Restrictions on Use", "Warranty and Disclaimer", "Limited Applicability, Cooperation & Indemnity", "Your Site Use Activities", "Submissions of Information by You", "Miscellaneous" (only sub-sections "Transaction Location, Governing Law, Jurisdiction & Venue", "Disputes & Attorneys' Fees", "Severability", "Limitations Period", and "Termination") shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement. No expiration or termination of this Agreement shall release you from any obligation to pay Hitachi ID any amount that has accrued and become payable at or prior to the date of expiration or termination.
Assignment; Transfer. You shall not assign or transfer any interest in this Agreement, whether by merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise without the prior written consent of an authorized executive officer of Hitachi ID.
Waiver. No delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy accruing to Hitachi upon any breach or default by you shall impair that right or remedy, or be construed to be a waiver of any breach or default, unless contained in an express writing executed by an authorized officer of Hitachi ID.
Headings. All article or section headings, or exhibit names, are for reference and convenience only and shall not be considered in the interpretation of the Agreement.
No Agency. You and Hitachi are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
Conflicts. If this Agreement conflicts with a provision of any other contract between you and Hitachi ID relating to the Site, the provision in such other Agreement shall govern.
12. GLOSSARY
The following terms, when used in this Agreement, shall have the following meanings.
"Agreement". The term "Agreement" means this Terms of Use contract, including each and every term and condition of the Terms of Use.
"Content". The term "Content" means all Information, data, or other material, in any form or media, contained in, obtained from, or relating to the Site, including all results obtained from the Site.
"Content Providers". The term "Content Providers" means both Hitachi and Other Providers.
"Including", "includes", "include" . The phrases "including", "includes", and "include", wherever used in the Agreement, means " including, but not limited to".
"Information". The phrase "Information" includes all data, information, documents, files, personally-identifying information, and software disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the Site or your Site Use.
"Linked-Site". A "Linked-Site" means any internet site (including all information, data, and content thereon) that is linked to the Site, but not owned by Hitachi ID.
"Notice". The phrase "Notice" refers to the sending of Information by you to Hitachi ID via certified mail, return receipt requested, to Hitachi ID at: Hitachi ID Systems, Inc., ATTN: Hitachi ID Systems, Inc. 500, 1401 - 1st Street S.E. Calgary, Alberta, Canada, T2G 2J3. Any such notice shall be deemed given 48 hours after such Notice is sent.
"Other Providers". The terms "Other Providers" means Hitachi ID' direct or indirect licensors, its affiliates, Hitachi Ltd., or other contributors to the Site (other than Hitachi ID).
"Parties". The term "Parties" refers to Hitachi ID and you, collectively.
"Privacy Policy". The phrase "Privacy Policy" refers to Hitachi ID' official published privacy policy, if any, describing Hitachi ID' intended uses of your personally identifiable Information.
"Revised Agreement". If the Agreement is modified in accordance with the section titled "Modifications", for convenience in distinguishing the original Agreement from the modified Agreement, the modified Agreement may be referred to as the "Revised Agreement".
"Site". The term "Site" means any Hitachi ID internet site, page (and all sub-pages), uniform resource locator ("URL"), domain location, and all Information and Content thereon.
"Site Use". The term "Site Use" means your use of or access to the Site (or any Content thereon), as well as any other activities in which you engage relating to the Site.
©
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
Copyright in these documents published on this Site is owned by
Hitachi, Ltd. or Hitachi ID Systems.
Copyright to some individual images contained within the portion of the Site may belong to others.
Hitachi ID Systems authorizes you to reproduce the documents for non-commercial use by you or within your organization only, provided that the above copyright notice appears on each and all copies, documentation and other materials related to any use of these documents.
Hitachi ID Systems specifically retains all rights, including copyright, which it may have in data, files and/or images, text and the media they contain.
Commercial publications, copying or redistribution of Hitachi ID Systems documents in any manner for personal or corporate gain is prohibited without prior written permission.
Any product, service, program or technology described in any document
by Hitachi ID Systems on this site may be the subject of other intellectual property rights owned by Hitachi ID Systems or others.
Any such right that is not expressly licensed hereunder is reserved by Hitachi ID Systems or Hitachi, Ltd. and/or the owner of such right.
Use of this site signifies your agreement to the
Terms of Use. All other
marks, symbols and trademarks are the property of their respective
owners.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the
bottom of our emails.
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc. | 1401 - 1st Street S.E. Suite 500 | Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2G 2J3
https://hitachi-id.com | 1.403.233.0740
Quick Links
Start free trial
Download free, full-featured, time-expired evaluation software.
Savings calculator
Find out how much Hitachi ID Bravura can save your organization.
Please call me
Get more information about our solutions and services.
Request demo
Take a guided personalized tour with our IAM experts.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Hitachi ID Systems LinkedIn page
Hitachi ID Systems Facebook page
Hitachi ID Systems Twitter page
Hitachi ID Systems YouTube page
©
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc.