http://mtechit.com/privacy.html
Français
Sitemap
Contact Us
Hitachi ID Systems
Home
Solutions
Industry
Education
Finance
IAM as a Service
Products
Hitachi ID Bravura Security Fabric
Hitachi ID Bravura Discover
Hitachi ID Bravura Group
Hitachi ID Bravura Identity
Solutions
Group Management
Slow Onboarding
Unreliable Deactivation
Complex Access Requests
Obsolete Access Rights
Policy Violations
Costly Audits
No Accountability for Changes
Costly Security Administration
Features
Group Lifecycle Management
Peer Groups
Automated Onboarding and Deactivation
Access Request Portal
Self-service Profile Updates
Delegated Access Administration
Robust Approvals Process
Access Reviews and Remediation
Segregation of Duties Policy Enforcement
Role-based Access Control
Risk Scores
History of Requests and Entitlements
Find Orphan and Dormant Accounts
Actionable Analytics
Screen Shots and Video
Videos
Concept Animations
Screen Shots
Benefits
Faster SLA to Grant Access
Complete and Reliable Deactivation
Link Access Rights to Business Context
Prevent Fraud and Minimize Risk
Compliance with Regulations
Empower Auditors to Answer Their Own Queries
Technology
Components and Policy Tables to Customize IAM Processes
Auto-discovery of Identities and Entitlements
Relationship-based Access Controls
Privacy Protection
Implementers Workflow
Intercept 'Access Denied' Dialogs
Compare User Entitlements
Automated and Self-service ID Mapping
Robust Workflow for Human Stake-holders
Role Mining and Entitlement Analytics
Reports, Dashboards and Analytics
Library
Hitachi ID Bravura Pass
Solutions
Too Many Passwords
Users Locked Out of Their PCs
High IT Support Call Volume
Weak Authentication into SaaS Apps
Uneven Support Call Volume
Weak Passwords
Off-hours IT Support
Too Many Privileged Users
Features
Password Synchronization
Transparent Password Synchronization
Web Browser Password Synchronization
Self-service Password Reset
Self-service, Anywhere
Managed User Enrollment
Unlock PC with Drive Encryption
Federated Access
Password Policy Enforcement
Password Expiration
Personal Password Vault
Assisted Password Reset
Telephone Access to Self-service
RSA SecurID Token Management
Smart Card PIN Reset
Download Contacts to Mobile Phone
Reports and Analytics
Screen Shots and Video
Videos
Concept Animations
Screen Shots
Benefits
Stronger Security
Lower IT Support Cost
Improved User Service
Technology
Target System Connectors
Other Integrations
Flexible Authentication
Send E-mails
Ticket Integration
Embed in Web Portals
Telephony (IVR)
Access to Self-service
Help Locked Out Users
Self-service for Off-site Users
Map User IDs
Bravura Pass Scalability
Telephone Access
Bravura Pass Language Support
On-premises Runtime Requirements
Library
Hitachi ID Bravura Privilege
Solutions
Static Passwords
Secure Credential Storage
Administrator Accountability
Reliable Authentication
Pre-authorized Access
One-time Access
Stop Disclosing Passwords
Forensic Audits
Scaling Up
Secure Windows Service Accounts
Secure Embedded Accounts
Features
Randomize Privileged Account Passwords
Flexible Access Disclosure Mechanisms
Direct Connection
VDI Proxy
Web Proxy
Account Sets
Group Sets
Temporary SSH Trust
Secure Credential Vault
Policy to Control Access
Risk Scoring Access Requests
Session Recording
SSH Key Management
Secure and Monitor Vendor Access
Change Windows Service Account Passwords
Secure Application-to-Application Passwords
Reports, Dashboards and Analytics
Screen Shots and Video
Videos
Concept Animations
Screen Shots
Benefits
Risk Management
Workforce Flexibility
Technology
Network Architecture
Rendering SSH and RDP Sessions in a Browser
Network Path to Managed Systems
Emergency Access
Included Connectors
Infrastructure Auto-discovery
Bravura Pass Scalability
Granular Access Control
Privacy Protection
Authenticating Applications
Segregation of Duties
Flag Unusual Requests
Library
Hitachi ID Mobile Access
Suite 11.0
Suite 11.1
Start Free Trial
Services
Solution Delivery
Methodology
Education
Partner Training Courses
Partner Training Courses Detailed Steps
Customer Training Courses
Customer Training Courses Detailed Steps
AWS Virtual Machine Contents and Environment
Administrator Required Skills
Hitachi ID Bravura Identity
Hitachi ID Bravura Pass
Hitachi ID Bravura Privilege
Upgrades
AdMax Program
Managed IAM
Technology
Network Architecture
SaaS Network Architecture
Active-Active Network Architecture
On-premises Runtime Requirements
100+ Included Connectors
Active Directory
LDAP Directories
SaaS Applications
SAP ECC, HCM, GRC and HANA
Oracle eBusiness Suite, PeopleSoft and JD Edwards
Z/OS with RAC/F, ACF/2 or TopSecret
iSeries (AS/400)
Databases
Drive Encryption
RSA SecurID
Service Catalog / Ticketing Systems
Mobile App and Access from BYOD
Web Services and APIs
Localization
2FA for Everyone
Library
Documents
Savings Calculator
Independent Reviews
Certifications
Support
Support for Older Releases
Portal Login
Company
News & Events
Upcoming Events
Press Releases
Press Coverage
Archived Webinars
Customers
North America Customers
Europe Customers
South Pacific Customers
Customer Referral
Customer Portal
Partners
All Partners
Partner Portal Login
New Partner Sign-up
Opportunity Registration
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
Case Studies
Free Trial
Request Demo
Privacy Policy
What data Hitachi ID Systems collects, how this data is used and how visitor privacy is protected.
Privacy Notice
Last updated: May 23, 2018
This is the privacy notice of Hitachi ID Systems, Inc., referred to in this document as "HIDS", "we",
"our", or "us". We are a company registered in Alberta, Canada. Our offices are at 1401-1st Street
SE, Calgary. T2J2G3, Alberta, Canada.
A. INTRODUCTION
This notice serves to inform you of our policy governing the information that we record about
you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect about
you, or that you provide to us. It covers all information, including information that relates to you,
which identifies you or allows you to be identified ("Personal Information").
In the context of this notice, "process" means the collection, storage, transfer, use, or any other
action or operation which is performed on Personal Information.
It is our policy to process your Personal Information only when it is necessary, and only in
relation to your business relationship with us.
We are committed to the protection of your privacy. You are entitled to know that your
Personal Information will only be processed for the purposes for which it is collected and
will not be used for any other purpose.
In the event that you disagree with anything in this notice, your only recourse is to not
use this website. By using our website, and by providing Personal Information to us using
this website, you indicate your consent to our processing of your information, including
Personal Information, as described in this privacy notice.
If you are a resident of the EU, we are required under the EU General Data Protection
Regulation ("GDPR") to inform you of your rights and our obligations regarding the
processing and control of your Personal Information. We do so by asking that you visit
http://www.knowyourprivacyrights.org/ and read
the information provided there.
Except as listed in this privacy notice, we do not share or otherwise disclose any of your
Personal Information to any third parties.
B. THE LAWFUL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
1. Information that we process based on your consent:
When you use our website, whether or not you ask us to provide you with further information
about our products and services or register to gain access to certain areas of our website, you
agree to our Website Terms of Use and consent to us processing information that may be
Personal Information.
Wherever technically possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process your Personal
Information for the particular purpose for which it is collected; for example, we will ask you to
agree to our use of cookies. In some cases, however, you may be providing implicit consent; for
example, when you send us an email to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Unless you have consented to our use of your Personal Information for a specific purpose, we
will not use your information in a way that may identify you personally. We may aggregate
information in a general way and use it to analyze performance and usage trends relating to the
website.
We will continue to process your Personal Information on this basis until you withdraw your
consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by informing us of your decision to do so,
at privacy@Hitachi-ID.com.
2. Information that we process for the purposes of legitimate interests
We may process information on the basis that a legitimate interest exists. When we process your
information on this basis, we do so after carefully considering (i) whether the same objective can
be achieved through other means; (ii) whether processing, or not processing, may cause you
harm; (iii) whether you would reasonably expect us to process your information.
For example, we may process your information for the purpose of responding to communication
from you to which we believe you would expect a response; or, we may process your information
for the purpose of protecting and asserting legal rights.
You may object to our use of your Personal Information on this basis by informing us at
privacy@Hitachi-ID.com.
3. Information we process because we have a legal obligation to do so
When required in order to comply with our legal obligations, we may process your information,
including your Personal Information. This may include the disclosure of your Personal
Information to the relevant authorities when they have the appropriate legal authorization to
request it.
4. Information we process through automated means when you visit our website
i. Cookies
Cookies are text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when
you visit our website. They allow information gathered on a web page to be used for the purpose
of providing you with a personalized experience, and providing us with statistical information
about how you use the website.
Some cookies expire after a defined period of time, such as one day or when you close your
browser; others do not. Your web browser should allow you to delete any cookies you choose,
or prevent or limit their use. To read more on cookies visit
https://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our website uses cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our own web servers, or
software operated by third-parties whose services we use. When you first visit our website, we
ask you whether you consent to our use of cookies. If you choose not to accept them, we will not
use them for any purpose other than to indicate that you have not consented to their use.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To track how you use our website;
To determine whether you have seen specific information we display on our website
To enable you to register and request information about our products and services,
including whitepapers and market research information.
ii. Personal identifiers from your browsing activity
All requests made by your web browser to our web servers, for web pages and other content,
are recorded. We record information such as your geographical location, your internet service
provider and your IP address. We also record information about the device and software you use
to browse our website.
We use this information in aggregate, to optimize our website and improve the information we
provide on the website. When combined with other information, this information could be used
to identify you personally, even if you did not register with us or requested additional information
about our products or services.
5. General
If a basis on which we process your Personal Information ceases to exist or is no longer relevant
to the purpose for which the Personal Information was originally collected, we will immediately
stop processing the relevant Personal Information.
6. Retention period for Personal Information
We do not retain all of the Personal Information that we receive. The Personal Information you
provide will be kept as long as it is required by us to satisfy legitimate business purposes or until
you request that we delete it by written request to privacy@Hitachi-ID.com, unless such Personal
Information is required to be retained in order to comply with legal requirements.
C. THIRD PARTY TOOLS
We may use third-party tools, such as Google Analytics or Salesforce Pardot, to process Personal
Information about you:
1. Salesforce Pardot
Pardot is a web marketing automation tool. We use Pardot to collect and store your information,
including Personal Information, when you communicate with us through our website, for
example, when you complete a form to request additional information on our products or
services. You can find Salesforce's privacy policy here.
2. Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google Analytics stores
information such as IP addresses, operating system, web browser, and pages visited. Also
collected is information about demographics of the visitor, the device and software used, and
the geographical location from which the visit originated. You can find Google's privacy policy here.
D. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not share or otherwise disclose your Personal Information with any third-parties, unless
(i) it is expressly stated in this privacy notice, or (ii) we have asked for your express consent to do
so, or (iii) we are required to do so by law, regulation, order of a court of competent jurisdiction,
or a legitimate request of a government authority, or (iv) to protect the integrity of our products
and services, ourselves, other customers, or the general public from harm or illegal activities, or
(v) to assert or enforce our rights under any agreement or policy.
E. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
The provision of our services, including our response to your requests for additional information
about our products or services, requires the international transfer of data. In order to fulfill our
obligations to you, or to respond to your requests for additional information about our products
or services, we may transfer, process and store your information, including your Personal
Information, to and from any country in which we operate. Such countries include, without
limitation, Canada, Japan, USA, UK, the Netherlands, Poland and Australia. For example,
Information collected in the EU may be transferred to, and processed in, a country outside the
EU which may not provide the same level of protection for Personal Information. By using our
website, you consent to such transfer of your information, including your Personal Information.
F. COMMUNICATIONS AND NOTIFICATIONS
When you contact us, whether by phone, through our website or by email, we collect the
information you provide, including any Personal Information, in order to reply to you with the
correct information. We record your request and our reply in order to improve our efficiency and
the quality of our responses. We keep personally identifiable information associated with your
request, such as your name, telephone number, email address, to enable us to track our
communications with you.
We may contact you from time to time to keep you up to date with current information about
our products or services. In such cases, we will include in our communication instructions on how
to stop receiving similar communication from us, should you choose to do so.
G. USE BY MINORS
We understand the importance of protecting children's privacy in an online environment. It is
our policy to not knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 18.
H. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Depending on the laws of your country of residence, you may have the right to view, update or
correct Personal Information we hold about you, or to receive notification of changes in the use
of your Personal Information. If you wish to do so, please email us at privacy@Hitachi-ID.com.
We will take reasonable steps to rectify or make anonymous your Personal Information that is
inaccurate or incomplete, or delete your Personal Information, at your written request to
privacy@Hitachi-ID.com.
When Personal Information is retained, we will make all reasonable efforts to maintain the
accuracy of your Personal Information. However, we do not assume responsibility for verifying
the information you submit. When practicable and possible, if we are informed that any Personal
Information that we have collected about you is no longer accurate, we will make appropriate
corrections based on the updated information provided. Queries in this regard should be directed
by email to privacy@Hitachi-ID.com.
We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to first verify your identity prior to responding to
any such requests and granting you access to your Personal Information, or taking any action
relating to it.
I. CONTACT, INQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS
If you would like to contact us with inquiries or complaints relating to this privacy notice, please
contact us at privacy@Hitachi-ID.com, or at
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc.
500, 1401 - 1st Street SE
Calgary, AB T2G 2J3 Canada
Attention: Privacy Officer
1.403.233.0740 ext 241
J. MODIFICATIONS
We may modify this privacy notice from time to time. To ensure that you are kept informed of
the changes, we invite you to check this privacy notice periodically and note that "last updated"
date at the top of this document. Your continued use of our website after such changes
constitutes your acceptance of our revised privacy notice.
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the
bottom of our emails.
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc. | 1401 - 1st Street S.E. Suite 500 | Calgary, Alberta, Canada T2G 2J3
https://hitachi-id.com | 1.403.233.0740
Quick Links
Start free trial
Download free, full-featured, time-expired evaluation software.
Savings calculator
Find out how much Hitachi ID Bravura can save your organization.
Please call me
Get more information about our solutions and services.
Request demo
Take a guided personalized tour with our IAM experts.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Hitachi ID Systems LinkedIn page
Hitachi ID Systems Facebook page
Hitachi ID Systems Twitter page
Hitachi ID Systems YouTube page
©
Hitachi ID Systems, Inc.