https://multiq.com/cookie-policy/
CONTACT
Our offices
Support
Returns & repairs
ABOUT US
Who we are
Event
Customers
Join us
NEWS
INVESTORS (SWE)
Aktieinformation
Finansiella rapporter
Pressreleaser
Bolagsstyrning
Kalender
Kontakt
LOG IN
English
Norwegian
Swedish
English
Cookie policy
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.
We use cookies and, as we respect your privacy, you may choose not to allow certain types of cookies. However, blocking certain types of cookies may affect your experience of the site and the services we may offer.
Why do we use Cookies
Cookies that send information about users to us, we use primarily for two purposes:
For web analytics. For example, to get information about how visitors interact with the site.
To improve customer experience. For example, to create personalized offers, remember what’s in the cart and enable different services and features.
Necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for the site to work. They are usually only answered in response to actions made by you, which constitute a request for services, such as setting your personal preferences, signing in, or filling out forms. If you block all cookies some of our site may not work properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve performance on our site. They help us know which pages and products are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.
La oss ta en prat
Kontakt oss
Hvordan jobber viKundeopplevelserIntern kommunikasjonTransport løsningerSkjermer
Kontakt
SalgSupportReparasjoner & Service
Gå til
Investors Privacy policy Cookie policy
Følg oss på: