https://multip.ly/privacy/
Multiply, LLC Privacy Policy
Download as PDF
General
Thank you for being part of the One Eleven community. One Eleven
is the name that we use to brand our company’s
services. Our company is Multiply, LLC (“Multiply”,
“We”, “Our”,
“Us”), which is the legal entity that delivers and is
responsible for all of Our services. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”)
applies to anyone (“You”,
“Your”, “User”, “Customer”,
or “Customers”) who uses Our Services (“Our Services”). This
includes visitors to Our websites (including, but not
limited to multip.ly, oneelevendigital.com, icglink.com. icglink.net, build111.com, church111.com, and sitemason.com, hereinafter referred to as “Our Sites”). If you use Our Services
to host a website, application or email, Your users, customers, site
visitors, email address owners and email recipients will be referred to as End
Users (“End Users”) in this Privacy Policy.
We respect Your privacy, are committed to
protecting it, and want You to be informed about the ways We protect, use, and
share the information that We collect. This Privacy Policy is a part of Our
Terms of Service (“Terms of Service”) and is intended to provide You with Our
policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the
information that We receive from You when You visit Our Sites and/or use Our
Services. This includes information that You provide to us through email,
telephone calls and voicemail messages, faxes and support ticketing portals as
well as information that may involve Your End Users.
When You use Our Services or visit Our Sites, You
consent to the collection, storage, use, disclosure and other uses of Your
Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect information in order to provide Our
Services in accordance with Our best understanding of the standards of the
industries with which We identify. Our Sites and Our Services must function in
ways that provide You with a benefit when You engage with Us. We believe that a
successful engagement can only occur when We successfully process information,
some of which may potentially allow Your identification (“Personal
Information”). Collection of Your Personal Information is necessary in order to
adequately administer Our Sites, deliver Our Services, protect Our interests,
and to comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
How We Collect Personal Information
We receive Your Personal Information in various
ways:
•    When You voluntarily and directly provide us with Your personal
details (such as name, email, phone number, and address) in order to establish
an Account via telephone, email, submitted online form, or written
documentation.
•    When You pay Us by providing us with credit card information, a
check, or banking information.
•    When You use or access Our
Sites and/or Our Services and We automatically record it with
technologies such as cookies (see below).
•    When third party providers, such as traffic and usage analytics
vendors, hosting or technical services businesses, public registers and
directories, phone attendant services, consultants, contractors, payment
processors, affiliate sales partners, and other industry participants engaged
in the mining and curating of data supply Your Personal Information to Us.
What Types of Information We Collect
Personal Information that You Voluntarily
Provide
In order for You to be able to use Our
Services, We ask You to provide Your name, email address, phone number, and
mailing address in order to create and manage Your Account. We maintain and
preserve emails and other communications that You send Us or otherwise
contribute, such as customer support tickets or inquiries to Our staff. You
might also provide Us with information in other ways, such as responding to
surveys, submitting a form, or participating in forums, educational webinars or
conferences.
When You pay Us for Our Services, You may
provide Us with credit/debit card information or bank account details.
Sometimes We require You to provide Us with
information for contractual or legal reasons. For example, when You register or
transfer a domain name through Our Services in order to comply with ICANN,
registry, country code top-level domain (“ccTLD “), or
registrar policies, We collect Your
domain registration information.
If Personal Information is required, We will
inform You of that as well as the consequences of failing to provide it. If You
do not provide Personal Information
when requested, You may not be able to use Our Services if it is necessary to
provide Our Services or if We are legally required to collect it.
Personal Information that We Automatically
Record
When You visit Our Sites or use Our Services, We collect information about Your
activity on and interaction with Us, such as: Your IP address(es); Your device
and browser type; the web page You visited before visiting Our Sites;
which web pages on Our Sites You
visit and for how long; and identifiers associated with Your devices. If You
have given permission through Your device settings, We may collect Your location information. The collection
process for information that We automatically record often relies on Our use of
cookies, about which We offer more detailed information below.
How We Use
Cookies
We use “Cookies” to
collect information. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and
stored on the website visitor’s computer by the web browser while the visitor
is browsing websites. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for
websites to information (such as items added in the shopping cart of an online
store) or to record the browsing activity (including clicking particular
buttons, logging in, or recording which pages were visited in the past).
Cookies serve a variety of functions, like enabling Us to retain certain information You provide to Us as You
navigate between pages on the Services. We use cookies on Our Sites for the
following purposes:
•
Authentication, Customization, Security and Other
Functional Cookies. Cookies help Us verify Your Account and device and
determine when You are logged in, so We can make it easier for You to access
Our Sites and Our Services and provide the appropriate experiences and
features. We also use cookies to help prevent fraudulent use of login
credentials and to remember choices that You have made on Our Services.
•
Performance And Analytics. Cookies help Us
analyze how the Services are being accessed and used, and enable Us to track
performance of the Services. For example, We use cookies to determine if You
viewed a page or opened an email. This helps Us provide You with information
that You may find helpful or interesting.
•
Third Parties. Third Party Services may use
cookies to help You sign into their services from Our Services. Any such third
party cookie usage is governed by the policy of the third party placing the
cookie.
•
Ads. For some of Our
Services, We partner with third party publishers, advertising networks, and
service providers to manage Our ads on other sites. Our third party partners
may set cookies on Your device or browser to gather information about Your
activities on Our Services and other sites you visit, in order to display Our ads to you. For example, if You visit
oneelevendigital.com and also use a social media platform, You may see a One
Eleven Digital ad in your social media newsfeed or timeline.
Opting Out and
Removing Cookies. You can set Your browser or mobile device to not accept
cookies, but this may limit  or prevent Your ability to use Our Services. We
currently don’t
respond to “Do Not Track” signals from browsers visiting Our Services. You can
also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from certain ad networks at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 (or if located in the European
Union, at https://www.youronlinechoices.eu). You can delete any existing cookies at any time. However, if You
delete or disable cookies from Our Sites
or Our Services, some parts or functions of Our Sites or Our Services may not work properly or at all.
Device Identifiers.
We use device identifiers on Our Sites and Our Services  to track, analyze and
improve their performance.
Third Party Tags.
We use and manage third party tags on Our Sites and Our Services. Third party
tags may take the form of pixels or tracking snippets. We use pixels to learn
how You interact with Our Sites
and emails. This information helps Us provide You with a better experience. We
use tracking snippets to capture data from Your web browser, make requests to a third party partner, or set
cookies on Your device to store data. For example, if You see a One Eleven ad
on a social media platform and choose to use Our Services, We may use a tag to
reduce the number of One Eleven ads
that You see on that particular platform. We use Google Tag Manager to manage
Our third party tag usage. This may cause other tags to be activated which may,
for their part, collect data and set cookies under certain circumstances.
Google Tag Manager does not store this data.
We also get information about Your End Users’
interactions. We use this data to evaluate, provide, protect, or improve Our
Services. Some of this information is collected automatically when Your End
Users send or receive email, or via the use of cookies and similar
technologies. For example, if You subscribe to Our BUILD, BuildOneEleven, or
CongregationOneEleven services, You may enable or disable tracking and site
cookies. When allowed or enabled in Our Services, You can control what cookies
and similar technologies are used, except those We must use to properly provide
Our Services, such as performance or security related reasons.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Provision of Our Services. We will
create and manage your Account, provide and personalize Our Services, register
or transfer Your domain names, process payments and respond to Your inquiries.
Communicating. We will communicate with
you via email, phone, US Postal Service, and/or Our support portal. We will
send You emails about or related to: surveys; invoices; statements; payments
and receipts; other transactional matters; and service-related announcements.
Security. We will constantly endeavor to
improve the security and integrity of Our Services.
Enforcement. We will
enforce Our Terms of Service and
other policies.
Compliance. We will comply
with applicable legal requirements, such as tax and other government
regulations and industry standards, contracts and law enforcement requests.
Customizing Our Services. We may provide
You with customized services. For example, we use Your location information to
display accurate date and time information. We also use cookies and similar
technologies for this purpose.
Improving Our Services. We will analyze
and learn about how Our Services are accessed and used, evaluate, and improve
Our Services.
Protection. We will
protect Our interests, rights and
property as well as the interests rights, and property of Our Customers.
Promotion. We will promote Our Services and send You marketing
communications about Our products, services, offers, programs, and promotions
and Our partners. We may send different
marketing communications to You based on which of Our Services You have or what
We think may interest You based on other information We have about You.
Advertising. We will analyze Your
interactions with Our Sites, Our Services, and third party services so We can
customize Our advertising based on what We think will interest you.
Third party relationships. We will manage Our vendor and partner relationships.
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
Internal concerned parties -  We share your
Personal Information with Our employees in order to provide you with Our Services.
Business partners - we share your Personal
Information with business partners who help us provide You with Our service.
This includes:
Service Providers - We
may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate Our Services, to
provide Our Services on Our behalf, to assist Us in analyzing how Our Services are
used, and to perform tasks related to the administration or maintenance of Our Services or Our Sites (including, without limitation,
cloud-based hosting; coding and database management; billing; provisioning;
domain registration management;  payment processing; analytics; phone service).
These third parties may have access to Your Personal Information so that they
may perform these tasks on Our behalf.
They are obligated to comply with this Privacy Policy and may not use Your
Personal Information for any other purpose.
Affiliates and
Partners - We may provide Your Personal Information to Our affiliates or
partners, if: (a) You have a relationship with that affiliate or partner either
online or off-line; (b) You have visited the affiliate or partner's web site
that links to or mentions Our Sites;
or (c) if You have registered for Our Services through the partner or affiliate’s program or web site.
Marketing Partners – We may share Your Personal
Information for communicating targeted advertising and promotional materials.
Government and Law Enforcement Entities - We may cooperate with government and law enforcement
officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may
disclose any information about You to government or law enforcement officials
or private parties if We, in Our
sole discretion, believe that it is necessary or appropriate to respond to
claims and legal processes (including but not limited to subpoenas); to protect
Our or a third party's property and rights; to protect the safety of the public
or any person; or to prevent or stop any activity that We may consider to be,
or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate, or legally
actionable. We also may be required to disclose Your Personal Information in
response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national
security or law enforcement requirements.
Your Rights
Where applicable law requires (and subject to
any relevant exceptions under law), You may have the right to access, update,
change or delete Your Personal Information.
You can access, update, change or delete
personal information, or that of Your End Users when applicable, either
directly in Your Account or by contacting us at support@oneelevendigital.com to request the required changes. You can exercise Your other rights
(including deleting your Account) by contacting Us at the same email address. Please
note that We may need to verify Your identity in connection with Your request(s),
and such verification process may, if You do not have access to Your Account,
require You to provide us with additional information. Even if You have access
to your Account, We may request additional information if We believe that it is
necessary to adequately verify Your
identity. If We are unable to adequately verify Your identity or request, We
may not, in accordance with applicable law, be able to fulfill Your request.
You can also elect not to receive marketing
communications by changing Your preferences in Your Account, by contacting Us
at support@oneelevendigital.com or by following the unsubscribe instructions in
such communications. Please note that there may be a delay in deleting Your Personal Information from Our systems when You submit such a
request. We may also retain Personal
Information in order to comply with the law, protect our and others’ rights, resolve
disputes or enforce Our terms or policies, to the extent permitted under
applicable law.
You may have the right to restrict or object to
the processing of Your Personal Information or to exercise a right
to data portability under applicable law. You also may have the right to lodge
a complaint with a competent supervisory authority, subject to applicable law.
European Union General Data Protection
Regulation (“GDPR”)
You acknowledge (a) that You are accessing Our
Services which are based in the United States, (b) that You are providing
Personal Information to a United States company, and (c) that We must adhere to
laws of the United States. You agree that Personal Information collected
through Our Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any
other country in which Multiply, its affiliates, partners, service providers,
or agents maintain facilities, and while in such jurisdictions may be subject
to access pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions. If You are a resident of
the European Union, You may have certain rights under the General Data
Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). If You wish to receive Your personally
identifiable information from Us, We will provide such information to You in a
structured, commonly used format, and You have the right to transmit such
personally identifying information without hindrance from Us.
Multiply is the data controller for processing
of Personal Information under
applicable data protection laws.
We process Personal Information for the purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy. Our legal basis to process Personal Information includes processing that is: necessary
to provide You with Our Services and to identify and authenticate You so that
You may use Our Services and visit
Our Sites; necessary to comply with legal requirements; necessary for Our
legitimate interests; and based on Your consent, which may be withdrawn at any
time by contacting Us, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on
consent before its withdrawal.
In addition to the rights to access, amend, or
delete Your Personal Information as set out above, You
may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to object to or request the
restriction of processing of Your Personal Information, and to request
portability of Your own Personal Information.
Requests should be submitted by emailing us at support@oneelevendigital.com.
If You believe that Our processing of Your Personal Information infringes applicable law, you may lodge
a complaint with a supervisory authority, which may be the authority in Your
Member State of residence or work.
If We rely on consent for the processing of Your Personal information, You have the right to
withdraw it at any time. If You do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of
the processing before Your consent withdrawal. If You withdraw consent or You
ask Us to delete some or all of Your Personal
Information, You may no longer be
able to access or use Our Services and We may have to terminate Your Account.
Our Privacy Policy explains how You can
manage cookies and similar technologies.
If you are an End User, you should contact Our
Customer to exercise your rights with respect to any information that Our
Customer holds.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
("CCPA")
This section is only applicable to You if You
are a resident of the state of California in the USA (“California Residents”) and only applies to Personal Information for which Multiply is
a “Business”
(as defined in the CCPA), but does not apply to Personal Information
that We collect from You in the course of our provision of services to You
where you are an employee, owner, director, officer or contractor of a company,
partnership, sole proprietorship, non-profit or government agency. It applies
to Personal Information that We collect from California
Residents on or through Our Services and through other means (such as
information collected offline or in person).
Categories, business and
commercial purposes, sources and third parties
California law
requires that We disclose certain information regarding the Personal Information that We
collect. The following is a list of all categories of Personal Information that We
collect, or have collected, from California Residents, in the twelve
(12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy:
•
Identifiers: Name, alias, postal address, unique
personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email
address, account name, or other similar identifiers
•
Customer records information: Name, signature, address,
telephone number, bank account number, credit or debit card number, other
financial information
•
Characteristics of protected classifications under
California or federal law: Race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity,
gender expression, age
•
Commercial information: Records of personal property,
products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
consuming histories or tendencies
•
Biometric information: None
•
Internet or other electronic network activity
information: Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a
consumer’s
interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement
•
Geolocation data
•
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or
similar information: None
•
Professional or employment-related information
•
Education information: None
•
Inferences: preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, aptitudes
•
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably
associated with you.
We collect Personal Information directly from You
(either directly or through a Third Party Service), automatically through Your
use of Our Services, and from third parties such as business partners, service
providers, and payment processors.
We collect Personal Information for the following
business purposes: (a) providing the Services (such as maintaining Your account, and processing orders; (b)
providing customer support for Our Services; (c) operating Our Services
(including without limitation managing third party relationships and enabling
usage of Our service providers); (d) communicating with You; (e) customizing
Our Services; (f) securing and protecting Our Services (including auditing Our
Services, bug and fraud detection, debugging and repair of errors and the
detection, protection and prosecution of security incidents or illegal activity);
(g) enforcing Our terms and policies; (h) complying with law; (i) verifying
Your identity; and (x) other business purposes about which We may notify You
from time to time.
We collect Personal Information for uses that advance
Our business or economic
interests such as: (a) promoting and advertising Our Services; (b) customizing
Our Services; (c) improving Our Services; (d) communicating with You about
offers from third parties; and (e) other commercial purposes about which We may
notify You from time to time.
Your requests
Subject to certain
exceptions and restrictions, the CCPA provides California Residents the right
to submit requests to a business which has collected their Personal Information: (a) to provide them
with access to the specific pieces and categories of personal information
collected by the business about such California Residents, the categories of
sources for such information, the business or commercial purposes for
collecting such information, and the categories of third parties with which
such information was shared; and (b) to delete such Personal Information. We need certain types of information
so that we can provide Our Services to You. If You ask Us to delete some or all
of Your Personal Information, You may no longer be able to access
or use Our Services and We may have to terminate Your Account.
If You are a
California Resident, please follow the instructions in the “Your Rights” section
above to submit California Requests and please make sure You note that You are
a California Resident when You do so. California Residents may designate an
authorized agent to make California Requests on their behalf. In order to
designate an authorized agent to make a California Request on Your behalf, You
or Your agent must provide proof that the agent has been authorized by You to
act on Your behalf, such as written authorization signed by You authorizing
that agent to act on Your behalf. We reserve the right to request additional
information from You and/or individuals purporting to be authorized agents,
such as when we suspect fraud.
“Do not sell my personal
information”
If You are a California resident, You may opt out of the
"sale" of Your Personal Information.
The CCPA broadly defines "sale" in a way that may include allowing
third parties to receive certain information such as cookie identifiers, IP
addresses and/or browsing behavior to add to a profile about Your device,
browser or You. Such profiles may enable delivery of interest-based advertising
third parties within their platform or on other sites.
Depending on how You
use Our Services, We may share the
following categories of information for such interest-based advertising which
may be considered a sale (as defined by the CCPA): identification and
demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address and unique
advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as
browsing history or app usage; and inference data (preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, aptitudes)
If You would like to
opt out of Our use of Your information for such purposes (to the extent this is
considered a sale), you may do so by contacting us at support@oneelevendigital.com.
We will not
discriminate against You
You also have the
right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for
exercising certain of Your rights. We do not discriminate against California
Residents for exercising their rights.
End User Personal Information
If You have created a website or email account
through Our Services, You are responsible for what You do with the personal
information that You collect, directly or through Our Services, about their End
Users.
Your relationship with End Users
By using Our Services,
You may collect personal information about Your End Users. For example, You may
ask your End Users to provide their name, address, email address and payment
information. You may also use cookies and similar technologies to analyze usage
and other trends.
You are solely
responsible for complying with any laws and regulations that apply to Your
collection and use of Your End Users’ information, including personal
information that You collect about them.
You must publish Your
own privacy and cookie policies and comply with them.
We
are not liable for Your relationship with Your End Users or how You collect and
use personal information about End Users, even if You collect it from Us or use
Our Services to collect such information. We are not able to provide You with
any legal advice regarding such matters and recommend that You consult Your own
legal counsel about such matters.
End User Payment Information
Your End Users’ payment information may
be processed via third party payment processors with which You integrate your
Account, in accordance with such processors’ terms and policies. We
transmit Your End Users’
complete payment information when they initially provide or update it
only so that We can pass it along to the processor that you agree to use. We do
not collect or store Your End Users’ payment information.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will update Our Privacy
Policy from time to time to reflect changes in technology, law, Our operations
or any other reason We determine is necessary or appropriate. When We make
changes, we’ll
update the “Effective
Date” at the top of Our Privacy Policy and post it on Our Sites. If We make material changes to it or the ways we
process Personal Information, We will notify You by posting a
notice of the changes on Our Sites
before they take effect or We will send
a notice to You directly.