https://mybbsi.com/privacy-policy/
Business Prosperity through People, Process, and Profitability.
Payroll, workers’ compensation, HR, risk, and business consulting services designed to help you and your business prosper.
Business Strategy
When you partner with BBSI, you get matched with a tight knit group we call a business unit. They’re the key to unlocking all the expertise and tools BBSI has to offer.
Learn More
Human Resources
At BBSI, we believe that collaboration and communication should be constant. We’re here to encourage you, challenge you, and partner with you to achieve your goals.
Learn More
Risk & Safety
Your BBSI team is made up of people who are equal parts student and teacher. They’re curious people and lifelong learners, who will meet with you onsite to understand your culture and your commitment to creating a safe workplace.
Learn More
Payroll Administration
Our online payroll platform makes it easy for you to complete all these tasks with ease from your desk, the job-site, or from the break-room on your phone. If there’s a question or a mistake, your payroll analyst is in your area code and only a phone call away to help you work through it.
Learn More
Workers’ Compensation
BBSI understands that when you’re running a business every dollar needs to work hard for you. We also believe in getting the most value for your hard-earned dollars. That’s why our workers' compensation program is different. We offer pay-as-you-go premiums that adjust with your business.
Learn More
Staffing & Recruiting
At BBSI we’re all about great people. From our own teams to yours, we know that the right hire (or the wrong one) can have a huge impact on your business.
Learn More
Technology Solutions
We believe that the right technology is key to improving your efficiency and productivity. In order to do that, the technology needs to be reliable and easy to use. We are committed to staying at the forefront of technology platforms and bringing you solutions that integrate seamlessly into your business.
Retirement Benefits 401(k)
To many business owners, providing your employees with a retirement benefit program like a 401(k) may seem like something only larger companies can afford. While some states even go so far as to mandate the plan, we know that feels like a stretch for many businesses. That’s why we offer all our clients access to our best-in-class multiple employer 401(k) program.
Get Started
"BBSI is very good at holding up a mirror. They help me see what's missing in my business and what I need to work on. They also remind me of all the positive things I'm doing. Running a business is hard, and they've been my cheerleader when I needed it. They truly understand the mindset of a business owner, and that's not something I've found with other companies or consultants."
- Penny Z.
Cornerstone Masonry
"As a rapidly growing small business, we understood that we needed help to continue our growth. Partnering with BBSI has helped us build a stronger foundation for the future. They have been instrumental in guiding us through challenging HR decisions. With the help of BBSI, we are confident our future is bright. We highly recommend BBSI. They are personable, knowledgeable and will help any company reach the next level."
- Christina R.
Aspire Behavioral Care
“Our relationship with BBSI is a very blissful union - particularly where BBSI provides a solution to our unique payroll challenges. We love the ease and time savings afforded by BBSI’s online payroll entry - from the filing of all Federal/State returns to the direct deposits into our employee’s accounts at no extra cost - we no longer have late payroll return penalties!"
- Nick R.
Professional Transportation Services Inc.
View All BBSI Branches
Don't see your state? Call 1-800-494-5669 for more information
Find Your Local Branch
When you’re looking for a partner to help you grow your business, process your payroll, or help you through an OSHA audit, you want someone local. You want someone with an office in the neighborhood you can go visit anytime. Someone who knows your name as soon as you walk in the door. At BBSI, we’ve built our business around you because we understand the power of community. When you work with BBSI, your personal team is based in a local office, not in some call center on the other side of the world. Find your local branch today, and call or email them to find out how we can help you achieve your goals.
Call : 1-800-494-5669
Find a Local Branch
Recent News
BBSI Reports Third Quarter 2020 Financial Results and Raises Full-Year Outlook
11. 03. 2020
Third Quarter Results Exceed Management Expectations, Diluted EPS for 2020 Now Expected to be $4.10 - VANCOUVER, Wash., Nov. 03, 2020 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Barrett Business Services, Inc. (“BBSI” or the “Company”) (NASDAQ: BBSI), a ...
Read more
THE PEO VALUE PROPOSITION HAS NEVER BEEN MORE RELEVANT
10. 05. 2020
A lot of people have always hated the Teacup ride at Disneyland. They can handle rollercoasters and drop rides, but spinning makes them sick every time. The only thing that helps them not be as sick for the rest of the day is ...
Read more
BBSI NOW SERVICING GLENDALE ARIZONA
09. 24. 2020
VANCOUVER, Washington – September 24, 2020 – Barrett Business Services, Inc. (BBSI) (NASDAQ: BBSI), a leading provider of business management solutions, and one of the largest professional employer organizations (PEO) in the ...
Read more