https://net10.net/privacy-policy/
(707) 723-5400 | (928) 515-8990
info@net10.net
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is specifically for use of the Net10 web site.  Our service privacy policy for customers is very straightforward — we only utilize your information to manage and support your service, and to contact you for billing purposes or if there is a problem. We don’t share or sell customer service data to any third party.
When you visit the Net10.Net web site, as with most web sites, some data about you may be collected by our site and by third-party modules that we use to help optimize and maintain our web site. You are free to utilize any privacy filter/ad blocker add-ons you wish when visiting our web site and we will not actively make any efforts to prevent their use.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact forms
When you fill out a contact form on our site, we will utilize the information (your name, your email address, and the content of your message) in order to complete your request and/or reply to you. We do not disclose this information to any third party unless you are asking us a question about a third-party service. In that case, we may disclose the nature of your request and pertinent technical details to the support organization of the third-party service.
Cookies
Net10 does not actively set any cookies when you visit our web site. However, third-party analytics and support tools that we utilize may set cookies in your browser for the purpose of collecting diagnostic and usage information about our web site. We do not utilize any tools that uniquely identify a visitor’s personal information. We do utilize the aggregated analytics data to design, optimize, and troubleshoot our web site and search engine optimization (SEO) practices.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Net10 utilizes Matomo for web site analytics. Matomo is recognized as being the ethical, privacy-centric analytics package.
You are not being tracked since your browser is reporting that you do not want to. This is a setting of your browser so you won't be able to opt-in until you disable the 'Do Not Track' feature.
Who we share your data with
With the exception of third-party services and external web sites as explained above, Net10 does not actively share your data with any third party unless you ask us to do so in conjunction with a support request.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Your contact information
If you submit a contact form on our web site, we collect your contact information for the purpose of responding to your request. We do not sell or share this information with any third party.