https://netcablesplus.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Online Privacy Statement
NetCablesPlus will treat your confidential information with the utmost care and respect for your privacy. We know that your privacy, when shopping over the internet, is a high priority for you and our top most priority is maintaining your trust and confidence.
Registration
We encourage you to register with NetCablesPlus when shopping at our Website; however it is not required to make a purchase. Our registration form requires users to give us contact information (such as name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address and password). Registration helps us to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience. The customer contact information you supply on the registration form will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order or to answer any questions that you may have. In addition, unless you choose to opt-out, it will be used to send you e-mail updates about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password.
Ordering Information
NetCablesPlus does not sell products for purchase by children. Customers may use our online form to Request a Quote for our products. When you Request a Quote, we collect contact information such as your e-mail address and phone number. Contact information from the quote request form is used to send product information to our customers and to get in touch with them when necessary. You have the option of ordering products over the telephone and you may choose to pay by credit card, Paypal, or check.
As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores, or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Website covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our transmittal of the e-mail containing such notice will nevertheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us.
Cookies
NetCablesPlus does place a feature called a “cookie” on your hard drive. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie may contain certain information, such as a unique user session ID number, which is used to track the page(s) you visited. This unique number allows us to keep track of your order as you shop on our site. Cookies also allow us to recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide those customers with specific related information.
If you register with us or request a quote from our website, we use cookies to monitor and maintain information about how you use our website, and what products you request. If you do not register or buy from the site, we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our Website in order to improve your shopping experience. Our Website logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of visits to our Website and pages viewed. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better service to you.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change the configuration of your browser to prevent this from occurring. Even without a cookie, you can still take advantage of most of the features of our Website, including making a purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless you log-in.
Option to Opt-out
At all times, you have the option of “opting out” of receiving future e-mail updates by sending us an e-mail with “unsubscribe” in the subject line at sales@netcablesplus.com.
Information Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. NetCablesPlus protects transactions using state-of-the-art SSL encryption supported by Network Solutions Secure Link (http://www.networksolutions.com) SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to encrypt all confidential, sensitive and private communication between your browser and our server. Virtually all web browser products support SSL encryption technology. As an additional security measure, all of your credit card and order information are stored in a computer that is not directly connected to the Internet.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or mechanisms NetCablesPlus uses to ensure privacy to its customers please contact: sales@netcablesplus.com.
0 items
in quote request
No products in the list
Search for:
Search
Product Categories
Cat 6 Patch Cables
Cat 5e Patch Cables
Fiber Optic Patch Cables
Crossover Patch Cables
Shielded Patch Cables
Bulk Network Cabling
Cat 6 Coupler
Faceplates
Keystone Jacks
Patch Panels
RJ45 Plugs
USB Cables
Crimping Tools
Wallplates
Racks, Shelving, Cabinets