https://netinsight.net/statement-on-cookies-and-privacy/
Skip to content Net Insight’s Statement on Cookies and PrivacyWriter2020-02-05T17:20:37+00:00Net Insight’s Statement on Cookies and PrivacyHome > Net Insight’s Statement on Cookies and PrivacyNet Insight’s Statement on CookiesGeneralNet Insight uses cookies and related technologies to improve the way our site functions for visitors. It is up to you whether to accept cookies. If you want to opt out, that is not allowing cookies, all you need to do is change your browser settings.What is a cookie?Cookies are small text files that websites store on your computer, mobile device or tablet, and they improve your browser experience.At netinsight.net, we use cookies to compile statistical information and analyze how visitors use our website. This helps us provide more functionality and makes our site easier and better to use.How does Net Insight use cookies?At netinsight.net, we use cookies and related technologies from other companies that we work with, who then provide statistics that we can analyze to make our website better and provide our visitors with more of the content they want to see. The cookies from other companies are referred to as third-party cookies.The third-party cookies on netinsight.net currently come from Google Analytics and Act-on. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, and cookies are stored in your computer for varying lengths of time. These collect anonymous information including the number of visitors to the website, where the visitors came to the site from, and the pages they visit while they are here. Act-On is a marketing automation tool, Act-on cookies and tracking pixels are used to collect user data and behavior.How to control cookies?You can control how you use cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. While the specific steps will depend on the browser you are using, most popular browsers allow you to either refuse all cookies, accept them only from trusted sites, or to accept cookies from the websites you are using at any particular time. In most browsers, you can find these settings under “Options” or “Preferences” or under the tool symbol.Net Insight’s Statement on PrivacyAbout Net Insight and our processing of your personal dataNet Insight AB (“Net Insight”, “we”) safeguards personal privacy and is always careful to protect personal data in an appropriate manner. This privacy policy regards our processing, as a data controller, of personal data from website visitors, customers and newsletter subscribers (“you”).Why do we process your personal data?We may process your personal data for different purposes. The purposes for which we may process your personal data are the following: • to improve our website; • to enter into, fulfil or administer our contract; • to contact you for marketing purposes (please see below); or • to send our newsletter.The legal ground for our processing of personal data pertaining to website visitors is our legitimate interest to manage and improve our website. The legal ground for our processing of personal data pertaining to the entering into, fulfilment or administration of our contract, is the fulfilment of our agreement. We send our newsletters to individuals which have opted-in to this. This also applies to any marketing messages sent by us. Thus, we rely on your consent for these processing activities. We may however send our newsletter or marketing messages to existing customers which have not opted-in to this. Our legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest. Please see “Marketing and newsletter” below.Collection of personal dataThe types of personal data we collect are: • From website visitors: IP address and geolocation; • From customers: contact information including name, address, mobile number and e-mail address; and • From newsletter subscribers: e-mail address and name;We may collect your personal data from, but not limited to, the following sources: • Any of Net Insight’s websites, e.g. when you browse the website, inquire about our services, download our resources or when you sign up to our newsletter; • If you are a customer; and • If you follow us on social media, e.g. Facebook or Twitter.Marketing and newsletterIf you are a customer of Net Insight, we may send you marketing-related information or our newsletter when we believe that it is relevant to you. You can always decline to our newsletter or marketing efforts, either directly in the relevant message or by contacting us via the contact details at the end of this privacy policy. Our marketing activities are based on the legitimate interest of Net Insight to provide relevant and suitable marketing and information to you, unless consent is required and in such case we will ask you for you consent. You can always withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.Storage of personal dataWe store your personal data only for as long as we need the personal data to fulfil the purpose it was collected for. Information relation to our contractual relationship will generally be deleted if the contract is terminated. If you withdraw your consent for marketing or receiving newsletters, or object to the processing of personal data for such purposes, we will delete this personal data (if not needed for any other purposes).We could be required to keep your personal data for longer to fulfil legal obligations, but in such a case we won’t process the personal data for any other purpose.Your rights You have the right to request information about what personal data we process about you and how this personal data is used, the purposes with the processing of personal data, where it has been collected as well as to what recipients it has been transferred to. If the personal data we process about you is incorrect, you have the right to have that personal data corrected. Further, you may request that your personal data is erased. You also have the right to request that the processing of your personal data is restricted. For our processing activities which are based on legitimate interest, you have the right to object to the processing. Lastly, you have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we process about you (i.e. data portability).Please contact us using the contact details below if you wish to exercise any of your rights. You are of course also welcome to contact us should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy.You may file a complaint with the The Swedish Data Protection Authority (Sw. Datainspektionen) if you believe that Net Insight’s processing of your personal data is not in accordance with applicable laws.Recipients and transfer of personal dataWe share your personal data with the following categories of data processors: hosting providers.In addition, we will disclose your information in the following situations: • when we are required to disclose information according to laws and regulations; • if we are subject to a business transaction or in case of bankruptcy; or • when we consider it necessary to protect the rights and/or property of Net Insight ABIn cases where we transfer personal data to a country outside the European Economic Area, we will make sure that the transfer is lawful and safe by undertaking necessary security and contractual measures.Changes to the privacy policy Please note that this privacy policy may be changed or amended. The latest version will always be published on our website. In case of any material changes we will, however, e-mail you, if you have given us your e-mail address, to make you aware of any changes made.Contact information You can contact us at info@netinsight.net or at the office address below.The controller is Net Insight AB, Swedish Companies Registration Office’s registration number 556533-4397, https://netinsight.net/.Office: Net Insight AB, Smidesvägen 7, Box 1200, 171 23 Solna, Sweden
We use cookies on our website to improve your online experience. By your continued use of the site, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, please read Net Insight’s Statement on Cookies and Privacy.
Ok