https://netports.com.au/legal/privacy.php
Home  |  Contact Us  |  Hosting Shop
Privacy Policy Statement
On December 21, 2001, new legislative provisions came into force within Australia which govern the way organisations hold and handle personal information.
Netports respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. Netports has published this Privacy Policy Statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy and to comply with the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles.
By submitting an online order form, or by using Netports's service, Customer hereby agrees to the following Privacy Policy. Customer agrees that it shall comply with and require its end users to comply with this Privacy Policy, Netports's Terms of Service (TOS), Netports's Acceptable Use Policy (AUP), and Netports's No-Spam Policy (NSP). In this document, the word "Agreement," with a capital "A," refers to the TOS, the AUP, the NSP, and the Privacy Policy collectively.
1. Introduction
Netports respects the privacy of every individual who visits its website and uses its services. This privacy statement provides notice of the standards and terms under which Netports protects the privacy of information supplied by visitors to sites on the World Wide Web that are owned and operated by Netports including http://netportsaustralia.com.au. This privacy statement provides notice of our information collection practices and of the ways in which your information may be used. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to review this information.
2. Personally Identifiable Information.
Netports typically receives specific data about its Website visitors only when such information is provided voluntarily, such as when our visitors request information, purchase or enrol for services, provide resume information for employment opportunities, or send us e-mail. Of course, some of these activities require that you give us information, such as when you make a purchase, use a credit card or electronic payment service to pay for Netports services, submit your resume, or request certain types of information.
We collect the following types of information about you.
Contact Information
Name
Company
Postal Address
City
State
Country
Post code
Email address
Telephone number
Domain name
When you provide personally identifiable information to Netports through one of our website, it will be used to fulfil your specific request. Netports must have pertinent information about its customers in order for us to process an application for a Netports service. Netports reserves the right, in its discretion, to send you important updates about any matter that effects your Netports services.
Netports will not sell, trade, or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information unless we are authorised or legally required to do so, or in the case of imminent physical harm to any person.
3. Credit Card Payments via e-Path Pty Ltd.
Netports utilises the services of the e-Path Credit Card Payment Gateway (http://e-path.com.au). The e-Path credit card payment gateway is PCI DSS compliant and is one of the most secure payment gateways currently in the world today. e-Path provides Netports with the security and control that ordinary real time payment gateways can not give.
Our use of the e-Path service is another way Netports is providing our customers with significantly superior protection.
4. Non-Personally Identifiable (Generic) Information.
In general, Netports gathers some generic information automatically. Generic information does not reveal the identity of the visitor. It usually includes information about the Internet address assigned to your computer, the number and frequency of visitors, and the Netports sites visited. Netports gathers this information for the limited purpose of determining customer service and website needs. We accomplish this by using certain technologies, including "cookies" (a technology that can be used to provide the visitor with tailored information about Netports services). Netports does not combine information collected in this way with any personally identifiable information. You can set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you can refuse it. However, refusing some cookies may make it impossible to use or navigate the Netports website properly.
5. Your Netports Hosted website
Information that you disclose in a public space, including on any bulletin board, chat room, or website that Netports may host for you as part of your Netports services, is available to anyone else who visits that space. Netports cannot safeguard any information you disclose in these locations. Additionally, Netports websites may contain links to sites that belong to third parties unrelated to Netports. Netports cannot protect any information you may disclose at these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit.
6. Exceptions and Limitations.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and in compliance with applicable laws, Netports (i) cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to Netports) or purported unlawful activities of any user of the Netports Service, and (ii) takes reasonable measures to protect its proprietary rights. For the limited purposes of accomplishing such cooperation and measures and in compliance with applicable laws, Netports may be required to disclose personally identifiable information.
In addition, Netports may elect to monitor the areas of communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Netports's business; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Netports or others.
7. Applicable Laws.
Netports's website and services are operated by Netports, an Australian business existing in states of Queensland and N.S.W., Australia. Netports site and services can be accessed by visitors and customers from countries around the world. Such countries may have differing laws with respect to Internet communications, the formation of contracts, consumer protection issues, privacy, and the transfer of personally identifiable information.
8. Changes in this Privacy Statement.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes in this privacy statement, and in other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by means of a notice via email.
9. Contact Us.If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: , or at our postal address:
NETPORTS
Attention: Privacy Officer
P.O. Box 463
FERNY HILLS 4055
QUEENSLAND, AUSTRALIA
10. Access to Personally Identifiable Information.If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, please login to your Netports Accounts Services Portal account and make the required amendments.
11. Sharing of Information.
Netports website does not collect the names, contact details and/or any personal information from any specific visitor to this website without the consent of the said visitor.
Particulars and details contained in information sent to Netports from the Contact us, Support and Ordering sections on this website remain confidential and protected.
TOS  |  AUP  |  Privacy Policy  |  Credit Card Payments - PCI DSS Compliance  |  Acknowledgements & Disclaimer
© 1999 - 2020 NETPORTS PTY LTD | ABN: 74162532694
eCommerce Payment Gateway by e-PathWebsite by the Netports Team