https://newgensoft.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Last updated on: June 11, 2020
Scope and Consent
This Privacy Policy describes Newgen Software Technologies Limited and its affiliates’ (hereafter referred as ‘Newgen/we/us”’) collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information. It applies to any Newgen website where this Privacy Policy appears in the footer, and to any Newgen application, service, or tool (collectively “Services”) where this Privacy Policy is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices. By using its Services and/or submitting web forms on the website and/or registering for an account with it, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy and Newgen’s Terms of Use, and you are consenting to its collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not provide the information Newgen require, we may not be able to provide all of our Services to you.
If you reside in India, you are contracting with Newgen Software Technologies Limited A-6, Satsang Vihar Marg, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi – 110 067, India. If you reside outside of India, you are contracting with one of international Newgen companies.
Complete list of Newgen’s registered offices is available here: View All Newgen Offices
The company you are contracting with is your data controller, and is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information in accordance with Newgen Privacy Policy. Data controller may transfer data to other members of the Newgen and third parties. Newgen may process your personal information in other offices including in India..
Personal Information
“Personal information” is the information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that specific person whether from that data or from that data and other information that Newgen has or is likely to have access to. Newgen do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
Changes to this Notice
Newgen may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this website. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted. Newgen will announce any material changes to this Privacy Policy through this page/email.
Collection
Newgen collect, process, and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) that you may use when you use its services, provide your information on its web form, update or add information to your account, or when you otherwise correspond with it regarding its services.
The personal information Newgen may collect includes the following:
Personal information you share when you use Newgen services or register for an account with Newgen:
Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with Newgen or demo request from Newgen
You may also provide Newgen with other information through a web form, by updating or adding information to your account, or through your participation in community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, and/or when you otherwise correspond with Newgen regarding its Services
Additional information Newgen required, and/ or authorized by applicable national laws, to collect and process in order to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information that Newgen has collected about you
Personal information Newgen collects automatically when you use its services or submit a web form or register for an account with NEWGEN
Geo-location information, including location information from your mobile device. Keep in mind that most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device in the device’s settings’ menu.
Computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the websites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history, and your web log information
Personal information we collect using cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies
Newgen use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on its services, within our advertising or e-mail content. For more information about the use of these technologies and how to control them, see Newgen’s notice on Cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. Depending on the type of browser you are using, your browser’s default settings may allow all cookies to be set. Your browser may also be configured to alert you to any cookies it comes across and/or it may allow all cookies to be set. To change your web browser settings for cookies, follow the instructions in the help section of your web browser.
Use and Retention
Newgen uses the personal information it collects to:
provide and improve its services,
provide you with a personalized experience on its websites
contact you about your account and its services
provide customers with specific information or service
provide you with personalized advertising and marketing,
and, detect, prevent, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
Newgen retain your personal information as long as it is necessary and relevant for its operations. In addition, it may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with national laws, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce its User Agreement and take other actions permitted or required by applicable national laws.
Choice
You have a choice about how Newgen should use your personal information to communicate with you, to send you marketing information, to provide you with customized and relevant advertising, and to whether you want to stay subscribed to Newgen’s communication.
Communication preferences
You can control the methods by which Newgen may contact you.. Also, you can control your member-to-member communications preferences setting and can choose which marketing communication you want to receive.
Marketing
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from Newgen, you can unsubscribe from the link in the email you received, change your Communication Preferences within Newgen, or indicate your communication preferences within the direct communication from us. Keep in mind, Newgen do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes.
Withdraw consent
If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this Privacy Policy you may not have access to all Newgen services and Newgen might not be able to provide you all of the services and customer support offered to its users and authorized under its Privacy Policy and its Terms of Use.
Security
Newgen protects your information using best in the industry technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. For Newgen 3rd party certification, you can visit our ‘About-us’ page. If you believe your privacy has been breached, please contact us following the instructions in the Questions or Complaints section below.
Questions or Complaints
If you have a question or a complaint about this Privacy Policy, Newgen’s global privacy standards, or its information handling practices, you can reach Newgen’s Privacy Office by writing an e-mail at privacy@newgensoft.com.
GDPR Information – for our European Union visitors and customers
For the purpose of GDPR, the data controller of your personal data disclosed via the Newgen website for marketing and informational purposes is Newgen Software Technologies Limited A-6, Satsang Vihar Marg, Qutab Institutional Area, New Delhi – 110 067, India.
Newgen does not solicit, does not require and you should not disclose to Newgen any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) via our website.
We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in order to provide you with access to the information you request on our website. If you have requested information be downloaded or send from this website or registered with us, you will have been asked to check a tick box indicating your agreement to provide this data in order to for such purposes. This consent provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line with this policy, please do not give us your personal data via this website.
Your data, including personal data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including, but not limited to India, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. By providing your personal data and confirming your consent via our website, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
We will only retain your personal data for marketing purposes during the period of time we retain your consent unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example for regulatory purposes). We will request continued consent to retain your data on an annual rolling period.
We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making.
Opt-out: You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications; (ii) our collection of personal data; (iii) any new processing of your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (iv) the transfer of your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Please note that your use of some of the website and ability to receive additional information may be ineffective upon opt-out.
Your Rights
You may access the data we hold about you at any time [via your profile/account] or by contacting us directly.
You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
In certain situations, for example when the data we hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data.
While you have the right to request your data be moved, Newgen does not provide direct services to you with the personal data you disclose via this website that would require such data be moved to another third party by Newgen, to continue to receive any such services.
You may contact us at privacy@newgensoft.com  anytime for any other questions you may have about your personal data and our use of such personal data.
FROM TWITTER
Tweets by @newgensoftware
© 2020 Newgen Software Technologies Limited. All rights reserved. Terms of use Privacy policy