http://nexaweb.com/privacy-policy/
781-345-5500
support@nexaweb.com
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy
Thank you for visiting the Nexaweb Web site. Protecting consumer privacy is very important to us. Our Online Privacy Statement is designed to inform you about our online collection and use of personal information. From time to time, Nexaweb may modify this Online Privacy Statement.
Our guarantee to you: When you visit the Nexaweb.com Web site, you can act anonymously while gathering information. We believe in your right as an individual to decide on the use and communication of personal data. By using this site, you agree to the terms of the Nexaweb Online Privacy Policy.
The only personal information we collect online is that information you voluntarily provide us.
The only information we collect about you online is information that you voluntarily provide to us. This information may include, for example, name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone numbers. In addition, if you contact us regarding employment opportunities, we will collect the information you elect to send to us in connection with your request or inquiry. If you supply us with personal information on this Web site, you may be contacted by Nexaweb to provide you with additional information or services.
We will NEVER sell or exchange users’ names or e-mail addresses to any other party or organization.
When you browse the Nexaweb Web site, you do so without revealing your identity. This Web site uses logs only to aggregate information about the pages that users visit so that we can update and redesign, as necessary, our Web site in order to provide you with the most useful information. Personal information, such as your e-mail address, is not collected, unless you provide it to us. Nexaweb does not disclose domain name or aggregate information to third parties other than vendors who assist us with our Web site and who are under strict confidentiality requirements.
Nexaweb’s goal is to provide users with the information they want and need. To do that, we may gather some general information about those who access our sites. We may place a “cookie” in the browser files of a user’s computer, which will enable us to determine the user’s operating system, browser type and version, Internet Service Provider, top-level domain such as .com, .edu, etc. and other such general information. These cookies are not used to serve you advertisements of any kind.
Users have the ability to configure their browsers to refuse acceptance of cookies, which are pieces of information that sites transfer to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes during each visit. Cookies, which do not contain any personally identifying information, are a standard industry technology. Cookies help readers by saving such information as passwords and editorial preferences on user hard drives. A cookie cannot pass on a computer virus, or even capture e-mail address. To learn more about cookies, please visit the Cookie FAQ.
Personal information
Nexaweb will only collect personal identifying information that users voluntarily provide to us in registering for services (such as white paper downloads, online seminar registration, newsletters, surveys and entering contests entry forms). We may use that personal information editorially to improve and customize our content or we may send users occasional promotional messages about Nexaweb products and services. We will never provide our mailing lists to third parties. Users can unsubscribe from any Nexaweb promotional emails by using the links on the email they receive, by writing to info@nexaweb.com, or they can simply opt not to register for special services, surveys and contests.
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality of consumer information.
Nexaweb policies limit access to personal user information that is collected from this Web site to those employees of Nexaweb and its affiliates who need the information to fulfill their business responsibilities. Vendors and other outside contractors we engage are subject to our contractual requirements to ensure that sensitive personal information is safeguarded.
We use appropriate security safeguards
At Nexaweb, security is a priority. Nexaweb employs appropriate measures to protect personal information collected online against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These may include, among others, encryption, physical access security, and other appropriate technologies. Nexaweb reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary. Nexaweb’s web site may be linked to other web sites.
Nexaweb may create links to third-party Web sites
Nexaweb is not responsible for the content or privacy practice employed by Web sites that are linked to our Web site.
Nexaweb’s Web site is not directed at children under the age of 13
The Nexaweb Web site is not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not believe that the information on this Web site would interest children under the age of 13. Nexaweb does not knowingly collect or maintain information at our Web site from children who are under the age of 13.
We hold ourselves accountable to our privacy statement
If you have any questions or comments about Nexaweb’s Online Privacy Statement, or for some reason believe we have not adhered to our statement, please contact us by telephone or by regular mail at one of the addresses or telephone numbers set forth below:
Marketing
Nexaweb, Inc.
1 New England Executive Park
Burlington, MA 01803
Phone: (781) 345-5500
Fax: (781) 345-5501
Domestic use only
This Nexaweb Online Privacy Statement is currently only applicable to our Web site customers and visitors in the United States. As we develop Web sites for international audiences, we may adopt additional rules and practices consistent with this statement to conform to the policies or requirements of those countries.
Modifications
We may alter this statement as needed for certain products and services and to abide by local laws or regulations. Nexaweb reserves the right to amend or modify this statement from time to time. When we amend or modify this statement, we will post the effective date of the modification on the new statement. We urge you to review this statement whenever you visit in order to obtain the most current statement. You may change your choices at any time.
Thank you for visiting us.