https://nextnetworksolutions.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
NextNetWork Solutions Privacy statement
Home
Privacy policy
NextNetwork Solutions recognizes that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: www.nextnetworksolutions. The Site is operated by NextNetwork Solutions.
Identifying Information. In general, you can visit the Sites without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Sites, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, offer services that require registration, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you. Generally, NextNetwork Solutions requests identifying information when you:
Register on any of our web sites.
Place an order.
Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.
Participate in a rebate program, contest, or other promotional offer.
Request a SPECIAL SERVICE
Request information or files from technical support or customer service.
In these instances, NextNetwork Solutions will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to “unsubscribe” to these mailings at any time.
What NextNetwork Solutions Will Do With Your Information. If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by NextNetwork Solutions and will only be used by NextNetwork Solutions to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration from this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What Others May Do With Your Information. NextNetwork Solutions does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time NextNetwork Solutions may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for NextNetwork Solutions (such as DATABASE MAINTENANCE, FURTHER EXAMPLES), however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for NextNetwork Solutions. In addition, NextNetwork Solutions may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.
When purchasing products through the our web site, the order form will also ask you to provide a daytime telephone number. However, the telephone number is only used to quickly resolve questions relative to an order, such as to clarify customer email address’s that are inactive, or entered incorrectly.
Third Party Links. NextnetHosting.net does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave www.NextnetHosting.net, NextNetwork Solutions cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Cookies. At times, we will use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a “cookie”. We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our Sites, and to give you better, more personalized service while in our web site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. However, some functions of the Sites will not function if you refuse cookies. These area’s of our web site will have information posted about cookies, and when a cookie will be uploaded to your computer.
Children’s Privacy Protection. NextNetwork Solutions is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The vast majority of the material on our web site is not intended for children and is not targeted to children under the age of 13. i3d does not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Changes to this Policy. NextNetwork Solutions may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of our web site, you can write to:
NextNetwork Solutions
22500 Davis Dr, Suite 120
Sterling VA 20164
Services
Website Development
Custom Application Development
Website Hosting
eCommerce
Database
Application
Full Admin ServicesYour staff can have assistance on the content of your web site with a simple email . Your announcements, calendars, and documents would always be posted on time and be informative. This is all done easily and affordable with our full administrative services. If you want to be hands off but also have to be on the internet this service is for you.
Social Media