http://nextera.net/privacy_policy
Not logged in? Please click here.
877-639-8372 | info@nextera.net
Home
BusinessVoice / PhoneVoIP
Business Lines
Hosted Voice
SIP Trunking
Voice T-1
Wireless Voice
InternetFixed Wireless
Internet T-1
Email & Web Hosting
BGP & Multi-Hosting
DataMetro Ethernet
Private Lines
Datacenter & Colocation
ResidentialVoIP
Residential Lines
Wireless Internet
NetworksThe Right Network
Fixed WirelessFixed Wireless Overview
Wireless Advantages
WiMax / Traditional Wireless
Dedicated Wireless
Wireless FAQs
Fiber
T-1
Ethernet over Copper
Event Internet
SupportProduct SupportBusiness
Residential
Billing & Payments
Company Policies
Assistance
Partner Programs
Report Trouble
CompanyAbout Nextera
News
Blog
Case StudiesCat Auctions
Engineered Flexible Products, Inc.
Great Northern Equipment
Promotion Select
Community Connections
Management Team
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Nextera respects the privacy of its customers and is committed to the protection of subscriber identifiable information. This policy briefly describes the subscriber indentifiable information that Nextera collects from existing and prospective subscribers and the steps that it takes to safeguard such information.
Collection and Use of Information
Nextera shall collect and use subscriber identifiable
information for billing, provisioning of service, resolution of problems
associated with any service, 411 type directory services and to inform
subscribers of new products or services that will better meet their needs. Nextera
will use subscriber identifiable information to market product and services to
the subscriber, but will not disclose or make available any subscriber
information to any third parties seeking to market products. Nextera does not
trade, sell or disclose to any third parties for unrelated marketing purposes. In
addition, if a subscriber chooses not to participate in direct marketing of new
products and services from Nextera, that customer's information will not be
used for the purpose of marketing new products.
Monitoring of Communications
Nextera will not read, listen to or disclose to any third
parties private e-mail, conversations, or other communications that are transmitted
using Nextera service except as required to ensure proper operation of its
services or as otherwise authorized by law. Nextera may provide subscriber
identifiable information in response to subpoenas, search warrants, or other
legal processes or in the case where failure to disclose information will lead
to imminent harm to the subscriber or others.
Security
Nextera has invested and deployed a variety of technology
and security features to ensure the privacy of customer information on its
network. In addition, Nextera has implemented operational guidelines to ensure
subscriber privacy is safeguarded throughout the company.
Unlawful Activity
Nextera may use subscriber identifiable information to
investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activities that
threaten the integrity of service or network integrity or that otherwise
violate Nextera's Service Agreements.
Account Information
The subscriber is responsible for ensuring that the
subscriber's account information on file with Nextera is accurate and current. Subscribers
may access their account information through MyNextera Online Account Manager
or by contacting Nextera's Customer Care center.
Children's Privacy Policy
Nextera does not sell products or services for purchase by
children. Nextera does not knowingly solicit or collect subscriber identifiable
information from children or teenagers under the age of eighteen. In addition,
Nextera will not knowingly link to any third party website that solicits or
collects subscriber identifiable information from minors. If you believe that a
minor has disclosed subscriber identifiable information to Nextera, please
contact Nextera at CustomerSupport@nextera.net so that the information can be
removed.
Spam Policy
Use of Nextera facilities for spamming purposes is
strictly prohibited. Spam complaints will be dealt with seriously and can
result in losing Nextera privileges.
Terms & Conditions | Site Map | Privacy | Acceptable Use Policy | Trading Partners | Contact
Copyright 2020 Nextera Communications