https://nimbulis.com/privacy-policy-2-2/?preview=true&_thumbnail_id=437
Privacy Policy
Overview
Managing Solutions International, LLC (d/b/a Nimbulis) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Nimbulis”, “we”, “our”, or “us”), are committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy. Nimbulis has prepared this Privacy Policy, available at www.nimbulis.com/privacypolicy/ (this “Privacy Policy”) to describe to you, or if you represent an entity or other organization, that entity or organization, (in either case, “you”) our practices regarding the personal information that Nimbulis collects, uses, and shares on behalf of end users (“Users”) of our Nimbulis online platform (the “Nimbulis Platform”), which may be accessed through the website located at www.nimbulis.com, or any other website operated by Nimbulis with a hyperlink to this Privacy Policy (each website shall be considered part of the Nimbulis Platform for purposes of this Privacy Policy). This Privacy Policy applies to the Nimbulis Platform and any other product or service offered by us that contains a hyperlink to this Privacy Policy. In general, you can access the Nimbulis Platform without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Nimbulis reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect, use, or share personal information, we will post those changes in this Privacy Policy. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you keep up to date on our most current policies and practices. We will note the effective date of the latest version of our Privacy Policy at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information That We Collect
Personal information refers to information that is connected to your name and may include things such as your email address, mailing address, company address, telephone numbers, and payment preferences. Nimbulis only collects personal information which is reasonably necessary for its dealings with the individuals to whom the information relates. The types of personal information Nimbulis collects will depend on the particular dealings we have with you. The types of personal information that we collect about Users includes, but is not limited to personal identifiers, such as names, contact details (e.g. email address), job description and, if applicable, language spoken.
Generally, Nimbulis collects personal information directly from Users when a User voluntarily submits it to us. For instance, there are times when we may need to collect personal information from you through your use of and access to the Nimbulis Platform. This generally involves filling out forms so you can download or order products or services from the Nimbulis Platform. When you download the products, we require you to fill out a form with your name and email address.
Nimbulis may also collect personal information about Users indirectly from third parties, such as from our business partners, from third party providers of marketing lists, and through various other methods using the following technologies:
Cookies. Nimbulis may use Globally Unique Identifiers (GUIDs), to notify us of the installation of one of Nimbulis’s products. A “cookie” is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. It can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience. Some Nimbulis pages use cookies. Cookies are used to better personalize the content, banners and promotions that you and other users will see. We may use the information to research and understand how our users’ habits in the aggregate are similar or different so that we can enhance your experience on Nimbulis’s sites and with our products. Cookies can optionally store information from forms that you fill out on the Nimbulis Platform so that next time you visit, you do not have to re-enter this information. For example, this would allow you to enter your zip code (or local equivalent) so that next time you visit, you can automatically see local content from your area.Referrers. A “referrer” is the information passed along by a web browser that references the URL you linked from, and is automatically collected by our web server. This information is collected and used by Nimbulis to understand the web sites referring traffic to our download pages and to present appropriate content to our potential customers. Referrer information is tabulated by Nimbulis on an aggregated basis to identify general trends and traffic patterns. From time to time, Nimbulis may enter into agreements with content partners that require Nimbulis to count the number of product downloads and/or product sales stemming from a referral from a content partner site. This information is collected, used and aggregated by Nimbulis to fulfill the reporting requirements of those agreements. This information may also be combined with the referrer information described above and tabulated on an aggregated basis to identify general trends and traffic patterns.IP addresses. IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you request) can be sent to you. They are automatically gathered by our web server. Nimbulis will not use this information to personally identified you.System information. System information we gather includes time, type of web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information is sent automatically by your web browser when you are connected to a web site and is used by Nimbulis only for broad demographic statistics. This information is used by Nimbulis in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. Nimbulis will not use this information to personally identified you.
What We Do With the Personal Information We Collect
The personal information gathered from the Nimbulis Platform is primarily used to facilitate the content and services that you select on the Nimbulis Platform. We may also use your personal information for the following purposes:To provide you with information about our other products and services and select third party products, including product alerts, releases, upgrades and patches.To ask you to participate in surveys about products, services, news and events.To allow you to purchase and download products.To aggregate broad demographic information, in order to understand general user trends.To facilitate the processing of payment and invoicing.To help diagnose problems with our Nimbulis Platform and to enhance the Nimbulis Platform for optimal User experience.To provide maintenance, support, and customer service for the Nimbulis Platform.To contact Users for information verification purposes.To ensure our compliance with export control and other applicable laws and regulations.
Personal Information That We Share
To the extent that you provide personal information to Nimbulis, Nimbulis will not sell your personal information to outside parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your consent. Nimbulis may send you e-mails regarding our new products, upgrades, or select third party products. We do not sell your personal information to such third parties. In limited circumstances, Nimbulis may disclose personal information to third parties, in order to provide products and services to you, or related to products or service you have requested from Nimbulis.
On occasion, Nimbulis will offer our Users the opportunity to participate in third party or co-branded promotions, sweepstakes or special programs. The use of any personal information provided by a User in entering such a third-party promotion will be specified prior to the User providing such personal information. We will also specify the manner in which such personal information is to be used. If your personal information is to be shared with a third party for such promotions, it will only be done so with your advance consent.
Nimbulis retains service providers to perform services for Nimbulis internally in the course of our business, such as providing marketing assistance, analyzing User behavior, and processing payment card information. Consequently, such service providers may have access to information about our Users. Such limited access will be available only to the extent needed to perform the services, under the terms of an executed confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement with Nimbulis, with the requirement that such service providers keep the personal information confidential and use the information solely on Nimbulis’s behalf.
Nimbulis may disclose personal information within the Nimbulis group, including with its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, and other related companies, without your consent. There may also be instances when Nimbulis may disclose your personal information without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Nimbulis, other affiliated companies or their employees, agents, and contractors; to honor a request that you have made through the Platform; to protect the safety and security of other Users; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process (e.g., to protect you and other Users against identity theft). In addition, if Nimbulis sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, Nimbulis may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of that transaction.
Security of Personal Information
Nimbulis employs reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect personal information from becoming disclosed to individuals who are not described in this Privacy Policy. While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information.
Access and Correction of Your Personal Information
You may access and correct the personal information we hold about you by contacting us on the details set out below. Before we provide personal information to you, we may require you to verify your identity by providing us with additional identification documentation.
We may recover from you our reasonable costs of supplying you with access to the information you seek.
Nimbulis will generally provide individuals with access to the personal information we hold about them. However, in some circumstances, there may be legal, regulatory or administrative reasons to deny access to the requested information. If access is denied, Nimbulis will provide reasons for the denial (unless it would be unreasonable to do so).
If you wish to stop receiving email marketing communications from Nimbulis, please contact us at the address listed below. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your user account or to fulfill ongoing business transactions, such as to manage subscriptions.
Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be “tracked” online. At this time Nimbulis does not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.
Aggregate Information
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, Nimbulis will have the right to collect and analyze non-personal information (data or information that does not identify an entity or natural person as the source thereof) resulting from Users’ access to and use of the Nimbulis Platform. To the extent any such non-personal information is collected or generated by the Nimbulis Platform, the data and information shall be owned by Nimbulis and may be used by Nimbulis, or its permitted service providers, for any lawful business purpose, provided that the data and information is used only in an aggregated form, without directly identifying a you, or any other User, as the source thereof.
Other Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Nimbulis Platform that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our Nimbulis Platform. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including web sites which have a link to our Nimbulis Platform, is subject to that web site’s own terms and policies.
Communications
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices the Nimbulis Platform, or wish to make a complaint about our handling practices, you may contact:
Privacy Officer
Managing Solutions International
PO BOX 20712
Boulder, CO 80308
privacy@nimbulis.com
If Nimbulis needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
Updated 12 July 2017
Let’s Get Started Join Nimbulis and increase productivity by decreasing clutter
Contact Us
Copyright Nimbulis © 2020. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service / Privacy Policy
Digital DexterityOur ProductFAQsPricingAbout UsContact UsFree Starter AccountLogin