http://no-nonsense-software.com/privacy
No Nonsense Software respects your online time and privacy. Below, we’ll describe the privacy practices for this website.
Personal information
At No Nonsense Software, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We do not track usage of individual visitors, nor do we store any user information, IP addresses or cookies, aside from those used by standard website logfiles and statistics.
There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and email address. We do not collect any personal information without your consent. No Nonsense Software does not share information about individual users with any third party.
If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need – to correspond with you, process an order or provide you with a subscription, for example – it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
Business relationships
The No Nonsense Software website contains links to other websites. No Nonsense Software is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies
A cookie is data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. We use cookies to be able to provide you a better service. If you do not accept cookies when using our website, you will still be able to use our website and buy our products.
More information
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at feedback@no-nonsense-software.com
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
If you do not accept cookies, you will still be able to use our website and buy our products.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings