https://novagem.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Notice and Disclosure
In general, you may visit this website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. The operators of www.novagem.co.uk collects domain information from your visit to customise and improve your experience on our website.
Some portions of this website may require you to give us personally identifiable information, which is information that enables us to identify you, such as your name, email or other address. If you opt to provide us that sort of information, we also may use it for purposes such as verifying your identity, sending you information or contacting you.
Choice/Opt-Out
It is our intent to inform you before we collect personally identifiable information, and tell you what we intend to do with it. You will have the option of not providing the information, in which case you may still be able to access other portions of this website, although you may not be able to access certain programs or services. In certain portions of this website, we also may enable you to “opt out” of certain uses of your information, or elect not to receive future communications or services.
Business Relationships
This website contains links to other websites. The operators of www.novagem.co.uk is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies
This website uses cookies in order to help provide you with the best experience that we can. Cookies are placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other web browsing device when you browse websites and are small text files.
Our cookies help us:
Enhance your browsing experience by making the website work as you would expect Remember your settings during visits Improve the speed and security of the site Allow you to share pages with social networks like Twitter and Facebook Continuously improve our website for you. We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission);
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission);
Pass data to advertising networks;
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties;
Pay sales commissions.
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below.
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Remembering your search settings;
Remembering your preferences such as colours, text size and layout;
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily “Like” or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our’s and a large proportion of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called “spyware”. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy statement or practices, please contact us via email at privacy@novagem.co.uk.
The operators of www.novagem.co.uk reserves the right to modify or update this privacy statement at any time without prior notice.