http://novabench.com/privacy
Novabench respects your privacy. We know how important your computers and data are to you, and the trust you place with us when you install Novabench. This document sets out how we limit the information we collect, and how we use and safeguard the information we do collect.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, submit benchmark data
from the Novabench program, or purchase our software. We may collect your:
Username, password, and email address (only when registering for an account)
Billing information (only when purchasing a paid upgrade)
Non-personally identifiable computer hardware information, specifications, and performance metrics (only when submitting a benchmark result from the program)
You may, however, use our site anonymously and delete your information at any time. Your email address is never shown publicly.
Rest assured that we never collect sensitive personal information from your computer such as network information, computer name, or file information.
Novabench will only transmit computer information if you click the "Compare these results online", or similar button in the program.
We also use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following
ways:
To personalize your experience
To help you understand your computer's performance
To improve our website
To complete purchases and reduce fraud
To send periodic emails, only if you have explicitly chosen to opt-in
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future
emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each
email.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally
identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us
in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those
parties agree to keep this information confidential. Examples of such third parties include our payment processors; Stripe and PayPal.We may also release your
information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce
our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However,
non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for
marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We use industry standard information security best practices to safeguard data.
Cookies
We set cookies to allow registered users to maintain a login session on our website. It is not necessary to register to use most features of our website.
Some trusted third-parties may also set cookies, including advertisers (as set out below), or Google Analytics (as set out above).
Advertisements
We use Google AdSense to serve ads when you visit our website. Google may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Novabench is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to [email protected].
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page,
and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on May 17, 2018 to clarify our compliance with GDPR