http://nthdimension.net/privacy/
Navigation
Home
MainSolutions
Overview
Corporate Performance Management (CPM)
Business Intelligence (BI)
Business Process Management (BPM)
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) & Accounting Systems
Cloud Computing
Products
Overview
IBM
Cognos 10 Family
Cognos Insight
Cognos Express
Cognos Express Reporter
Cognos Express Advisor
Cognos Express Xcelerator
Cognos Express Planner
Cognos Enterprise
Cognos BI
Cognos Mobile
Cognos Active Report
Cognos Statistics
Cognos Workspace
Cognos Controller
Cognos Disclosure Management
Cognos FSR
Corporate Social Responsibility Reporting (CSR)
External Reporting
Internal Reporting Process Automation
Public Sector Financial Management & Reporting
Regulatory Reporting
SEC Filings
XBRL
Cognos TM1
Cognos C7 (formerly Clarity 7)
Microsoft
Dynamics GP
Dynamics SL
Dynamics CRM
Management Reporter
FRx
Forecaster
PerformancePoint Services for SharePoint
MS Office PerformancePoint Server
ProClarity
Microsoft Office Business Scorecard Manager
DSP Performance Canvas
KnowledgeSync
Industries
Overview
Financial Services
Healthcare and Medical
Holding Companies
Hospitality
Not-for-Profit Organizations
Project Based Organizations
Public Sector
Public Sector
Overview
Accounting Software
Budgeting & Planning
Business Activity Monitoring
CAFR Solution
Constituent Relations
Performance Management
Services
Overview
Business Consulting
Project Management
Application Configuration
System and Data Integration
Data Conversion & Migration
Training
Go-Live Support
Custom Report Development
Ongoing Support
Financing Alternatives
Resources
Overview
Corporate Performance Management (CPM) Resources
BI and Process Management Resources
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) & Accounting Systems Resources
About Us
Overview
Management Team
Technology Partners
Referral Program
Referral Program Registration
Blog
Return to Content
You are here: Home › Privacy Policy
nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC understands the importance of protecting and safeguarding your privacy when you use our website. We have a clear privacy policy: we collect no personally identifiable information unless you voluntarily supply it.
Your Privacy: Overview
This privacy policy tells you about the information that nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC collects on this website, how the information is used, and how you can access and correct certain information that we may collect.
Please note that this privacy policy applies only to this website and does not apply to information obtained offline through events such as demonstrations or seminars or through personal contacts with nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC representatives.
Additionally, our website may contain links to other entities’ websites that are not controlled or operated by nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC. This privacy policy does not apply to such third-party websites, and we are not responsible for the content of such third-party websites or the privacy practices of such third parties.
Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third parties upon visiting such third-party websites.
Collection of Your Personal Information
You can access most areas of our website without submitting any personally identifiable information. nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC will collect personally identifiable information if you choose to complete the form to use the select resource materials areas of this website. The personally identifiable information that we collect includes your name, e-mail address, address, telephone number and information about your company. All of the information that you provide in the registration form is automatically transmitted via e-mail to nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, who protects such information and makes it available for your review and correction as explained below. We also collect your e-mail address and any additional personally identifiable information that you choose to provide if you e-mail us using the link provided for existing customers with support issues.
Do We Employ “Cookies”?
The nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC website does not currently use cookies. “Cookies” are small text files stored on your computer’s hard drive. They are generated by websites to collect certain information about your use of such websites.
How We Protect Your Information
The security of your personally identifiable information is important to you, and we take every commercially reasonable precaution to maintain that protection. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and facilitate the appropriate use of information, we use physical, electronic and managerial procedures to attempt to protect the personally identifiable information we collect online. If you have any questions about the security of personally identifiable information collected by nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, please contact us by e-mail at moreinfo@nexDimension.net or by mail at nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC – Marketing Department, PO Box 921221, Norcross, Georgia  30010.
Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information
nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC does not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information to others. We may choose to disclose such information to trustworthy third-party partners whom we occasionally hire to provide limited services on our behalf, including website services, packaging, mailing and delivering promotional materials, answering customer questions about our products and services, and new services. We will only provide those partners with the personally identifiable information they need to deliver the services to us or on our behalf, and they are contractually prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Upon our collection of your personally identifiable information, nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC may use such personally identifiable information internally, separately or in combination with pre-existing information, for the following purposes:
To answer your questions or respond to your comments and to follow up on any issues or potential areas of interest;
To contact you with more information about nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, its services and products; or
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services.
nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information to a third-party if required to do so by law or based on the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served to nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the public or of users of the nexDimension Technology Solution’s products, services and website.
Personally identifiable information collected on this website may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC or its affiliates maintain facilities.
Our Retention of Your Personally Identifiable Information
Once registered with our website, the personally identifiable information that you provide will be stored and maintained by nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes for which it is collected, until you instruct us otherwise, or for so long as we are required to maintain such information by law. Our retention of your data allows us to continue to provide you with highly personalized services without interruption.
Choice
nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC does not collect your personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide it. nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC will not contact you or send you information on our products or services unless you “opt-in” that we contact or send you information. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive further e-mail communications from nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, you will have the ability to unsubscribe from such services by means of a link provided in every e-mail that is sent to you by nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive any other form of communication from nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC, you will have the ability to unsubscribe from such services by contacting us at moreinfo@nexDimension.net or by mail at nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC – Marketing Department, PO Box 921221, Norcross, Georgia  30010.
Access and Accuracy
nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC aims to keep your personally identifiable information as accurate as possible. Should you at any time want to review or change your personally identifiable information or remove your personally identifiable information from our database, you may contact us at the address listed in this policy. We will comply with such requests as soon as commercially reasonable.
Your Acceptance of These Terms and Revisions to These Terms
By using this website and providing us with your information, you agree to the nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time and without prior notice to you. All revisions will be posted to the nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC website. We urge you to review our privacy policy frequently for changes. Your continued use of the nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC website means that you accept those changes.
Questions or Comments
nexDimension Technology Solutions, LLC welcomes questions and comments about this Privacy Policy. Our goal is to protect your privacy. Questions and comments should be directed to the address listed in this policy.
Start Now Call: (877) 586-2650
Email:
info@nexdimension.net
Have a Question?
Corporate Performance Management (CPM)Budgeting, Planning & Forecasting
Business Financial Reporting
Financial Consolidations
GAAP to IFRS Conversion
BI & Business Process Management (BPM)DSP Performance Canvas
KnowledgeSync
Microsoft SQL Server 2012
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)Microsoft Dynamics GP
Microsoft Dynamics SL
Microsoft Dynamics CRM
Subscribe to our Newsletter