https://ntint.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
News Events Career Opportunities Blog Support Portal Reduce-Risk.com Top LinksLinkedin page opens in new windowFacebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new window
Search:
Home Product SuiteContamination Control Quality Execution LIMS Quality Process Disease Control & Hygiene Monitoring Innovation Management Additional Solutions
Services CompanyAbout Us Our Clients Our Team Career Opportunities Corporate Citizenship Blog
Locations ContactSales Support
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
Novatek and its affiliates together referred to as “We” are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy covers Novatek International’s treatment of personally identifiable information that We collect when you are on our site, and when you use our services. This policy also applies to Novatek International’s treatment of any personally identifiable information that our business partners share with us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that We do not own or control, or to people that We do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit or use our pages. When you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. You also may be asked to complete surveys that We use for research purposes; however you are not obliged to respond to them. Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, weblogs, location data, and other communication data, whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access on our site.
We may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested.
We may use this information for three general purposes: to customize the content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain services and information, and to contact you.
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our affiliates, advertisers and partners. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check their privacy policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. We will only send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Novatek International to provide a product or service to you (unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
We find that your actions on our web sites violate the above terms of service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
We may set and access cookies on your computer. Using a cookie file on the hard drive of your computer We may obtain information about your general internet usage. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalized service. They enable us:
To estimate our viewers volume and usage model.
To store information about your favourites, and so allow us to tailor our site according to your individual interests.
To recognize you when you come back to our site and speed up your searches.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate emailed to you at the email you have provided us.
Contact
Inquiries, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed. Click here to contact us.
Go to Top