https://objectcomputing.com/about/legal/privacy-statement
Search
Site Map
Home
ServicesExpertiseMachine LearningBlockchain SolutionsIndustrial Internet of Things (IIoT)Cloud EngineeringCase StudiesProductsGrails FrameworkMicronaut FrameworkOpenDDSTAOResourcesBusiness InsightsTechnical InsightsEventsAboutOur ApproachCareersClientsPartnersPhilanthropyNews
HomeAboutLegalPrivacy Statement
Object Computing, Inc. (“OCI” or “Company”) respects your privacy; maintaining your trust is paramount to us. This Privacy Statement details the ways in which OCI collects and uses personally identifiable information you share with us.
Collection of Personal Information
OCI may collect a variety of information from you including your name, contact information (telephone number(s), email address(es), and physical address(es), etc.), employment information, etc. The information that we collect, either directly or indirectly, may be combined to help us improve its overall accuracy and completeness and to help us better tailor our interactions with you.
Storage and Disclosure or Use of Personal Information
Any information OCI collects from or about you may be stored by OCI in one or more database systems maintained by OCI (either directly or indirectly). OCI may process and use this information in order to address your inquiry, consider you for employment purposes, or otherwise perform our services. We may additionally use this information to contact you concerning a variety of matters, including, but not limited to, upcoming courses or related events, networking events, employment opportunities and satisfaction surveys. We at OCI will NOT share your information with third parties, except in the following circumstances:
Disclosure to companies and individuals we employ is necessary to perform business functions and services on our behalf, and only to the extent necessary for such functions to be performed. Such functions may include, for example, analyzing data, providing legal, accounting and marketing services.
Disclosure to the extent necessary or appropriate to government agencies and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws, the service of legal process, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law requiring such disclosure; (b) protect OCI’s rights or property; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of the users or the public.
Disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or property of OCI, our business partners, clients, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected. In addition, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, or the rights of others, or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web sites.
Unless you tell us not to do so, we may keep the information for future consideration.
Cookies
If your browser is set up to accept cookies, OCI may place cookies on your computer for the purpose of providing you a custom website experience. OCI may also use cookies to collect information on how OCI’s website is used, but will only collect such information in the aggregate and will not associate such information with any of your personally identifiable information. Acceptance of cookies is not necessary to use OCI’s website, and if you wish for OCI’s website not to place cookies on your computer you may alter your browser’s privacy settings accordingly.
Security of Information
While OCI values the security of your information, no transmission of data over the Internet is 100% secure. Accordingly, OCI cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, either through our website or through any other method, and you make such transmissions at your own risk.Certain portions of our website are protected by 128-bit SSL encryption. These areas can be identified by noting an “https” at the beginning of the web address in the address bar.
Links to Non-OCI Web Sites and Third Party Applications
To allow you to interact with other Web sites on which you may have accounts (such as Twitter and other social media sites) or join communities on such sites, we may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to login, post content or join communities from our Web sites.We may also provide you with general links to non-OCI Web sites. Your use of these links and applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, and you should become familiar with the third party sites’ privacy policies before using the links or applications. OCI is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.
Notification of Changes
OCI reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. When OCI chooses to revise this policy, it will post the updated policy on this website.
Privacy Questions and Access
If you have a question about this Privacy Statement or OCI’s handling of your information, you can send us an email.In certain cases, you may have the ability to view or edit your personal information online. In the event your information is not accessible online, and you wish to obtain a copy of particular information you provided to OCI, or if you become aware the information is incorrect and you would like us to correct it, contact us.Before OCI is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will contact you within 30 days of your request.
Terms of Use
secret