https://ofb.biz/privacyPolicy
Toggle navigation
Technology
Culture
Faith
Creative Works
Support Us
Sign In or Join
Home: About Us: Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
Universal Networks, LLC (“Uninet”) and FaithTree Christian Fellowship, Inc. (collectively, “the FaithTree Network”) collect user information, on a solely optional basis as part of account registration, donation processing and to gain personalization features such as custom weather, news and stock reports. This information is purely used to produce the advertised functionality amongst the FaithTree Network of sites, and will never be sold or leased.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies, such as Google, to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information they collect about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not share the personal information you provide in creating or using your account to advertisers, however.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website or other websites. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google’s ads settings page. Additionally, you can opt out of other third-party vendors’ use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
Unsolicited E-mail Policy
Universal Networks, FaithTree Christian Fellowship and our affiliates are avid opponents of unsolicited (“spam”) mail. We only send our newsletters to those who explicitly opt-in to receive updates. If you receive mail that appears to be from us, but you have not requested it, either someone else forged your information and subscribed for you, or the origin of the message should be questioned. We will gladly work with you to fight such abuse. For help, contact abuse@serverforest.com.
You need to be logged in if you wish to comment on this article. Sign in or sign up here.
About OFB
Support FaithTree
About FaithTree
Open for Business
Technology
Culture
Faith
Creative Works
FaithTree Network
Sign In or Join
Portal
WeatherDesk
About FaithTree.com
Connect with Us
(636) 395-0872
© 2001-2020 Universal Networks, LLC, All Rights Reserved. Some content rights
may be held by Universal Networks' providers and used under license.
Powered by ServerForest and SAFARI.
Privacy Policy. OFB is registered as ISSN 2153-5469.