http://onecnc.com/en/legal/privacy-policy
CAD/CAM   International Websites How To Buy
Change Language
English (en)
English (en)
German (de)
Danish (da)
Dutch (nl)
French (fr)
Italian (it)
Japanese (ja)
Korean (ko)
Polish (pl)
Spanish (es)
Swedish (sv)
Turkey (tr)
Indonesian (id)
Chinese (cn)
Chinese (tw)
Not listed? try Google Translate
HomeProductsOneCNC ProductsMillLatheProfilerWire EDMSolid DesignFree DemonstrationsSolution PartnersHow to BuyNewsTrainingSupportSupport OverviewTechnical SupportOneCNC UpdatesDownloads PageUser ForumFAQ HelpContact Us
OneCNC Privacy Policy
CAD/CAM » Legal » Privacy Policy
OneCNC Privacy PolicyOneCNC would like to thank you for visiting our web site. We know many visitors have questions regarding the privacy of their interactions on our web site. We hope this privacy policy statement will answer any questions you may have, but if it does not, please feel free to contact us at the email address or postal address shown below.Visiting our Web siteIn general, you can visit the OneCNC web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself, such as your name, phone number, or postal or email address. Our web server collects IP addresses to obtain certain aggregate information concerning the use of our web site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the web. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. Therefore you can remain anonymous when you visit our web site.Our web servers may also collect information such as number of visits, average time spent on the site, and pages viewed, but this information is not traceable back to an individual user. OneCNC uses this information to analyse how people use our site and generate ideas on how the site might be improved.Some of our web pages utilize "cookies" so that we can better serve you with tailored information when you return to our site. Cookies are identifiers that a web site can send to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to our site. It may do such things as store the fact that you have registered for a seminar so that the next time you visit the site we recognize you are a registrant. You can, if you wish, set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not function properly.Occasionally you may be asked to give us more specific information about yourself, such as when you download software, register for a seminar or other event, respond to a survey or enter a contest from our web site. Supplying such information to us is optional, but you may be unable to complete certain transactions without giving such information.The Use of Personal Information OneCNC may use the personal information you provide us for a variety of purposes, including registration, authentication, and marketing purposes. We may use the information to inform you of special offers, upgrades and other OneCNC products and services that may be of interest to you.OneCNC products are not marketed to children under the age of 13 years old and OneCNC does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 years old. OneCNC is committed to protecting the privacy of children and if OneCNC becomes aware that such information was collected, will treat that information as sensitive.If you do not want information you provide to be shared, or if you do not wish to receive information about additional OneCNC products or services, please let us know and we will respect your wishes.OneCNC stores the personal data of customers and web site visitors indefinitely and may maintain and process such information directly or indirectly in one or more databases. If you provide personal information to OneCNC, you agree and consent to OneCNC' storage and usage of this information anywhere that OneCNC and its affiliates maintain offices for the purposes described above. OneCNC takes reasonable precautions to protect the personal data from loss, unauthorized access, alteration, misuse, and disclosure.OneCNC may also disclose such personal information if required by law or if OneCNC believes in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process or protect the rights, property or personal safety of OneCNC, our customers or the public.The OneCNC web site may contain information about third parties and/or links to other web sites. OneCNC is not responsible for the accuracy of such information and for the privacy practices, security, or more generally, the content of these web sites.Updating Personal Information and "Opting Out" OneCNC wants to ensure that the information it collects is accurate. Please notify us of any change to your address, phone number, email address or other information by sending us an email message at If at any time you wish to "opt out" of receiving information from OneCNC, please notify us by sending us an email or written message at the addresses shown above. Please note that due to lead times on certain mailings and other contacts, you may continue to receive contacts for a period following your "opt out" notification.Changes to this Policy OneCNC may change this policy from time to time. Any changes will be posted to this site, so we encourage you to review our privacy policy from time to time.This Privacy Policy was updated in April 2010.
POWERFUL CAD CAM, MADE EASY. GET YOUR FREE CONSULTING AND QUOTE NOW Get Started Now
Subscribe to follow via emailName:Email:We respect your  email privacyEmail Marketing by AWeber HelpWhat am I signing up to?By subscribing, you agree to be notified via email of OneCNC updates and important news.You can un-subscribe at any timeWhat about other languages?At present OneCNC offers automatic updates in English.However you can use our language drop-down when viewing articles on our website to see if a translation has been provided, or to activate Google Translate if your language is not listed.