http://onevideo.co.uk/conditions
Home
Terms & conditions
Terms & conditions
Please take the time to read our terms and conditions of trading.
1. This website is owned and operated by Techex Ltd trading as OneVideo. OneVideo is strictly a business to business ecommerce operation.
2. Your use of this website is subject to the following terms and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms. If you do not agree with any of the terms, please do not use this website.
3. Copyright in the pages and in the screens displaying the pages, and in the information and material therein and in their arrangement, is owned by Techex Ltd unless otherwise indicated.
4. "OneVideo" is a trading name of Techex Ltd.
5. The information and materials contained in these pages, and the terms, conditions, and descriptions that appear, are subject to change. Unauthorized use of OneVideo's web sites and systems including but not limited to unauthorized entry into OneVideo's systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted on a site is strictly prohibited. Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final determination by OneVideo and/or its affiliates.
6. This site may contain links to web sites controlled or offered by third parties (non-affiliates of OneVideo). OneVideo hereby disclaims liability for, any information, materials, products or services posted or offered at any of the third party sites linked to this web site. By creating a link to a third party web site, OneVideo does not endorse or recommend any products or services offered or information contained at that web site, nor is OneVideo liable for any failure of products or services offered or advertised at those sites. Such third party may have a privacy policy different from that of OneVideo and the third party website may provide less security than the OneVideo site.
7. The information and materials contained in this site, including text, graphics, links or other items are provided "as is", "as available". OneVideo does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of this information and materials and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given in conjunction with the information and materials.
8. In no event will OneVideo be liable for any damages, including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with this site or any linked site or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, even if OneVideo, or representatives thereof, are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses.
9. All information submitted to OneVideo via this site shall be deemed and remain the property of OneVideo and OneVideo shall be free to use, for any purpose, any idea, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this site provides OneVideo through this site. OneVideo shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as agreed by the OneVideo entity having the direct customer relationship or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as limiting or reducing OneVideo's responsibilities and obligations to customers in accordance with the OneVideo Privacy Policy.
10. You agree not to introduce into or through this website any information or materials which may be harmful to others. Among other things, you agree not to include, knowingly or otherwise, any error or defect in material or information which may, among other things, be a libel, slander, defamation or obscenity, or promote hatred or otherwise give rise to a criminal offence or civil liability on the part of any person or entity.
11. OneVideo may monitor access to, discussions and postings on and other activities relating to the site, and intervene in relation thereto but does not make any representation or warranty that it will do so. You consent to any such monitoring and intervention in the event OneVideo elects to do so.
12. This site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
13. All rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved to OneVideo. Nothing contained in these terms shall be construed as conferring by implication, or otherwise any license or right under any copyright, patent, trademark or other intellectual right of OneVideo or any other person or entity.
14. Certain sections or pages on this site may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these terms and conditions. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages.
15. To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, initial orders will be shipped to the card holders billing address only. We will also validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
16. While we try and ensure that all prices on our website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
17. OneVideo may modify, alter or otherwise update the terms applicable to this website from time to time without notice, and you agree to be bound by such terms as are in effect at the time at which you access OneVideo website.
18. These terms and conditions apply while you are accessing the Website and remain in effect indefinitely thereafter.
Secure Payment
All of our transactions are encrypted to the highest global standards. Our payment systems are monitored and audited regularly by a world leading Qualified Security Assessors (QSA) with our payment gateway partner being reguarly certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1, so you can be confident our services are completely secure.