http://onevideo.co.uk/privacy
Home
Privacy statement
Techex Limited Privacy Policy
About us
This Privacy Policy describes the data protection practices of Techex Limited and it's B2B website onevideo.co.uk (a trading name of Techex Ltd) in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR). We are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our customers, partners, employees and contacts.
Techex Limited will be what’s known as the ‘Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that we collect from you and what we might do with it. We will use any information you give us in line with data protection and privacy laws. This means we will make sure you know how we are going to use your information, and who it may be shared with/shown to.
Under data protection law, we have to:
Tell you about your rights regarding the processing and control of your personal data
Keep your records accurate and held
securely
Keep only enough data to provide
information about our products and services and meet our contractual
responsibilities
Only keep your information for as long as
it is necessary for a specific purpose
Process personal data fairly and lawfully
Be transparent about what information we
process and how we use personal information
What is personal data?
Personal data includes information that relates to an identified or identifiable person. The GDPR applies to both electronic personal data and to manual filing systems.
What data do we collect?
We collect personal data when you interact with us for a legitimate business purpose as a customer or partner, or when you complete a form on our website.
Customer Information
Salutation (Mr, Mrs, Miss, Ms)
Name (first name, surname)
Job title
Email address (business or personal email
address if provided by you)
Name and address of the organisation you
work for
Telephone number (Business phone and/or
mobile number or personal number if provided by you)
Location and/or place of work
Phone call recordings
Username for logging in to the secure
areas of the Techex website
Details of products or services we have
discussed or you have purchased
Partner Information
Salutation (Mr, Mrs, Miss, Ms)
Name (first name, surname)
Job title
Email address (business or personal email
address if provided by you)
Name and address of the organisation you
work for
Telephone number (Business phone and/or
mobile number or personal number if provided by you)
Location and/or place of work
Phone call recordings
Username for logging in to the secure
areas of the Techex website
Details of products or services we have
discussed or you have purchased
The personal information we have for you is made up of what you tell us, and data we collect when you use our services, or from related third parties we work with.
We do not collect special types of information or location based information.
We may also collect information about your online and website activity such as:
MAC address details
Your IP address
Cookie details
We may track the details of the pages you
visit on our website such as pages viewed and the resources that you
access. Such information includes traffic, location and other
communication data.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We may use IP address tracking technology
to analyse data about website traffic to help us improve our services and
provide you with more relevant content
Cookies are used to make the website work
better, as well as to provide information on how the site is used
To understand and improve upon how our
customers and partners are engaging with our email communications, we may
use analytics tools to allow us to analyse open and click rates
Employee Information
Relevant personal data throughout employment and for as long as is legally necessary (currently 7 years) after the termination of employment. Full details are documented within the 'Employee and Contractor Privacy Notice' available to all employees and contractors.
Job Applicant Information
Relevant personal data required to process the application such as assessing skills and qualifications, reference checks and information to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Full details are documented within the 'Job Applicant Privacy Notice' which is available on request.
How do we collect this data?
When you enter into a legal or financial contractual
agreement with Techex Limited
When you complete a form on the Techex
website
Through the use of cookies when you browse
our website – see our Cookie Policy for more detail
When you provide your details to us at an
event/trade show
When you contact us
We never buy user data from third parties
Why and How do we use personal data?
Management of Information
Under data protection law, we can only use your personal data if we have a legal basis for doing so.
Information is held for the following reasons:
Customers: Provision of quotations, fulfilment of a contract, after sales support contracts, recalls and/or upgrade information specific to products you have purchased from us, and e-marketing
Partners: Purchasing, fulfilment of a contract, provision of services and employee benefits
Employees: Legal requirement of employment, provision of employee benefits and HMRC
To comply with our legal and regulatory
obligations;
For our legitimate interests or those of a
third party (see below);
For the establishment, exercise or defence
of legal claims or proceedings; or
Where you have given consent.
The basis on which we use your personal data
If you have previously purchased products
or services from us we use your data to provide to you details of related
products or services, or other products and services in which you may be
interested.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to
tell you about relevant products and offers. This is what we mean when we
talk about ‘marketing’.
We study this to form a view on what we
think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how
we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
We can only use your personal information
to send you marketing messages if we have either your consent or a
‘legitimate interest’ to do so, which is when we have a business or
commercial reason to use your information. It must not unfairly go against
what is right and best for you.
You can ask us to stop sending you
marketing messages by contacting us at any time.
Whatever you choose, you will still
receive commercial statements, and other important information such as
changes to your existing products and services.
We may ask you to confirm or update your
choices, for example, if you take out any new products or services with us
in future. We will also ask you to do this if there are changes in the
law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
If you change your mind you can update
your choices at any time by contacting us however is most convenient for
you or via admin@techex.co.uk.
Processing Personal Data on the basis of consent
Data may be processed if we have gained freely given consent from an individual for any number of reasons outlined above.
Consent can be withdrawn at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any of our email communications or you can email admin@techex.co.uk and we will ensure that your details are removed from our mailing lists as requested.
Processing Personal Data for a Legitimate Interest
What does Legitimate interest mean?
Legitimate interest means the interests of our company in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give our customers and channel partners the best and most secure experience. For example, we have an interest in making sure our marketing is relevant for you, so we may process your information to send you marketing that is tailored to your interests and which will enable you to effectively use and/or promote our products and services.
Processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by Techex, the controller, or by a third party, our selected channel partners, to provide you with details relating to our products and services.
Why would we process your information for a legitimate interest?
We process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes, which include some or all of the following:
Where the processing enables us to
enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our products, services
and communications for the benefit of our customers
To identify and prevent fraud
To enhance the security of our network and
information systems
To better understand how people interact
with our websites
To determine the effectiveness of
promotional campaigns and advertising
To protect our commercially valuable
information and also our intellectual property;
To prevent and detect fraud and/or
criminal activity that could be damaging for us and for you;
For credit control purposes and to make
sure our customers can pay for the goods and services we provide; and
Ensuring we are able to keep up to date
with our customers and contacts and developments in their organisations.
Whenever we process data on the basis of legitimate interest we will ensure that we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish, and if you wish to do so please contact admin@techex.co.uk. Please bear in mind that if you object this may affect our ability to carry out tasks above for your benefit.
Direct Marketing
Any marketing undertaken by Techex is processed in compliance with e-privacy regulation and direct marketing best practice.
We may process personal data for direct marketing by email. If you are an existing channel partner or customer it is important that we are able to keep you updated with the latest news about Techex products, services and events. We are therefore legally allowed to send direct marketing to personal data obtained using soft opt-in consent as outlined in the EU Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulation (PECR).
Processing Personal data with Consent for direct marketing
You may freely consent to your personal data being processed by Techex for direct marketing in the following circumstances:
When you tick an optional field for opt-in
on a form on the website
Where you click through to opt-in from an
opt-in button in an email
When you leave a business card or have
your details collected at an event/ trade show - we may verbally ask
whether you consent to receive communications from us
Signing a consent statement on a paper
form to receive marketing communications - you may be asked to do this at
a trade show or event
Where applicable we keep clear records of where, when and how consent was obtained.
We process personal data for the purpose of direct marketing by electronic means, i.e., email. For individuals who are not current channel partners or existing customers (e.g. we may have acquired your details by purchasing a list from a third party), we require that individuals give consent - or opt-in - to receive direct marketing in accordance with applicable laws.
We ensure you have a free and fully informed choice to exercise your right to consent or actively opt-in. Where explicit consent is to be gathered we endeavour to ensure that you are fully aware of what you are consenting to and how your personal data will be used. These purposes may fall under the section Why and How do we use personal data?
You are able to withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in any of our email communications or you can email admin@techex.co.uk and we will ensure that your details are deleted as requested.
Disclosing your information
We will also share your personal data with our suppliers and service providers for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. We require those third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We may also share your personal data where the disclosure is required by law.
We will also ensure that any personal data that is disclosed to us is held safely and securely.
We may disclose your personal data in these circumstances:
For any of the reasons highlighted in the
section above labelled Why and How do we use personal data?
To further protect and reduce the risk of
fraud
In the event that we sell any or all of
our business to a buyer
Other than for the purposes communicated to you in this privacy policy, we will not share your personal information with any other third parties without your consent unless we are required to do so by law. Where disclosure to third parties is required by law, our legal basis for processing your information in this way is that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We do not keep any personal data for any longer than is reasonably necessary and the policy for retaining data will be regularly reviewed by the Data Controller.
Techex may retain personal information indefinitely for the following purposes:
If it is subject to a contract either previously of in the future
Potential e-marketing opportunities
Ensuring data subjects preferences and request under individuals rights are maintained.
If you are an existing channel partner or customer, it is important that you receive product and services information to ensure you are kept informed and up to date with the latest news. We will continue holding and processing this personal data until told otherwise e.g. by unsubscribing to marketing communications.
For individuals who are not existing channel partners or end users we will keep data until consent is withdrawn, e.g. by unsubscribing to marketing communications or any other means. Some records relating to former employees may be kept for an extended period for legal and HRMC reasons.
Data Storage and Security
We ensure that all data is stored securely.
Sensitive paper records will be kept in a locked filing cabinet, drawer or safe, with restricted access. Sensitive paper records will not be left unattended or in clear view anywhere with general access.
All data is stored on secure servers within the EEA and where applicable is held in password protected accounts and accessible only by relevant personnel. A company-wide firewall is in place to ensure security.
Digital data is coded, encrypted or password-protected, both on a local hard drive and on a network drive that is regularly backed up off-site. Where data is saved on removable storage or a portable device, the device will be kept in a locked filing cabinet, drawer or safe when not in use. Memory sticks will not be used to hold personal information unless they are password-protected and fully encrypted.  All mobiles and laptops are password-protected to protect the information on the device in case of theft. Where possible, Techex enables electronic devices to allow the remote blocking or deletion of data in case of theft. Employee’s will not use their personal laptops or computers for Techex business. All necessary members of staff are provided with their own secure login and password, and every computer regularly prompts users to change their password. Where personal information that could be considered private or confidential is taken off the premises, either in electronic or paper format, staff will take extra care to follow the same procedures for security, e.g. keeping devices under lock and key. The person taking the information from Techex premises accepts full responsibility for the security of the data. Before sharing data, all staff members will ensure:
they are allowed to share it
that adequate security is in place to protect it
who will receive the data has been outlined in a privacy notice. Under no circumstances are visitors allowed access to confidential or personal information. Visitors to areas of Techex containing sensitive information are supervised at all times. The physical security of Techex’s buildings and storage systems, and access to them, is reviewed on a termly basis. If an increased risk in vandalism/burglary/theft is identified, extra measures to secure data storage will be put in place. Techex takes its duties under the GDPR seriously and any unauthorised disclosure may result in disciplinary action in accordance with the company handbook
Techex will not publish any personal information, including photos, on its website without the permission of the affected individual. When uploading information to the Techex website or social media, staff are considerate of any metadata or deletions which could be accessed in documents and images on the site.
Unfortunately, the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically and it will be done so at your own risk.
Your personal data will be kept strictly confidential and will not be shared with any third parties unless in relation to a legitimate business purpose, for example, as a customer we may share your information with a relevant channel partner to assist with a specific project or as set out in this privacy policy.
Where Techex discloses personal data to third parties such as our channel partners we require them to adhere to relevant measures to ensure all personal data is protected and securely held.
The Data Controller is responsible for continuity and recovery measures are in place to ensure the security of protected data.
In the event of a personal data breach we have in place procedures to ensure that the effects of such breach are minimised and shall liaise with the ICO and with you as appropriate. All notifiable breaches will be reported to the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours of Techex becoming aware of it.
CCTV
Techex understands that recording images of identifiable individuals constitutes as processing personal information, so it is done in line with data protection principles.  Techex notifies all staff and visitors of the purpose for collecting CCTV in line with the CCTV policy. Cameras are only placed where they do not intrude on anyone’s privacy and are necessary to fulfil their purpose. All CCTV footage will be kept for six months for security purposes; the Data Controller is responsible for keeping the records secure and allowing access.
Your rights
If you ask us to delete your information in accordance with your rights set out below, we will retain basic information on a suppression list to record your request and to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
You have the following rights regarding the processing of your personal data:
The right to be informed about privacy
information - we have done this in our Privacy Policy.
The right to object to the processing of
your personal data based on legitimate interests.
The right to withdraw your consent to
processing at any time. This can be done at any time by yourself by
unsubscribing to email communications or emailing admin@techex.co.uk. This does not affect the lawfulness
of processing based on consent before withdrawal;
The right to request your data is erased
where it is no longer necessary for Techex to retain such data.
The right to port your personal
information in certain circumstances;
The right to lodge a complaint with the UK
regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office, if you have concerns
about how we use your personal information. Please see https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ to find out more.
You have a right to see what information
we hold about you. This is known as Subject Access and can be obtained by
emailing admin@techex.co.uk
Right to rectification - we ensure that
all data that is held is up to date and accurate. You have the right to
have any inaccurate personal data we may hold about you rectified.
Right to restrict processing - you may
consent not to receive marketing communications when you complete any
forms on our website. As a result, we may store your personal data but
will not process it for any reason as we do not have your consent.
Transfer of Data Across Borders
All personal data held is in accordance to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other relevant legislation. Your personal information may be transferred to, and stored in, countries outside of the UK and EU for the purposes in this privacy policy. We will take steps to ensure your personal information is adequately protected in countries outside of the UK and EU. Please contact us if you would like more details on safeguards used by us to protect personal information for these transfers.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy notice where necessary. Please check back frequently to see any changes and where applicable, we will ensure you are informed of any changes that have been made.
Contact Us
If you would like to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy, get in touch with us at admin@techex.co.uk or write to:
Techex Limited Greenwood House London Road Bracknell  RG12 2AA United Kingdom
Updated: May 24th 2018
Techex Limited Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately is most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
When you submit data through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
In order to provide you with a good experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Secure Payment
All of our transactions are encrypted to the highest global standards. Our payment systems are monitored and audited regularly by a world leading Qualified Security Assessors (QSA) with our payment gateway partner being reguarly certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1, so you can be confident our services are completely secure.