http://oneworldhosting.com/policy.html
Home
Hosting
Reselling
Domains
Support
Order
comnetorgmobiacademyagencyasiabargainsbikebizblueboutiquebuildbuzzcacabcameracampcareerscccncentercheapclothingcocodescoffeeco.ukcompanycomputercondosconstructioncontractorscoolcruisesdancedatingdedemocratdiamondsdirectorydomainseducationequipmententerprisesesestateeueventsexpertexposedfarmfloristflightsfoundationgallerygiftglassgraphicsguitarsguruholdingsholidayhouseimmobilieninfoinstituteinternationalitkimkitchenlalandlightinglinklimomaisonmanagementmarketingmenameninjaorg.ukpartnersphotographyphotospicspinkplumbingproductionspropertiesrecipesredrepairrentalsshikshashoessinglessolarsystemstechnologytiendatipstodaytradetvunousvacationsventuresviajesvillasvoyagewatchwikiworksxyzzone
CNET Rated #1 Host - Hosting Since 1998
USER Policy
ONE WORLD HOSTING|AAA DOMAIN REGISTER (OWH|AAA)
WEB HOSTING|DOMAIN NAME SERVICE AGREEMENT & ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
All OWH|AAA customers must abide by the following Terms and Conditions of service:
This Agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of One World Hosting, Inc. ("OWH") or AAA Domain Register ("AAA") for web hosting and/or domain name related services. You certify that you are at least 18 years of age. To become an OWH|AAA account holder, you must read and agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement, the fee schedules on the Online Order forms and any policies that are or may be published by OWH|AAA. This Agreement will become effective when accepted by OWH|AAA. By posting notice 30 days in advance at a web page available on our web site (http://oneworldhosting.com), OWH|AAA may modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the prices of its services, as well as discontinue or change the services offered. You will be bound by the modified Agreement, prices and/or policies if you continue to use the services.
Scope of Services and Your Obligations
1.1. This Agreement defines the terms and conditions of the OWH|AAA services as offered by OWH|AAA and used by you, including the provision of web hosting and domain name services via our servers and connectivity to the Internet (the "Services"). OWH|AAA will provide the Services in exchange for payment of fees and full compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In performing the Services, OWH|AAA maintains control and ownership of any and all Internet protocol ("IP") numbers and addresses that may be assigned to you and reserves the right to change or remove any and all IP numbers and addresses at its sole discretion. OWH|AAA uses the phrase "unlimited resources" to be defined as: "within the limits of the specific server that the hosting account resides on." Calculating this amount also must take into consideration preserving the integrity of all of the servers safe performance parameters and specification.
1.2. As part of the Services, OWH|AAA will also provide your own web-based client record (the "Client Area") containing links to your payment history, summaries of the Services you have chosen, newsletters and other current information.
1.3. You are responsible for producing, electronically uploading and maintaining HTML files, execution scripts, applets and applications (the "Upload Materials") to your website, and you hereby warrant that all Upload Materials shall be owned or properly licensed by you and shall not adversely impact the Services or violate any rights of any third parties. You are responsible for ensuring that all Upload Materials will function properly and as intended. You are responsible for all activity originating from your website, unless proven to be a victim of outside hacking or address forgery. You assume responsibility for all material on your website that may be put on by a third party (such as the usage of Free For All links pages). Use of the Services requires a certain level of knowledge in the use of Internet languages, protocols, and software, which can vary depending on your anticipated use and desired content of your website, and includes, but is not limited to, the following: web publishing requires knowledge of HTML, properly locating and linking documents, FTPing web contents, graphics, text, sound, image mapping, etc.; CGI-scripts requires knowledge of the UNIX environment, tar & gunzip commands, Perl, CShell scripts, permissions, etc.; and mail requires knowledge of use of mail clients to receive and send mail, etc. You acknowledge that you have the necessary knowledge to create, modify and maintain your website. OWH|AAA assumes no responsibility to provide you with such knowledge.
Finally, you are responsible for keeping all applications and associated code up to date with current release versions. Failure to keep applications up to date may result in suspension, forced updates, and other measures as we deem necessary to secure the server.
1.4. In connection with the Services, OWH|AAA may provide for your use certain tools and software, including, but not limited to, certain specialty scripting software and/or certain programming language software for designing websites (collectively, the "Tools"). Access to these Tools may be accessed via your Control Panel. These Tools are copyrighted and proprietary property owned by OWH|AAA. To the extent that such Tools are provided to you, you are granted a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use the Tools in object-code form only for your internal use, solely in connection with the Services provided under this Agreement.
1.5. Every web hosting account with OWH|AAA features a 30-day money back guarantee. If you choose to cancel your account within the first 30 days, we will refund all routine account fees, exclusive of any set up or domain names fees. All fees associated with domain name purchase, lease, renewal or transfer are completely non-refundable. Accounts closed after 30 days do not qualify for refund of any pre-paid fees. To close your account, log into your client area, https://oneworldhosting.com/support/clientarea.php and select My Services. Along the right side of the page you'll see a little green arrow icon - click on that and you'll see the request cancellation link toward the bottom - we request this cancellation process strictly to validate ownership.
1.6.†For server restoration purposes only, OWH|AAA makes full back-ups of websites weekly; however, OWH|AAA makes no guarantees of any kind, either expressed or implied, as to the integrity of these back-ups. You are responsible to maintain local copies of your website. If loss of data occurs due to an error of OWH|AAA, OWH|AAA will attempt to recover the data.Otherwise, OWH|AAA will attempt to recover the data from the most recent archive for a $50 fee.
1.7. OWH|AAA reserves the right to monitor its systems electronically and to access and disclose any information as permitted or required by any law, regulation or other governmental request to operate its systems properly, to protect itself or its accountholders or for any other reason it in good faith deems necessary. OWH|AAA will fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating suspected lawbreakers and reserves the right to report to law enforcement any suspected illegal activity it becomes aware of. It is not OWH|AAA's intention that its Services or facilities be used in contravention of the Communications Decency Act of 1996 (the "CDA") or any other applicable law.
1.8. You agree to comply with the requirements of the CDA and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA") and acknowledge that OWH|AAA is a "service provider" under the DMCA and is therefore immune from liability under the DMCA, including 17 U.S.C. ß 512. Consistent with the DMCA, OWH|AAA will accommodate standard technical measures used to identify and protect copyrighted works, and, as further described herein, OWH|AAA has a policy of terminating accountholders who are copyright infringers.
OWH|AAA DMCA Statement
OWH|AAA is committed to complying with U.S. copyright law and expects all end users who access some of our Services but do not have accounts ("Visitors") as well as those who pay a monthly service fee to subscribe to the Services ("Members") to do the same. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") provides recourse for owners of copyrighted material who believe that their rights under U.S. copyright law have been infringed on the Internet. Under the DMCA, copyright owners may contact the authorized agent of an Internet Service Provider to report alleged infringements of their protected works appearing on web pages hosted by the service provider. Upon receipt of a properly filed complaint satisfying the requirements of the DMCA, One World Hosting will remove or block access to the allegedly infringing material. If a Member or user of the OWH|AAA Service believes in good faith that a notice of copyright infringement has been wrongly filed, such person may submit a counternotice to OWH|AAA. OWH|AAA will not be a party to disputes over alleged copyright infringement.
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
If you believe that a web page hosted by OWH|AAA is violating your rights under U.S. copyright law, you may file a complaint of such claimed infringement with the OWH|AAA designated agent in the manner described below.
By Mail: Chris Noble
One World Hosting, LLC
P.O. Box 880
Worthington, OH 43085
By telephone: 800-642-7157
By email: info@oneworldhosting.com
For your complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must provide the following information when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:
A. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
B. Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed.
C. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled as well as information reasonably sufficient to permit OWH|AAA to locate the material.
D. Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address.
E. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law.
F. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
For more details on the information required for valid notification, see 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3).
You should be aware that, under the DCMA, claimants who make misrepresentations concerning copyright infringement may be liable for damages incurred as a result of the removal or blocking of the material, court costs, and attorneys fees.
Counternotification to Claimed Copyright Infringement
If a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against you, you may file a counternotification with the OWH|AAA designated agent at the address listed above. Such counternotification must contain the following information:
A. A physical or electronic signature.
B. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
C. A statement under penalty of perjury that the Member has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification.
D. Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the federal district in which you are located, and that you will accept service of process from the complainant.
If OWH|AAA receives a valid counternotification, the DMCA provides that the removed material will be restored, or access re-enabled.
Please be advised that U.S. copyright law provides substantial penalties for a false counternotice filed in response to a notice of copyright infringement.
1.9. Websites are unmodified forums containing the personal opinions and other expressions of the persons who post entries on a wide range of topics. Neither the content of websites located on OWH|AAA's servers nor the links to other websites are screened, approved, reviewed or endorsed by OWH|AAA. OWH|AAA is not a publisher of any of the content of websites, or of any content that may be available through the links to and from them, and is acting solely as an Internet web-hosting service provider. The text and other material on such websites are the opinion of the specific author and are not OWH|AAA's statements of advice, opinion or information.
2. Limited Warranty; Limitation of Liability; Indemnification
2.1. Disclaimer of Warranties. You acknowledge that the Services are provided "as is." Neither OWH|AAA, nor any of its employees or agents, warrants that the Services will be uninterrupted, error free or free from viruses or other harmful components. OWH|AAA is not responsible for and hereby disclaims any warranties, either expressed or implied, regarding the quality, accuracy, or validity of the data and/or completeness, noninfringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose of information available on its servers or residing on or passing through its interconnecting networks. Use of information obtained from or through the Services is at your risk. Under no circumstances will OWH|AAA be liable to you or any other person for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information available on its servers or obtained through the Services.
2.2. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL OWH|AAA BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS AND DAMAGES RELATED TO CORRUPTION OR DELETION OF WEBSITE CONTENTS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE OWH|AAA's SERVICES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INOPERABILITY OF OWH|AAA's SERVERS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF OWH|AAA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN WILL ALSO APPLY TO ALL DOMAIN NAME DISPUTES, INVOLVING BOTH NEW DOMAIN REGISTRATIONS AND RENEWALS OR ANY FAILURE TO RENEW. NO EVENT SHALL OWH|AAA's MAXIMUM LIABILITY EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO OWH|AAA FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE PRIOR ONE (1) MONTH or the fees associated with domain name registration.
2.3. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold OWH|AAA and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any third-party claim, action, dispute or demand related to your use of the Services, your violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or from your placement or transmission of any materials or content onto OWH|AAA's servers. Such liabilities may include, but are not limited to, those arising from the following: (a) with respect to your business, (i) infringement or misappropriation of any intellectual property rights; (ii) defamation, libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, or violation of the rights of privacy or publicity; or (iii) spamming, or any other offensive, harassing or illegal conduct or violation of the acceptable uses described herein or anti-spam policy; (b) any damage or destruction to OWH|AAA's equipment or to any other accountholder, which damage is caused by or otherwise results from acts or omissions by you, your representative(s) or your designees; (c) any personal injury or property damage arising out of your activities related to the Services, unless such injury or property damage is caused solely by OWH|AAA's gross negligence or willful misconduct; and (d) any other damage arising from your equipment or your business.
3. Payment of Fees
3.1. OWH|AAA will publish a notice of fee increases 30 days before such increases take effect on the web site. A listing of current monthly and/or annual fees can be found at the http://oneworldhosting.com.
3.2. You agree to provide OWH|AAA with accurate and complete billing information, including your legal name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and applicable payment date and to update this information immediately if any change occurs. You must secure your account with a valid credit card. Payments must be submitted in advance of receiving the Services.
3.3. You acknowledge that OWH|AAA will bill your credit card prior to the Payment Interval you have chosen. You authorize automatic billing by OWH|AAA on an on-going basis during the term of this Agreement. All accounts will be billed at each designated interval (monthly, quarterly, or annually) automatically and without specific notice. You are responsible for terminating account(s) and associated billing except as noted here in cases of violation of OWH|AAA policies. You are responsible for any overdraft or over limit fees that may result if there are insufficient funds in your account to cover your hosting or domain name or related service fees. Further, you authorize OWH|AAA to charge any overdraft or over limit fees to your account.
3.4. Delinquent accounts are those that remain unpaid at the beginning of the next Payment Interval. The Services will be suspended if your account is delinquent, and OWH|AAA will insert a message at your website indicating your suspension that visitors to your website will see. Notwithstanding any other rights OWH|AAA may have in this Agreement, all of your website contents will be destroyed if your account is delinquent for 60 days. OWH|AAA accounts continue to accrue charges while they are delinquent or if the Services are suspended.
3.5. One World Hosting often offers promotions, coupons and special offers to customers during their initial term. Please note that special offers are limited-time promotional prices that are available to new customers and are valid for the Initial Term only, and not for successive or renewal periods. Promotional rates apply to Shared, VPS, or Dedicated hosting plans. Domains and will automatically renew after initial term at regular rate found on our web site.
VAT (Value Added Tax) is not included in our advertised price and will be charged separately where required and itemized on invoices and billing information. Standard VAT rates based on EU Member State regulations may apply.
3.6. The term of this agreement is specified by the user via the order form, and renewal of the term along with associated billing will be done as detailed in section3.3 above.
3.7. You acknowledge responsibility for your account until payment in full is made.
4. Acceptable Uses
4.1. Use and Misuse of the Services. All complaints of abuse, violation and misuse of the Services, whether described in this Section 4 or otherwise, shall be investigated promptly. If you are not sure if your actions will be an abuse, violation or misuse, please ask first: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
You are responsible for all use of your website, with or without your knowledge or consent.
You agree to use the Services only for lawful purposes, in compliance with all applicable laws. Illegality includes, but is not limited to, drug dealing; attempting without authorization to access a computer system; pirating (distributing copyrighted material in violation of copyright law, specifically MP3s, MPEGs, ROMs, and ROM emulators); gambling; schemes to defraud; trafficking in obscene material; sending a message or having content that is obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, or indecent with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass another person; threatening bodily harm or damage to individuals or groups; violating U.S. export restrictions; stalking; or violating other state or federal law, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, or the Economic Espionage Act. Linking to illegal material is also prohibited.
When OWH|AAA becomes aware of possible violations of this Agreement, OWH|AAA may initiate an investigation that may include gathering information from you and the complaining party, if any, and examination of material on OWH|AAA's servers.OWH|AAA, in its sole discretion, will determine what action will be taken in response to a violation on a case-by-case basis. Violations of this Agreement could subject you to criminal or civil liability.
BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO WAIVE AND HOLD OWH|AAA HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS RELATING TO ANY ACTION TAKEN BY OWH|AAA AS PART OF ITS INVESTIGATION OF A SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ITS CONCLUSION THAT A VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT HAS OCCURRED. THIS MEANS THAT YOU CANNOT SUE OR RECOVER ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER FROM OWH|AAA AS A RESULT OF OWH|AAA's DECISION TO REMOVE MATERIAL FROM ITS SERVERS, WARN YOU, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE YOUR ACCOUNT, OR TAKE ANY OTHER ACTION DURING THE INVESTIGATION OF A SUSPECTED VIOLATION OR AS A RESULT OF OWH|AAA's CONCLUSION THAT A VIOLATION HAS OCCURRED. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO ALL VIOLATIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
4.2. Use and Misuse of Materials. Materials in the public domain (e.g., images, text, and programs) may be downloaded or uploaded using the Services. You may also re-distribute materials in the public domain. You assume all risks regarding the determination of whether the material is in the public domain.
You are prohibited from storing, distributing or transmitting any unlawful material through the Services. Examples of unlawful material include, but are not limited to, threats of physical harm, child pornography, and copyrighted, trademarked and other proprietary material used without proper authorization. Pornography and sex-related merchandising, or links to such material, even if legal, are not acceptable uses of OWH|AAA's servers. You may not post, upload or otherwise distribute copyrighted material on OWH|AAA's servers without the consent of the copyright holder.
Unacceptable uses of website content also include the presence of the following programs or the activities associated with them, regardless of whether or not any actual intrusion results in the corruption or loss of data: server broadcast messages or any message sent on an intrusive basis to any directly or indirectly attached network; attempts to circumvent any user authentication or security of host, network, or account; accessing data not intended for user; probing the security of any network; spawning dozens of processes; port scans, ping floods, packet spoofing, and forging router information; denial of service attacks, sniffers, flooding, spoofing, ping bombing, smurfs, winnuke, land and teardrop; promulgation of viruses; and IRC bots, such as eggdrop or BitchX.
OWH|AAA supports free speech on the Internet and will not suspend or cancel your account simply because it disagrees with your views expressed at your website. However, examples of unacceptable activities include posting private information about a person without his or her consent, defaming a person or business, and knowingly making available code that will have a deleterious effect on third-party computers. Where there are allegations that your on-line activity has violated the legal rights of a third party, OWH|AAA will not substitute itself for a court of law in deciding tort claims raised by the third party.
4.3. Email Use. Unacceptable affronts to netiquette and unacceptable activities include, but are not limited to, the following: spamming (sending unsolicited advertising to those with which you have no existing business relationship and posting off-topic advertising in newsgroups); spoofing (using a return email address that is not the valid reply address of the sender or sending an email message that does not contain enough information to enable the recipient to identify you); passive spamming (promoting a website hosted by OWH|AAA by spamming from some other source); trolling (posting controversial messages in newsgroups to generate responses); mailbombing (inundating a user with email without any serious intent to correspond or sending large or multiple files to a user); generating a higher volume of outgoing mail than a normal user (over 10% of available system resources); propagating chain letters; and subscribing someone else to an electronic mailing list without that person's permission. A message is considered unsolicited if it is posted in violation of a newsgroup charter or sent to a recipient who has not requested the message. Making an email address available to the public does not constitute a request to receive messages. Distribution of mass emailing programs is also prohibited. All recipients on a mailing list must have personally subscribed. Mailing lists may not be used to distribute unsolicited email. If you are repeatedly mailbombed or attract such behavior, the Services will be terminated.
You should not send email to any user who does not wish to receive it, either at OWH|AAA or elsewhere. OWH|AAA recognizes that email is an informal medium; however, you must refrain from sending further email to a user after receiving a request to stop.
OWH|AAA reserves the right to zip (compress) any customer email box that exceeds 50 megs in size. Customers with zipped boxes will be notified and instructed on how to access or download their zipped email files. If zipped boxes remain unaccessed for 30 days OWH|AAA reserves the right to delete the email box.
You may not alter the headers of email messages to disguise their identity or to prevent users from responding to the messages. OWH|AAA may disclose the usernames of accounts responsible for forged email messages to system administrators or users requesting the information.
Violations of the OWH|AAA policies outlined herein can sometimes result in massive numbers of email responses. If you receive so much email that OWH|AAA resources are affected, OWH|AAA staff may shut down your mailbox.
OWH|AAA reserves the right to subscribe to multiple RBLs (real-time blocking lists) and other server-wide spam and virus fighting measures we deem necessary to automatically block known open SMTP relays and known spamming relays. As per Section 2, OWH|AAA will not be liable for any costs or damages associated with any failure to receive legitimate email due to our spam fighting procedures. Clients do have the option to request relocation of their service to a non-RBL configured server by contacting OWH|AAA support.
4.4. System Security. You are prohibited from utilizing the Services to compromise the security of system resources or accounts on servers at OWH|AAA or at any other site. Use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security or containing viruses or trojans are prohibited. Examples of these tools include, but are not limited to, password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools.
If you are involved in violations of system security, OWH|AAA reserves the right to release all usernames of users involved in such violations to system administrators at other sites in order to assist them in resolving security incidents. OWH|AAA will also fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating suspected lawbreakers.
4.5. System Resources. System abuse includes any use of OWH|AAA resources that disrupts the normal use of its servers or services for others. Examples of system abuse include running excessive numbers of processes or consuming excessive amounts of CPU time, memory or disk space.
Any usage of 10% or more of OWH|AAA's system resources is an undue burden on OWH|AAA's system and is unacceptable. If your usage ever exceeds 10% of system resources, your account may be terminated immediately and without prior notice.
Further, running programs in the background on a OWH|AAA server without OWH|AAA's prior written authorization, or running chat rooms, Internet Relay Chat, IRC bots, more then 1,000 emails a day and the like are not acceptable uses of OWH|AAA's servers.
Due to their use of flat files instead of databases, One World does not allow the use of UBB or YABB bulletin boards. Use of these boards for large or very active forums may result in system performance degradation, and cannot be allowed in our shared server environment. One World suggests using VBulletin or phpBB as more efficient, database-driven alternatives to these bulletin boards.
5. WH|AAA's Right to Terminate Agreement
(a) OWH|AAA reserves the right to suspend or terminate the Services to you and remove or prevent access to any material from your website at any time, without prior notice or liability, for any conduct that OWH|AAA, in its sole discretion, believes violates this Agreement or is otherwise harmful to OWH|AAA's interests or the interests of other accountholders.
(b) OWH|AAA also reserves the right to comply with the take-down provisions of the DMCA and to seek injunctive, declaratory, interpleader or other judicial or equitable relief (and, pending such action, to suspend all access to your website) if any third-party claim is made that your website content or use violates any of the acceptable uses or your obligations or representations described in this Agreement.
6. Arbitration; Governing Law
6.1. Except for OWH|AAA's compliance with take-down provisions of the DMCA or injunctive or other equitable actions initiated by OWH|AAA pursuant to Section 5(b), if any controversy or dispute arises in connection with this Agreement, the Services or your use of OWH|AAA's servers, such controversy or dispute shall first be presented for resolution by OWH|AAA and you. If no resolution is reached within 7 days thereafter, then such controversy or dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration in Columbus, Ohio, under the then-current rules of commercial arbitration of the American Arbitration Association. Each party shall select an arbitrator with expertise in computer law and the Internet, and these two arbitrators shall select the third arbitrator with such expertise. The validity, terms, performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be governed and construed by its provisions and in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio (without regard to conflicts of laws principles).
6.2. You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Columbus, Ohio, for any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to Section 5(b) of this Agreement and the arbitration contemplated by this Section 7.
7. Domain name policies
All domains registered or leased from OWH|AAA are bound by the following Domain Name Guidelines, Policies, and Registration Agreements:
This Registration Agreement ("Registration Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of " OWH|AAA" domain name registration services to register an Internet domain name, as well as your registration of that domain name. To complete the registration process, you must acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement, the accompanying dispute policy and any rules or policies that are or may be published by OWH|AAA from time to time. This Agreement will become effective when accepted by OWH|AAA. OWH|AAA may elect to accept or reject your domain name registration application for any reason at its sole discretion, such rejection including, but not limited to, rejection due to a request for registration of a prohibited domain name.
Special Additions for All New Domain Name Plus Accounts:
All New Domain Name Plus Accounts have access to a control panel provided by OWH|AAA as well as access to the use of many account features provided by OWH|AAA. Because of this all New Domain Name Plus Accounts are also subject to the OWH|AAA WEB HOSTING SERVICE AGREEMENT & ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
7.1. Association
OWH|AAA is an agent of an accredited registrar with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"). All domain name registrations we register for are not effective until we have delivered the domain name registration information you provide us to the relevant registry administrator, as applicable, and the registry administrator puts into effect your domain name registration.
You agree and acknowledge that OWH|AAA is not liable or responsible in any way for any errors, omissions or any other actions by the registry administrator arising out of or related to your application and receipt of, or failure to receive, a domain name registration.
You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the registry administrator and its directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) arising out of, or related to, your domain name registration.
7.2. Fees
As consideration for the domain name registration services provided by AAA Domain Register to you, you agree to pay OWH|AAA, prior to the effectiveness of the desired domain name registration, the then-current amounts set forth in the OWH|AAA price schedule for the initial registration of the domain name and, should you choose to renew the registration, the then-current amounts set forth in the OWH|AAA price schedule for any subsequent renewals of the registration. To view the current rates for using the OWH|AAA domain name services, please see the OWH|AAA FAQ. All fees are non-refundable, in whole or in part, even if your domain name registration is suspended, cancelled or transferred prior to the end of your then current registration term. OWH|AAA reserves the right to change fees, surcharges, renewal fees or to institute new fees at any time, for any reason, at its sole discretion.
Your requested domain name will not be registered unless we receive actual payment of the registration or renewal fee.
In the event of a charge back by a credit card company (or similar action by another payment provider allowed by us) in connection with the payments of the registration or renewal fee for your domain name registration, you agree and acknowledge that the domain name registration shall be transferred to OWH|AAA as the paying entity for that registration to the registry and that we reserve all rights regarding such domain name including, without limitation, the right to make the domain name available to other parties for purchase. We will reinstate your domain name registration solely at our discretion, and subject to our receipt of the initial registration or renewal fee and our then-current reinstatement fee, currently set at US$250.00.
You will be notified thirty (30) days prior to when a renewal fee is due. Should a renewal fee go unpaid within the time specified in a second notice or reminder regarding renewal, your registration will be cancelled. Payment must be made by credit card or such other method as we may indicate in the registration application or renewal form. We will renew your name for you for the term specified provided your credit card or other billing information is available and up to date, unless you instruct us otherwise within the time specified. If your billing information is not accurate and you wish to renew your domain name registration, we will contact you to update this information and charge you accordingly.
7.3. Dispute Policy
You agree to be bound by the current OWH|AAA Domain Name Dispute Policy ("Dispute Policy") which is incorporated into this Agreement by reference. The Dispute Policy can be found at http://www.aaadomainregister.com/dispute.html. Any disputes regarding the right to use your domain name will be subject to the Dispute Policy. OWH|AAA may modify the Dispute Policy in its sole discretion at any time. Your continued designation of OWH|AAA as the registrar of your domain name after modification to the Dispute Policy becomes effective constitutes your acceptance of those modifications. You agree that you will be subject to the provisions specified in the Dispute Policy in effect at the time a third party challenges your domain name.
7.4. Use of Your Information
As part of the registration process, you are required to provide certain information and to update this information to keep it current, complete and accurate. This information includes (i) your full name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and fax number if available; (ii) the name of an authorized person for contact purposes in the case of a registrant that is an organization, association, or corporation; (iii) the IP addresses of the primary nameserver and any secondary nameservers for the domain name; (iv) the corresponding names of those nameservers; (v) the full name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and fax number if available of the technical contact for the domain name; (vi) the full name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and fax number if available of the administrative contact for the domain name; (vii) the name, postal address, e-mail address, voice telephone number, and fax number if available of the zone contact for the domain name; and (viii) any remark concerning the registered domain name that should appear in the Whois data.
You acknowledge that willfully providing inaccurate information or willfully failing to update information promptly will constitute a material breach of this Agreement and will be a basis for cancellation of your domain name. If you license use of a domain name to a third party, you are nonetheless the holder of record of the domain name and are responsible for providing your own full contact information and for providing and updating accurate technical, administrative, and zone contact information.
You acknowledge that OWH|AAA will make some of the information that you provide during the registration process publicly available as required by ICANN. Additionally, you acknowledge that ICANN may impose guidelines, limits and/or requirements that relate to the amount and type of information that OWH|AAA may or must make available to the public or to private entities. Additionally, as further consideration for the services provided by OWH|AAA, we may disclose such information to other third parties. You may request a copy of your information in OWH|AAA's possession to review, modify or update such information.
7.5. Use Policies
You agree to use your domain name only in accordance with applicable laws.
7.6. Agents and Licenses
You agree that if your domain name is registered on your behalf by anyone acting as your agent (e.g., an Internet Service Provider, employee, etc.), you are nonetheless bound as a principal by all terms and conditions provided herein, including the Dispute Policy.
You agree that if you license the use of your domain name to a third party, you re-main the domain name holder, and remain responsible for all obligations under this Agreement.
7.7. Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT OWH|AAA WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY LOSS THAT MAY OCCUR DUE TO (A) ANY LOSS OF REGISTRATION OF A DOMAIN NAME, (B) THE USE OF YOUR DOMAIN NAME, (C) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO OWH|AAA‚S REGISTRATION SYSTEM; (D) THE NON-DELIVERY OR MISDELIVERY OF DATA BETWEEN YOU AND OWH|AAA; (E) EVENTS BEYOND OWH|AAA'S REASONABLE CONTROL; (F) THE PROCESSING OF YOUR APPLICATION; (G) THE PROCESSING OF ANY MODIFICATION TO THE RECORD ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR DOMAIN NAME, (H) THE FAILURE OF YOU OR YOUR AGENT TO PAY ANY FEES HEREUNDER; OR (I) THE APPLICATION OF THE DISPUTE POLICY. FURTHER, OWH|AAA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF OWH|AAA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OWH|AAA'S MAXIMUM LIABILITY EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00 USD). BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES, OUR LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
7.8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless OWH|AAA, its affiliates and business partners, and any applicable domain name registry, including without limitation Network Solutions, Inc., and the directors, officers, employees and agents of each of them, from and against any and all claims, actions, losses, damages, expenses and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, arising out of or relating to (i) your domain name registration, (ii) any breach by you of this Agreement, including the Dispute Policy, or (iii) any third party claim, action, or demand related to your domain name or the use thereof.
7.9. Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant that all information provided by you in connection with your registration is complete and accurate and that you have full capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement. OWH|AAA makes no representations or warranties of any kind in connection with this Agreement. OWH|AAA does not represent or warrant that registration of your domain name will immunize you from challenges to your domain name.
7.10. Breach and Revocation
You must remedy any breach of your obligations under this Agreement within 30 days after notice by OWH|AAA. If you fail to cure the breach within such period, OWH|AAA shall have the right in its sole discretion to delete, revoke, suspend, transfer or otherwise modify your registration of the domain name.
You also agree that OWH|AAA shall have the right in its sole discretion to delete, revoke, suspend, transfer or otherwise modify a domain name registration at such time as OWH|AAA receives a properly authenticated order from a court of competent jurisdiction, or arbitration award, requiring the deletion, revocation, suspension, transfer or modification of the domain name registration.
7.11. Right of Refusal
OWH|AAA, in its sole discretion, reserves the right (i) to refuse to register or reserve your chosen domain name and (ii) to provide any other service requested. Further, OWH|AAA reserves the right to delete your domain name within thirty (30) days after receipt by OWH|AAA of payment for such services, or the date of registration of your domain name, if later. In the event that we do not register or reserve your domain name or provide other requested services, or we delete your domain name within such thirty (30) day period, we agree to refund your applicable fees paid. You agree that OWH|AAA shall not be liable to you for any loss or damages that may result from our refusal to provide any such services, or the deletion of your domain name.
7.12. Governing Law
This Agreement, your rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of Ohio, as if the Agreement was a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within the State of Ohio. Any action to enforce this Agreement or any matter relating to your use of the OWH|AAA site shall be brought exclusively in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio or in the state courts of Franklin County, Ohio.
7.13. Modifications to Agreement
During the term of this Agreement, you agree that OWH|AAA may revise, amend or modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the Dispute Policy. Any such change will be binding and effective immediately on the date on which the revised Agreement is posted on our web site at http://www.aaadomainregister.com/dispute.html, or on which notification of such changes is sent to you by e-mail or United States mail, as applicable. You agree to review OWH|AAA‚s web site periodically to keep track of any such changes to the Agreement. Such changes will remain binding on you until such time as OWH|AAA is no longer the registrar of your domain name. If any such change constitutes a materially adverse change to you, you may change the term of this Agreement.
Except as otherwise expressly provided above, no provision of this Agreement, including the Dispute Policy, may be amended or modified by you except by means of a written document signed by OWH|AAA.
7.14. General
This Agreement, including without limitation the fee schedule and the Dispute Policy, together with all amendments or modifications to any of them, constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between you and OWH|AAA, and supersedes and governs all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.
If your domain name is parked on OWH|AAA's servers but not in active use, you agree that OWH|AAA may point such domain name to an under construction or registered or reserved style page designated by OWH|AAA until you request otherwise.
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties. The failure of OWH|AAA to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver by OWH|AAA of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole. OWH|AAA will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, the original objectives and intent of OWH|AAA as reflected in the original provision. All provisions of sections 1 through 14 of this Agreement shall survive the termination or other expiration of this Agreement.
8. Domain Name Lease Agreement
OWH|AAA offers select owned domain names on a term lease basis. The terms of the lease agreement are listed below.
8.1. Lease
The Lessor shall lease to the Lessee and the Lessee shall lease from the Lessor the domain name [DOMAIN, noted below] (ìthe Domain Nameî) for the term and at the rental payable per the ordered service and on the terms and conditions
8.2. Term
The term of this Lease shall be for a period of one (1) or three (3) years, per the ordered service, commencing on receipt of this signed contract.
8.3. Rental
The Lessee shall pay the rental for the Domain Name per the ordered service to the Lessor as follows:
(a) rental payments shall be paid without deduction whatsoever by 12 equal monthly payments in advance on the 1st day of each month during the term of this Lease with the first payment falling due on receipt of this signed contract.
(b) applicable sales tax(es) will be added where required by law.
8.4. Conclusion of term, and right of first refusal
Upon conclusion of the lease term, Lessee shall have the first right of refusal to extend the contract for another one (1) or three (3) year period. A new contract document will be signed at the time of renewal identifying any changed elements. Absent any competing offers, the rental rate will rise not more than 10%. In addition, upon conclusion of the lease term, and in the presence of a competing offer for the lease or purchase of the Domain Name, Lessee shall have the first right of refusal to match any outstanding offer, whether for lease or purchase.
8.5. Place of Payment
The Lessee shall make all payments directly to the Lessor [by credit card, or PayPal for monthly payments, and check pay ONLY for annual prepayments] within the billing function of the client account associated with the order at https://oneworldhosting.com/support/clientarea.php.
8.6. Ownership of Domain Name
(a) The Lessor retains full title to the Domain Name notwithstanding the Lease of the same to the Lessee subject only to the rights of the Lessee as a mere bailee of the Domain Name with the right only to use the Domain Name in accordance with the terms of this Lease.
(b) The Lessee acknowledges that no option provided or representation, either express or implied written or oral has been made by or on behalf of the Lessor to the Lessee that the Domain Name may be purchased from the Lessor by the Lessee or by any nominee of the Lessee at any time.
8.7. Lesseeís Compliance
The Lessee, in its use of the Domain Name, shall comply with all applicable laws whether state, provincial, federal, national or international which apply to the use by the Lessee of the Domain Name.
8.8. Indemnity
The Lessee shall indemnify and save harmless the Lessor against all damages, losses or liabilities which may arise in respect of the Domain Name or its use or operation by the Lessee or by any other party.
8.1. Default
(a) The Lessor and the Lessee agree that each of the following events amounts to a default by the Lessee under this Lease:
(i) if the Lessee fails to pay any rental payment or other amount payable under this Lease on the due date for payment;
(ii) the Lessee fails to perform or observe any of the covenants or provisions of this Lease on the part of the Lessee to be performed or observed;
(iii) if a writ of execution is issued against the Lesseeís property under a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction;
(iv) if a distress warrant is issued against the Lesseeís property under a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction;
(v) If the Lessee becomes bankrupt or if the Lessee makes an assignment or composition with the Lesseeís creditors or if the Lessee is a body corporate and a resolution is passed or a petition filed for the winding up of the Lessee other than for the purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation or if the Lessee becomes subject to the appointment of a receiver.
(b) In the event default occurs, the Lessor may immediately or at any time thereafter without giving any notice to the Lessee re-take possession of the Domain Name and terminate this Lease Agreement but without releasing the Lessee from any liability in respect of any breach or nonobservance of any of the provisions contained or implied in this Lease and without prejudice to the Lessorís right to retain all money paid to the Lessor pursuant to this Lease and the Lessorís right to claim damages pursuant to subparagraph (c) below.
(c) If this Lease is terminated for any reason other than its due fulfillment by the Lessee or other than with the express consent of the Lessor in writing then without prejudice to its other rights at law or in equity the Lessor may at any time demand immediate payment of all of the following:
(i) All arrears of rent and other money then due and payable by the Lessee under the Lease.
(ii) The Lessorís loss on the Lease to be notified by the Lessor to the Lessee.
(iii) All costs and expenses incurred by the Lessor enforcing this agreement.
(iv) Interest on all money payable under this provision from the date of termination, the date of payment at the rate of 3% per year above the [bank] prime lending rate at the date of termination.
8.10. Invalidity or Severability
If any Article, Section, paragraph or provision of this Agreement is determined to be void or unenforceable in whole or in part, it shall not affect or impair the validity or enforcement of any other provision of this Agreement. Any provisions of this Agreement which are or may be rendered invalid, unenforceable or illegal, shall be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, unenforceability or illegality, without affecting the validity, enforceability or legality of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, it being the intent and purpose that this Agreement should survive and be valid to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. For greater certainty, this Agreement shall be read as if the invalid, unenforceable or illegal provision had never formed part hereof, and a ìprovisionî for these purposes shall include the smallest severable portion of sections, paragraphs or clauses, or sentences contained therein, and not, unless the context absolutely requires, the whole thereof.
8.11. Waiver
No party to this Agreement shall be deemed to have waived any of its rights, powers or remedies under this Agreement unless such waiver is expressly set forth in writing. No consent or waiver, express or implied, by a party of any breach or default by the other party in the performance of such other party of its obligations shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by such other party of the same or any other obligations under this Agreement of such other party. Failure on the part of a party to complain of any act or failure to act of another party or to declare another party in default, irrespective of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by the first mentioned party of its rights under this Agreement.
8.12. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ohio and the parties hereby attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of [jurisdiction].
8.13. Notices
All notices required or permitted to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be delivered by hand to the party for which it is intended, or sent by telex, fax, telegram, electronic email or other form of transmitted or electronic message or sent by prepaid courier directly to such party at the following addresses, respectively:
If to Lessor:
P.O. Box 880
Worthington, Ohio 43085
PayPal address: billing@oneworldhosting.com
Fax number: 614-559-6536
If to Lessee: address as per One World Hosting client record or at such other address as either party may stipulate by notice to the other. Any notice delivered by hand or prepaid courier or sent by facsimile or electronic email shall be deemed to be received on the date of actual delivery thereof. Any notice so sent by telex, telegram or similar form of transmitted message shall be deemed to have been received on the next day following transmission.
9. Miscellaneous
You may not assign your rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of OWH|AAA, which may be withheld at OWH|AAA's discretion. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties. The failure of OWH|AAA to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the right to require such performance thereafter; nor shall the waiver by OWH|AAA of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. Any action for any claim arising under, or in connection with, this Agreement must be commenced by you within one year after the alleged cause of action has accrued or after the date of termination of this Agreement, whichever is earlier. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is deemed unenforceable or invalid, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement. Such provision may be amended or replaced with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, the original objectives and intent of the parties as reflected in the original provision. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified by you except by means of a written document signed or expressly assented to by OWH|AAA. All terms and conditions of this Agreement that should by their nature survive termination of this Agreement shall so survive. This Agreement and the Online Order form, together with all amendments or modifications to any of them, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between you and OWH|AAA and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.
10. Dedicated Servers and root access
Client may install or permit others to install, any operating, or Internet connectivity software, or interfaces, enhancements or upgrades thereto or to the Software, on the Server. Failure to permit upgrades to the installed customized versions of certain third party software or Client alterations made to certain third party software including Apache, PHP (including building support into Apache Linux Kernel upgrades), system libraries, or MySQL upgrades may adversely affect server performance. Any and all costs for work required to remedy corruption to data, damage to Hardware or Software, or other harm resulting from installation, modification or deletion of any software or other files by Client shall be Clientís sole responsibility, and Client shall indemnify OWH|AAA in full for same. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Client agrees that installation, modification or deletion of files that results in or contributes in any way to any outage or damage to any Hardware, Software or Services shall result in liability to Client for technical support costs at a rate of $150 per hour until the issue caused by the activity is resolved to OWH|AAAís sole satisfaction. Under no circumstances shall OWH|AAA be required to provide any support with respect to any software or other files installed, modified or deleted by Client with or without OWH|AAAís consent.
Client shall comply, and shall cause all Client Customers or other third parties gaining access to the Hardware or Software through Client to comply, with OWH|AAA's then-current acceptable use and privacy policies (collectively, "User Policy"), as they may reasonably be amended by OWH|AAA from time to time and which are available through OWH|AAA's Web site at http://www.oneworldhosting.com/support/policy.html. In the event of any conflict between such Acceptable Use Policies and any terms and conditions of this Agreement, this Agreement shall govern. OWH|AAA reserves the right to lock out, suspend or shut down any domains or Web sites that violate any Acceptable Use Policy.
Please note that backup practices differ with dedicated servers depending on the type of service purchased. See the Dedicated Server web page for more details.
OWH|AAA has a responsibility to ensure that each of our clients is provided with the best services we have available. While we back up files continuously, we are in no way responsible for the archiving of a site. It is the sole responsibility of the site creator to copy, back-up or archive all files that constitute a web site.
11. Consent to contract electronically
By clicking any OWH|AAA order form "Submit Order" button, you agree to be bound by and to comply with this Agreement just as if you had signed it, and clicking the "Submit Order" button is the legal equivalent of your signature on a written contract.
The following guidelines also apply:
Content All services provided by OWH|AAA may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data, or material in violation of any United States Federal, State, or City law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene or material protected by trade secret and other statute. The subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold harmless OWH|AAA from any claims resulting from the use of the service, which damages the subscriber or any other party.
Pornography and sex-related merchandising is prohibited on all OWH|AAA servers. This includes sites that may infer sexual content or links to adult content elsewhere. OWH|AAA will be the sole arbiter in determining violations of this provision.
Also prohibited are sites that promote any illegal activity or present content that may be damaging to OWH|AAA servers or any other server on the Internet.
Links to such materials are also prohibited.
Examples of unacceptable content or links:
Pirated software
Hacker programs or archives
Warez sites
OWH|AAA will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.
Free Domain Name For Life offer/New Domain Names
The One World Free Domain Name for Life offer is valid for as long as you are a OWH|AAA customer. If the account is canceled at any time during the first year the fee for the domain name will be charged. Domain names are your property upon registration, and cannot be returned for refund. Owners of domain names obtained through OWH|AAA will be contacted prior to the expiration of the domain name, and offered the opportunity to renew the regsitration for a one year period. Contact will be made to the email address(es) as entered by the owner at original account signup. Responsibility for renewing any domain name lies exclusively with the owner.
Changing primary account domain name, $10.00
There is a one-time fee of $10 for replacing an existing account domain name with another domain name, whether from spelling error(s) or other purposes.
Changing account type, $10.00
There is a one-time fee of $10 for changing an existing account type: as in changing a Resold account to a Stand-Alone (also called Master or Main) account, or vice-versa. This includes changing any account to a Master or Main account from any other type.
Chargeback fee, $25.00
There is a fee of $25 for credit card chargebacks, returned or refused checks, or any other form of refused, returned, or denied payment.
Unsuspension fee, $10.00 There is a fee of $10 automatically applied to all suspended accounts which must be paid in order to have accounts unsuspended. Traffic / Hits /
To maintain the integrity of our service, the following will be considered violation of our Acceptable Use Policy, subject to immediate suspension:
Sites offering download files. (This is any site where 20% or more of their monthly traffic is from file downloads)
Sites using more than 20% of system resources.
OWH|AAA will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision
Commercial Advertising | Email- Spamming, or the sending of unsolicited email, from an OWH|AAA server or using an email address or domain that is maintained on an OWH|AAA machine as reference is STRICTLY prohibited. OWH|AAA will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.
Chat Rooms - We do not allow clients to install their own chat rooms. These tend to be a large drain on system resources and we cannot allow it as an account option
Background Running Programs - We may allow programs to run continually in the background. These are considered on a case-by-case basis and an extra charge will be incurred based on system resources used and operational maintenance needed.
IRC - We currently do not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated on our servers.
Domain Pointing - Domain pointers are to be used for the purpose of having more than one way to find the same site, not for the purposes of sharing an account among multiple sites. A domain pointer may not be set up to reference a subdirectory within an existing Web hosting account served by OWH|AAA or any other provider.
Server Abuse - Any attempt to undermine or cause harm to a server, or customer, of OWH|AAA is strictly prohibited, and will result in immediate termination or prosecution.
Refusal of Service - We reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or suspend service at our sole discretion.
Billing Problems and Termination Accounts paid by credit cards which are rejected by our online card processor are grounds for termination. If you need to replace your credit card info you can call our 800-642-7157 number (please have your username and password handy) or use the secure update link within your account Client Area. Because of the risk of credit card fraud, any account which offers two bad credit cards within any 6 month period will be subject to immediate termination.
All Sub-Networks, distributive hosting sites and dedicated servers of OWH|AAA must adhere to the above policies. Failure to follow any term or condition will be grounds for immediate account deactivation without refund.
Hosting
Hosting Plans
Mobile Web Site
Reselling
Email Hosting
Virtual Private Server - VPS
Affiliate and Referral
Domain
Domain Renewal
Manage Your Domain
Free Domain Services
Private WHOIS
Domains for Lease
Domains for Sale
Support
Open a Ticket
SPAM Fighter
FAQ
Contact Us
About Us
User Policies
Client AREA LOGIN
Username:
Password:
Support:
800-642-7157 † 24/7/365
Home
Hosting
Reselling
Domains
Support
Order Now
© ONE WORLD HOSTING | AAA DOMAIN REGISTER
Hosting Web Sites Since 1998 | Privacy Policy