http://onlinehelp.opswat.com/policies/OPSWAT_Cookies_Policy.html
OPSWAT, INC. TERMS OF SERVICE
3rd Party EULA
End of Sale and End of Support for On-Site OPSWAT Products
End of Sale and End of Support Announcement for MetaDefender Client
OPSWAT, INC. COMMUNITY TERMS OF SERVICE
OPSWAT GDPR FAQ
OPSWAT Privacy Policy
Central Management Privacy Policy
Change History for OPSWAT Privacy Policy
Contact Us Privacy Policy
MetaAccess Privacy Policy
MetaDefender Cloud Privacy Policy
MetaDefender Privacy Policy
OPSWAT, INC. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE - Non-Workforce
OPSWAT, INC. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE - Workforce
OPSWAT.com Privacy Policy
OPSWAT Academy Privacy Policy
OPSWAT Amazon.com Online Store Privacy Policy
OPSWAT Cookies Policy
OPSWAT Mobile App Privacy Policy
Portal Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 16 May 2018
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed onto your computer or device as you browse the Internet. Cookies can be used to collect, store and share bits of information about your activities across websites, including on OPSWAT Sites and Cloud Applications that link to this Policy (“Site/Application” and "Sites/Applications"). They also allow Us to remember things about Your visit to our Sites/Applications, such as your preferred language and other choices/settings and generally make Our Sites/Applications easier for You to use.
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie is used to identify a particular visit to an OPSWAT Site/Application. These cookies expire after a short time, or when you close Your web browser following use our Websites or applications. We use these cookies to identify You during a single browsing session, such as when You log into an OPSWAT Site/Application. A persistent cookie will remain on your devices for a set period of time specified in the cookie. We use these cookies where we need to identify you over a longer period of time. For example, we would use a persistent cookie if you ask that we keep you signed into a particular Site/Application.
OPSWAT use cookies and similar technologies?
OPSWAT uses cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, browser cookies, pixel tags, or local shared objects (“flash cookies”), to deliver, measure, and improve our services in various ways.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Category of use
Examples
How we use
Authentication and security
sso
mdn_anonymous_id
To remember your device and it's session ID when you use that device to log into an OPSWAT Site/Application.
To protect your security; and to ensure a session you have initiated with an OPSWAT Site/Application is processed by the same back-end server from start of session to end of session. For example, these technologies help authenticate Your access to an OPSWAT Site/Application and prevent unauthorized parties from accessing your accounts.
Preferences
redirect
To remember information about the browser and preferences you have selected for that browser on the device You use to access an OPSWAT Site/Application; and
To remember settings and other choices you have made on that device.
For example, cookies help us remember your preferred language or the country that You are connecting from. We can then provide content in Your preferred language without having to ask you each time you visit an OPSWAT Site/Application.
Analytics and research
hubspotutk
__hssc
__hssrc
__hstc
messagesUtk
_ga
_gid
_gac_<property-id>
To help us improve and understand how people use an OPSWAT Site/Application.
To store campaign related information for the user.
For example, cookies help us test different versions of
our Sites/Applications to see which particular features or content users prefer. We may include web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics. We might also optimize and improve your experience on our Sites/Applications by using cookies to see how you interact with our Websites, such as when and how often you use them and what links you click on.
Session State
JSESSIONID
To remember the back-end server that processed your request and ensure all the requests within one session is directed and processed by the same back-end server. This
helps us improve our services, in order to improve your browsing experience.
How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We are planning to enhance our cookie tool to allow users to more easily change their cookie settings after their initial choice.
Questions
If you have any questions about our use of cookies,
please contact us
by either going to https://go.opswat.com/myuserright and follow the steps described there or sending postal mail to: OPSWAT
, P.O. Box 77878, San Francisco, CA.
OPSWAT Amazon.com Online Store Privacy Policy
OPSWAT Mobile App Privacy Policy