https://opcfoundation.org/privacy-policy/
About What is OPC?OPC TechnologiesUnified Architecture (UA)UA RoadmapUA Companion SpecificationsClassicOPC FoundationMission StatementHistoryOrganizationExpertsWorking GroupsOPC-F Working GroupsJoint Working GroupsGuidelines and TemplatesOPC Code of ConductSponsoring / AdvertisingContact UsMembership MembersBenefitsBecome a MemberProducts All ProductsCertified ProductsCertification Overview & BenefitsHow to CertifySpecificationsTest ToolsPurchase Test ToolInteroperability WorkshopsMarkets & CollaborationResources BooksMultimediaPodcastCase StudiesTechnology ArticlesBrochuresWhitepapersWikiSecuritySpecificationsUnified ArchitectureOPC UA Information ModelsClassicCertificationSamples and ToolsUnified ArchitectureClassicIssue TrackingSharePoint AccessOnline ReferenceForumNews & Events OPC Foundation NewsOPC Foundation EventsOPC Foundation WebinarsOPC Connect NewslettersPress Releases OPC Foundation Privacy PolicyAt OPC Foundation, we respect your privacy. We want to ensure that you get the information, content, and experiences that matter most to you. OPC Foundation is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, customers, volunteers, and other contacts.ScopeThis privacy policy applies to all personal data (in this privacy policy also referred to as personal information) processed by full-time and part-time employees, volunteers when acting on behalf of OPC Foundation, contractors and partners doing business on behalf of OPC Foundation, as well as all legal entities, all operating locations in all countries, and all business processes conducted by OPC Foundation.Information collectedWhat information do we collect? OPC Foundation collects the following personal data in line with the use purposes explained in a subsequent section:Your name and contact details, such as physical address, email address, telephone number;Purchasing and payment information for your purchases and your credit card information;Information on files downloaded from the OPC Foundation website;Registration and participation in OPC Foundation events and activities;Information collected by cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy;Location information;Other information you upload or provide to us.You are not obliged to provide your personal data to us. However, in some cases it might be necessary that you provide your personal data to us to enter into a contract with us or to use some of our servicesHow do we use your information and which are the legal bases? OPC Foundation uses (and, where specified, shares) your personal information for the following purposes and on the following legal bases:To process transactions. OPC Foundation uses personal information such as name, physical address, telephone number, email address, and company/institution to engage in interactions with you, including contacting you about your order, subscription, event participation, or membership. We use financial/credit card and payment information to process your order and may need to share some of this information with delivery services, credit card clearing houses, and other third parties to complete the transaction. We process your data for these purposes to perform the contracts we have with you.To provide support or other services. OPC Foundation may use your personal information to provide you with support or other services that you have ordered or requested. OPC Foundation may also use your personal information to respond directly to your requests for information, including registrations for newsletters, webinars, or other specific requests, or pass your contact information to the appropriate OPC Foundation partners for further follow-up related to your interests. For these purposes we process your data because it is our legitimate interest to maintain our relations with our current and potential customers, partners and members.To provide information based on your needs and respond to your requests. OPC Foundation may use your personal information to provide you with notices of new events and service developments provided you have consented to receive such notifications.To provide online forums and social networks. Some services available on the websites permit you to participate in interactive discussions, post comments, opportunities, or other content to a bulletin board or exchange, or otherwise engage in networking activities. Some of these services are moderated; all may be accessed for technical reasons (for example, for improvements or fixes). OPC Foundation does not control the content that users post to these forums or social networks. You should carefully consider whether you wish to submit personal information to these forums or social networks and tailor any content you submit appropriately and in accordance with the relevant terms of use. You should also review any additional terms and conditions that may govern your use of these services, including terms related to sharing your personal information and receiving communications. As far as we process any of your data for these purposes it is for our legitimate interest to stay in contact with you.To administer products. OPC Foundation may contact you if you registered for events to confirm certain information about your order (for example, that you did not experience problems during the registration process). In this case we process your information to perform our contract we have with you. We may also use this information to confirm compliance with licensing and other terms of use and may share it with your company/institution which is a legitimate interest of us.To select content, improve quality, and facilitate use of the websites. OPC Foundation uses your personal information, including the information gathered as a result of site navigation and electronic protocols and cookies (including third-party cookies), to help create and personalize website content, improve website quality, track marketing campaign responsiveness, evaluate page response rates, conduct usability testing, and facilitate your use of the websites (for example, to facilitate navigation and the login process, avoid duplicate data entry, enhance security, keep track of shopping cart additions, and preserve order information between sessions). This supports our legitimate interest to strengthen your relationship with you and further develop our business.To serve personalized advertising to you. We don’t share your information with advertisers without your consent. We allow advertisers to choose the characteristics of users who will see their advertisements, and we may use any of the non-personally-identifiable attributes we have collected to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements. When you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, there is a possibility that the advertiser may place a cookie in your browser and that your attributes meet the criteria the advertiser selected.To assess usage of OPC Foundation products and services. OPC Foundation tracks your downloads from the OPC Foundation website to determine your usage and the acceptance of the license agreement associated with each download. We may send you an e-mail based on the files you downloaded (for example, to notify you of a security patch to software). We assess your usage of our website to provide better services to you in the future.To communicate with you about a meeting, conference, or event. We may communicate with you about a meeting, conference, or event hosted or co-sponsored by OPC Foundation or one of our partners. This may include information about the event’s content, event logistics, payment, updates, and additional information related to the event. Information you provide when registering for or participating in a conference managed or co-sponsored by parties, other than or in addition to OPC Foundation may be shared with those parties, and the treatment of such information is further subject to the privacy policies of those parties. As far as such processing of your data is not necessary to perform a contract we have with you and your consent is not legally required the processing is for our legitimate interest to maintain our relationship with you and our other partners. OPC Foundation and its conference co-sponsors may contact you after the event about the event, subsequent iterations of the event and related events. In this case we process your data only with your consent. But please note that OPC Foundation conference, meeting or event organizers, co-sponsors, exhibitors, and other third parties may directly request your personal information at their conference booths or presentations. Providing your information to them is optional, and you should review their privacy policies to address your particular needs and concerns about how they will treat your personal information.To include you in OPC Foundation Member Directories. If you are a designated representative for an active member of the OPC Foundation, we include your name and e-mail address in OPC Foundation Member Directory in OPC Foundation. This is for our legitimate interest to administer our members and their representatives.To document standards development participation. If you are a participant in OPC Foundation standards development, OPC Foundation uses your personal information to comply with policies and procedures, legal requirements, and the OPC Foundation IP policy. OPC Foundation must capture your personal data for these purposes, and provides information about activities related to standards development groups in which you participate. OPC Foundation standards development participation is documented through various methods, e.g., SharePoint collaboration sites, submission documents, email reflectors, records of meeting attendance, responses to ballots, publicly available participation lists, and declaration of affiliations. Such processing of your data is necessary for our legitimate interest to comply with our contractual and legal requirements.To assist in your participation in OPC Foundation activities. OPC Foundation will communicate with you, if you are participating in certain OPC Foundation activities such as OPC Foundation road shows, interoperability events or working groups. OPC Foundation may send you information directly related to your participation in those activities if you have consented to receive those emails.To update you on relevant OPC Foundation benefits, programs, and opportunities. OPC Foundation may communicate with you regarding relevant OPC Foundation benefits, programs, and opportunities available to you, through your membership(s) with OPC Foundation to perform our contract (on your membership) we have with you.To engage with third parties. OPC Foundation may share your personal data with third parties in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for or with OPC Foundation. These third parties are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for OPC Foundation or for the collaboration in which they and OPC Foundation are contractually engaged (for example, hosting an OPC Foundation database or engaging in data processing on OPC Foundation’s behalf, or mailing you information that you requested). These third parties are carefully selected by OPC Foundation and obligated to keep your data secure. When we share your data for these purposes this is for our legitimate interest to receive certain services which are useful to us.To protect OPC Foundation content and services. We may use your information to prevent potentially illegal activities and to enforce our terms and conditions. We also use a variety of technological systems to detect and address anomalous activity and to screen content to prevent abuse, such as spam. These efforts may, on occasion, result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions for some users. Such processing of your data is for our legitimate interest to prevent our partners and our products and services from harm through any criminal actions.To get feedback or input from you. In order to deliver products and services of most interest to our members, from time to time, we may ask members, volunteers, and website visitors to provide us input and feedback (for example through surveys, usability studies, focus groups) which is for our legitimate interest to improve our products and services.To protect OPC Foundation information assets as well as your own personal data. The OPC Foundation Information Security Program protects the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of OPC Foundation information assets by following a risk management approach based on policies, standards, guidelines, and procedures to meet security objectives while supporting business and operational goals. As far as we process your personal data in this regard, this is for our legitimate interest to secure this information.How can you control your information? You can control the information we have about you and how we use it in several waysIf you are a registered user, you can review, revise, and correct the personal data that you have provided to OPC Foundation via https://opcfoundation.org/my-account/Use the unsubscribe method provided in our various communications.For how long will we retain your personal information? We will only keep personal information (name, email address, physical address) in an identifiable form for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally collected or any additional uses you have agreed to. After that, we will either delete the information or de-identify it so that it is no longer associated with you.Personal data about minors and children OPC Foundation does not knowingly collect data from or about children under 16 without the permission of parent(s)/guardian(s). If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 16, please contact us.How will you know if the Privacy Policy is changed? OPC Foundation updates its Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email if you have an OPC Foundation Account, or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.Technical and regulatory informationLogging practices OPC Foundation automatically records the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses of visitors. The IP address is a unique number assigned to every computer on the internet. Generally, an IP address changes each time you connect to the internet (it is a “dynamic” address). Note, however, that if you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, the IP address that we collect may contain information that could be deemed identifiable. This is because, with some broadband connections, your IP address doesn’t change (it is “static”) and could be associated with your personal computer and even dynamic IP addresses could be related to you in certain circumstances.As well as recording the IP addresses of users, OPC Foundation may also keep track of sites that users visited immediately prior to visiting OPC Foundation’s website and the search terms they used to find it. We keep track of the pages visited on OPC Foundation’s website, the amount of time spent on those pages and the types of searches done on them. Your searches remain confidential. OPC Foundation uses this information only for statistical purposes to find out which pages users find most useful and to improve the website.OPC Foundation also captures and stores information that you transmit. This includes:Browser/Device type/versionOperating system usedMedia Access Control (MAC) addressDate and time of the server requestVolume of data transferredExternal links behavior Some of OPC Foundation’s websites link to other sites created and maintained by other public- and/or private-sector organizations. OPC Foundation provides these links solely for your information and convenience. When you transfer to an outside website, you are leaving the OPC Foundation domain, and OPC Foundation’s information management policies no longer apply. OPC Foundation encourages you to read the privacy statement of each external website that you visit before you provide any personal data.Cookies and web beacons Cookies and web beacons are electronic placeholders that are placed on your device by websites to track your individual movements on that website over time. OPC Foundation uses both session-based cookies (which last only for the duration of the user’s session) and persistent cookies (which remain on your device and provides information about the session you are in and waits for the next time you use that site again). You will be asked to agree to the cookie policy and consent to the use of cookies before you can use the OPC Foundation website.These cookies and web beacons provide useful information to OPC Foundation, enabling us to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s access to and use of our sites, allows us to track usage behavior, and to balance the usage of our websites on all OPC Foundation web servers.Tracking cookies, third-party cookies, and other technologies such as web beacons may be used to process additional information, enable non-core functionalities on the OPC Foundation website and enable third-party functions (such as a embedded video). We may also include web beacons and other similar technology in promotional email messages to determine whether the messages have been opened.Do Not Track (DNT) The online advertising industry has self-regulatory initiatives designed to provide consumers a choice in the types of ads they may see online and to conveniently opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all of the companies participating in these programs. Our websites do not respond to DNT consumer browser settings.Collaboration with authorities OPC Foundation will investigate complaints, report data breaches and coordinate with the appropriate regulatory authorities when required. Privacy related questions, complaints or other issues can be sent to privacy@opcfoundation.org.Transfer of information to other countries As a global organization, OPC Foundation engages in a number of international activities.
In connection with the management of those activities, OPC Foundation may transfer, store and process information to other countries. Such countries may have lower legal standards for protection of personal data than the country of your residence. If personal data is collected from EU residents and transferred to countries outside the EU/EEA we have implemented appropriate safeguards for these transfers to protect this data.
OPC Foundation regularly uses EU standard contractual clauses. A copy can be obtained at the EU website.Responses to legal requests OPC Foundation reserves the right to share your information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law.In the event of bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this privacy policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.Your European Union privacy rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679) (also known as GDPR), if you are an individual protected by the GDPR, such as an EU resident, you have certain rights as a data subject: You have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. If the processing of your personal data is based on consent you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.To request information about or avail yourself of those rights, please send an email to privacy@opcfoundation.org with “GDPR Request” in the subject line. In the email please describe, with specificity, the GDPR right you are requesting assistance with.
Please note additional information may be requested prior to initiation of a request and that OPC Foundation reserves the right to charge a fee with respect to certain requests. However, generally any requests are free of charge. Upon OPC Foundation’s completion of its review you will be notified if your request has been granted, denied, or exemptions apply.How do I contact you if there is an issue? If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about the use of your personal information, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@opcfoundation.org.Date 09 Jul 2018 Ver 1.03Contact Information: privacy@opcfoundation.org 16101 N. 82nd Street, Suite 3B Scottsdale, AZ 85260-1868 USA