https://opensysmedia.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
GDPR - Information we collect
We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number, email address and physical address when you register for a white paper, webinar or subscription.  We also collect data through events such as Embedded World, Electronica, and Sensors Expo through scanners and surveys.  If you no longer wish to receive any of our emails, you may opt out of them at any time.
Data Breach
If there is a data breach we are under a legal obligation to notify the supervisory authority without undue delay unless the breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of the individuals. We will notify the supervisory authority within 72 hours after becoming aware of the data breach to make the report. Individuals will be notified if adverse impact is determined.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When using on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, job title, company name, or other details.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content in which you are most interested
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails regarding our own products and services and/or that of our partners and affiliates
How do we protect visitor information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, sensitive information you supply is frequently encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when you enter, submit, or access your information to maintain.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies are most commonly used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits
Keep track of advertisements
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future
We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf. You may be able to choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can often do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser: If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled and/or impaired. Some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
Do we disclose the information we collect to Third Parties?  Yes, we may sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your name, address, city, town, and any form of contact submitted by you, such as such as email, phone number, cookie number, ip address, etc. We engage in this practice because it provides us with the ability to serve you editorial content.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: You may be able to set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you may be able to opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on. Tracking is necessary to continue providing the services we offer.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under 13.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be accordance with CANSPAM, we attempt to adhere to the following:
We try NOT to use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
Information for California Residents
California Consumers’ Rights and Choices
If you are a California resident, California law permits you to request Information regarding the:
Categories of Personal Information (as defined by applicable California law) collected, sold or disclosed by us;
Purposes for which categories of Personal Information collected by us are used;
Sources of information from which we collect Personal Information; and
Specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
In addition, if you are a California resident you may:
Opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your Personal Information, in some circumstances;
Opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us; however, you may still receive administrative communications regarding the Services;
Opt-in to certain financial incentive programs we may offer related to the collection, sale, or deletion of your Personal Information; and
Request deletion of your Personal Information by us and our service providers, in some circumstances.
You will not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Our privacy policy can be found in the previous section of this page.
Requests
You can make requests related to your California privacy rights (including the right to access, delete or restrict the sale of your personal information) here.
Please be aware that we do not accept or process requests through other means (e.g., via fax, social media, email addresses, etc.).
When you make a request, we may ask you to provide verifying information, such as your name, email, or phone number. We will review the information provided and may request additional information via email or other means to ensure we are interacting with the correct individual. Please also be aware that making any such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal or deletion of Personal Information or content you may have posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow us to fulfill your request.
Children
Our Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information, then you may contact us as indicated above.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please Contact Us