https://openchange.org/privacy-statement/
OpenChange.org
Betting Sites Guide
Operators
OpenChange.org
Betting Sites Guide
Operators
Privacy Statement
Commercial content | 18+
We advise you to read every section of this Statement carefully to inform yourself about how we use or otherwise process your personal data.
Introduction
All visitors to this website (referred to as ‘you’ in this text) should be aware that we may process some, or all of their available personal information. This Statement applies to personal data processing that occurs on this website only, meaning that it does not apply to processing that may occur on any other website.
This website is owned by:
This Privacy Statement may be modified when required.
Minor modifications will have no impact on your rights and obligations regarding the processing of personal data.
Having stated that, you will be promptly notified if essential modifications to this Statement are made. Essential modifications may be necessary if we, for instance, launch new services, deploy new technologies and process your data for new purposes.
This Privacy Statement is effective from 25th May 2018.
Data Subject and Data Controller
Personal data processing that may occur on this website is about your data. Therefore, you are a data subject as defined under the relevant EU data protection laws, particularly the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’). Thus, you are entitled to exercise rights granted under the GDPR as explained in the section below.
Since we determine the purpose and means of the processing of your personal data on this website, we are considered to be a data controller as defined under the GDPR. This poses an obligation to protect your data with an utmost caution and in line with relevant data protection laws.
What Personal Data We Collect
With each visit you make to our site, we are processing (or may process) some of your personal data that we gather through cookies or similar technologies. For the purpose of this Privacy Statement we may gather two categories of personal data:
Data of your interaction with our partnered websites
Personal electronic identification data
Data of your interaction with our partnered websites
We may process information about your interactions with websites other than our own, such aswhether you visited and/or registered on any of the websites of our partnersor if you have taken part in gaming activities while visiting them. This information is processed on an aggregated level (together with similar information gathered from other users) and it cannot be linked to your identity.
Electronic identification data
By use of the information that web browsers, mobile devices and servers typically make available, we may process your electronic identification data. This can refer to the processing of your IP address, Operating System installed on your device, browser type and version on your device, the date and time of access, device type (via unique device identifier), approximate location from which you access the website and information about your network provider.
Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data
By visiting our website some of your personal data may become the subject of processing. The following section will explain the reasons for processing your data, as well as the extent in which we need to process it.
We process the IP address of the device you use in order to enable communication between your device and our server, as well as to determine your approximate geolocation which may be further used for service customisation (for instance to provide appropriate content for your language of choice and gambling-related content that is legal in your country). We also use this information for analytical purposes (for example to calculate how many visitors from specific countries/regions come to our website).
The information about the operating system and browser can also be processed. This is necessary to help with solving technical problems should they appear, ensuring a regular provision of our services to you.
We may also process data about your activities taken on our partners’ websites. This type of information is grouped with other similar data to help us create statistics about the use of our services. This is important for the legitimate purpose of calculating our revenue.
Cookie Policy
Any browser visiting our website will receive cookies from us. We use cookies because we wish to provide the best possible on-site experience to everyone who visits our website. To find out more about how we use cookies, you can read our Cookie Policy.
What Your Rights Are
Companies that are based in the EU are required to follow General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) while processing personal data. This also relates to our company. Our data processing is about you, therefore you are a data subject. Being a data subject grants you the right to:
Object to our use and processing of your personal data.
Gain access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Obtain portability of your personal data.
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data.
Decide to withdraw consent regarding the processing of your data.
Enforce deletion of data.
Lodge a complaint.
The relevant data protection authority in EU Member States might be determined either by your place of habitual residence, or the place where the alleged infringement emerged.If you have questions regarding exercising your rights, or if you want to send us a request concerning your rights, please contact us on
As we are established in Denmark, you may choose to contact the
Danish Data Protection Agency: Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5, DK-1300 Copenhagen K.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your personal data
We rely on our legitimate interest as grounds for processing your personal data- it is necessary to update our products and services. Your data helps us to improve our website so that we can keep the website secure and protected , communicate with you , estimate the effectiveness of available advertising , diminish the possibility of having difficulties with our services and to personalise your experience . Processing your data may be necessary to comply with legal requirements and/or court orders.
Protecting Your Data
We do not engage in data collection that could be interpreted as excessive, therefore we only process data that we really need. We are strongly committed to making sure that your data is regularly updated and stored in a secure environment. Please note that we will use the information until the purpose of processing is met.
We use technical and organisational measures in accordance with good industry practices to safeguard your information against unauthorised disclosure or access,accidental or unlawful loss,unauthorised alteration, unauthorised use and any other forms of unlawful processing. Our control of access is structured in multiple levels. These limitations are governed by business demand and security requirements. We also ensure that only appropriately authorised personnel have access to your data .
Transferring Your Data Outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Your personal data can be transferred outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)for reasons of improving our products or providing our services.In this case, we will take all measures to ensure that all appropriate measures are taken to provide protection of your data in compliance with the data protection laws that apply.
Countries and recipients that your personal data may be transferred to are:
A recipient based in the US, whereby we aim to transfer your data in the way set out by the Privacy Shield mechanism. You’ll find the link to a detailed overview of the Privacy Shield framework
here.
A recipient that is based in a country that does not have an adequate level of data protection, according to the European Commission. When this is the case, we will conclude Data Protection Agreements that will include Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission. These Agreements would obligate the data recipient to provide an adequate level of protection and implement appropriate safeguards, as defined by the applicable data protection laws with regard to processing your personal data.
Sharing Data with Third Parties
We may share your data with entities who help us with our services (‘third parties’). The third parties are categorised as follows:person/s, companies or organisations responsible for marketing, maintenance and development with tasks including, but not limited to, developing and improving our services. In regard of performing mutually agreed-upon tasks, they can process the required personal data. The purpose of processing data, the means by which it will be carried out and the selection of data for processing remain our exclusive rights.
It is important to state that we may also share acquired data with:
Entities that the law requires or permits us to do so (e.g. law enforcement and public authorities)
Employees or subcontractors of Better Collective A/S and its’ subsidiaries (members of the Better Collective Group)
Openchange uses cookies to give you the best user experience. By continuing to use the site you agree to our cookie policy.OkRead more
+18
Please play responsibly