http://oraclepartnernetwork.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Oracle PartnerNetwork
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Success Starts with
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Delivering innovation and customer success is at the heart of everything we do. And the Oracle partner ecosystem is an extension of that. It’s a powerful partnership with endless opportunities.
Home
Partner Login
Value for Customers
Our partners are trusted advisors and experts in building, selling and providing value-added services for Oracle technology. Customer success is the core tenet of our enhanced partner program. So you can rest assured Oracle partners are equipped with the demonstrated expertise and tools they need to help you achieve innovative results, save you money, grow your top line, and reduce risk. No matter where you are on your journey, Oracle partners will meet you there.
Find a partner
Find an application on Oracle Cloud Marketplace
Opportunity for Partners
Drive innovation and expand your business with access to the industry’s only enterprise grade, secure, complete, fully integrated cloud and on premise portfolio. In response to what you and our customers have asked for, we’ve modernized our partner program from the ground up. Partner with Oracle and get empowered with the tools and resources you need to achieve Expertise and differentiate your business. So whether you embed your IP on, sell or provide value-added services for Oracle technology, you can win more customers and grow your revenue with us. Opportunity – and success – await.
Learn about Oracle PartnerNetwork
Already a partner? Login
Discover Success with Oracle
CARE Delivers on Its Mission with Oracle Cloud
With the help of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, CARE is able to deliver modern finance and administrative applications to its field staff while reducing the total cost and burden of IT.
Discover Success with Oracle
Kinetica Analyzes Months of Images in Hours on Oracle Cloud
Partnering with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, Kinetica helped the largest estuary on the West Coast detect trash across the Bay via drones and machine-learning, analyzing tens of thousands of images in hours vs the months it took previously.
Discover Success with Oracle
Argent reduces Earth's carbon footprint with Oracle Cloud
Using Oracle Cloud, Argent Energy has been able to reduce their time to close and move from a supply-led to a more demand-driven process. Oracle's end-to-end solution allows Argent to focus on their vision of reducing the world's carbon footprint.
Discover Success with Oracle
Performance for Cisco Tetration Increases 60x on OCI
Cisco Tetration Analytics saw a 15x improvement in CPU utilization vs. competitors. This resulted in an overall 60x performance improvement. Further, customers are saving 90% utilizing Tetration on OCI.
Discover Success with Oracle
Casey's Gains Data Transparency with Oracle
Casey's General Store is a Fortune 500 company, based in the Midwest, with stores across 16 states. Oracle Cloud enabled them to achieve end-to-end integration. Now processes are more efficient and employees can do more impactful work.
Discover Success with Oracle
Scottish Water Stays Current with Oracle ERP Cloud
Brian Strathie at Scottish Water redoubles efforts to modernize their back office and unify the business on a single cloud platform.
Discover Success with Oracle
Informatica Replaces PeopleSoft with Oracle ERP Cloud
With Oracle ERP Cloud, Informatica was able to streamline financial operations, eliminate numerous custom reports, and take advantage of advanced mobile functionality to act quickly and respond from anywhere.
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
How we’re taking on COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers