https://orangecyberdefense.com/uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how Orange Cyberdefense UK Limited (”Orange Cyberdefense or “we”) collects and uses the personal data which you either leave through footprints and/or provide when you visit our website, orangecyberdefense.com/uk, and use the various services and activities we offer.
Collection of personal data
Use of personal data, purpose and legal basis
Retention
Consent
Security
Your rights
Links to other websites
Amendments of this privacy policy
Contact
Modern slavery and human trafficking
1. Collection of personal data
We always inform you before we collect your personal data. We collect the following personal data about you: name, email address, telephone number, CV, job title, company name, food preferences, and language skills. We may collect other personal data if deemed necessary to complete specific events. In such cases we will always inform you before collection the personal data.
Please note that some personal data is necessary to collect in order for you to use the functions of the website. Each of the relevant formulas will indicate whether it is mandatory or optional for you to provide the personal data. If providing the personal data is mandatory, the relevant field will be marked by a star (*). If you decide not to provide the personal data in question, you may not be able to use the function. For instance, you must provide your contact information in order for us to reply to a request from you.
If you provide personal data on other persons than yourself, you must ensure that you collect consent to provide us the personal data from the relevant persons.
Personal data will be collected when you use the activities listed below:
When you subscribe to our newsletter
When you apply for a job at Orange Cyberdefense or When you upload a job application
When you leave a comment
When you download documents
When you sign up for events
When you sign up for our academy
When you fill in a contact form for activities such as sales quotations and surveys
2. Use of personal data, purpose and legal basis
When you use our website personal data is collected and used for the following purposes:
Newsletters and other promotional communication
Promotional marketing in general
Handling requests received from you
Providing customer support and communication
Product and service development
Statistics and analytics
Administration of user accounts
The processing of your personal data will often be necessary to comply with your request or to perform our services. We note that Orange Cyberdefense will only use your personal data for marketing activities if you have given a prior and explicit consent to such use.
In certain circumstances and according to legislation it may be necessary to disclose data to public authorities. We may also disclose your personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights. Furthermore, your personal data will be disclosed to all legal entities of Orange Cyberdefense (“Orange Cyberdefense”):
Orange Cyberdefense Nederland B.V. (The Netherlands)
Orange Cyberdefense NV (Belgium)
Orange Cyberdefense UK Limited (United Kingdom)
Orange Cyberdefense Sweden AB (Sweden)
Orange Cyberdefense Denmark A/S (Denmark)
Orange Cyberdefense Norway AS (Norway)
Orange Cyberdefense Germany GmbH (Germany)
Orange Cyberdefense France (France)
In the event of reorganisation or total or partial sale of the business, disclosure, if any, will in such connection take place in accordance with the legislation governing such processing of personal data at the time in question.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. You can learn more about our use of cookies in our Cookie Policy, which you can find here: Cookie Policy.
3. Retention
Orange Cyberdefense will delete your personal data when we no longer need your personal data in order to fulfil the above mentioned purposes. However, we may process your personal data for longer in an anonymised form or if we are obliged or entitled to do so pursuant to the legislation.
4. Consent
When you use our website we sometimes collect and process your personal data based on your consent.
Please note that you may withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us, if you wish to withdraw your consent.
You can withdraw your consent by:
sending an email to privacy@orangecyberdefense.com; or
by using our email preference centre; or
via a link in our marketing emails; or
call us at +44 020 7654 0080.
If you withdraw your consent, we will stop the processing of your personal data, unless we are entitled or obliged to continue the processing or storage of your personal data on another legal basis, e.g. pursuant to legislation.
Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal.
If you withdraw your consent you may not be able to use the functions offered on our website in full.
5. Security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to ensure an adequate security level and require that trusted third parties who process your personal information do the same. Accordingly, we use our best efforts to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of your personal data.
6. Your rights
You have a right of access to the personal data, which we process and store about you, subject to certain statutory exceptions.
Furthermore, you have the right to object to the collection and further processing of your personal data. Moreover, you have the right to rectification of your personal data, or to require us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
If you so request, we will erase the personal data which we have registered on you without undue delay, unless we may continue the processing on another legal basis, e.g. if the processing is necessary to defend a legal claim or to comply with a request from you.
Under certain circumstances, you may also request that we provide you with an overview of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and request us to transmit such data to either you or to another data controller.
If you wish to exercise your rights as described above, please contact us (see contact information section 9 below).
In connection with requests regarding your rights, we kindly ask you to provide us with sufficient information in order for us to handle your request, including name and email address, and to identify you. If necessary, we may ask for further information. We will reply to your request as soon as possible and no later than one month.
If you disagree with how we process your personal data or the purposes for which we process your personal data, you may either contact us, take legal actions at the ordinary courts or you may lodge a complaint with:
The Information Commissioner’s Office
Water Lane, Wycliffe House
Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF
Tel. +44 1625 545 745
e-mail: international.team@ico.org.uk
Website: https://ico.org.uk
7. Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of other websites (third party websites) or for the procedures of such third parties for collecting and processing personal data. If you visit a website of a third party, you should read the privacy policy and other relevant policies of the owner of the website.
8. Amendments of this privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy based on substantial changes in the legislation, new technical solutions, new or improved functions and to improve the website.
9. Contact
If you wish us to update, rectify or delete the personal data we have registered on you or if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us:
Orange Cyberdefense UK Limited
250 Waterloo Road, Third Floor
London SE1 8RD
Telephone: +44 020 7654 0080
Email: privacy@orangecyberdefense.com
10. Modern slavery and human trafficking
Modern slavery is a heinous crime and a morally reprehensible act that deprives a person’s liberty and
dignity for another person’s gain. It is a real problem for millions of people around the world, including
many in developed countries, who are being kept and exploited in various forms of slavery.
Every company is at risk of being involved in this crime through its own operations and its supply chain.
At Orange Cyberdefense, we have a zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery and are fully committed
to preventing slavery and human trafficking in our operation and supply chain. We have taken concrete
steps to tackle modern slavery, as outlined in our statement.
This statement sets out the actions that we have taken to understand all potential modern slavery risks
related to our business, and to implement steps to prevent slavery and human trafficking during the
financial year 2020/2021.
We are committed to ensuring that there is no modern slavery or human trafficking in our supply chains
or in any part of our business. Our Anti-slavery Policy reflects our commitment to acting ethically and
with integrity in all our business relationships and to implementing and enforcing effective systems and
controls to ensure slavery and human trafficking is not taking place anywhere in our supply chains.
Version 1.0 – March 9th, 2020
Download Here
Richard Jones
CISO
Privacy and security is of the utmost importance at Orange Cyberdefense. For us as cybersecurity specialists, it is important to carefully handle and safeguard your personal information. As CISO at Orange Cyberdefense, I ensure that the processing of your personal data proceeds in a secure and structured manner. If you have questions you can contact me at privacy@orangecyberdefense.com.