http://organicdesktop.com/privacy/
Privacy - Organic Desktop
Organic Desktop
Skip to content
Home
About
Contact
Privacy
Privacy
The personal information we collect and the purposes for which we collect it does not use it for marketing purposes. However, we do have copies of certain client information that we use internally to diagnose problems or generate reports or statistics. This data will not be shared with anyone other than the owner of the data processing and can be deleted upon request. For security reasons, all information is stored on hardware that we keep up to date and behind regularly updated firewalls.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site, we collect the information displayed in the comments field, along with the visitor’s IP address and browser user string, to enable spam detection. An anonymous string created from your email address (also called hash) can be made available to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. Gravatar’s privacy policy can be found here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. Once your comment is approved, your profile photo will be visible to the public as part of your comment. Media When uploading images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with built-in location data (EXIF GPS). Web site visitors can download and extract all location data from images on the Web site.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our website, you may choose to store your name, email address and website in cookies. This is for your convenience, so you don’t have to re-enter your data if you leave another comment. These cookies last a year. If you have an account and log into this website, we set a temporary cookie to determine whether your browser accepts cookies. This cookie does not contain any personal data and is deleted when you close your browser. When you log in, we also set several cookies to store your login information and display options on the screen. Login cookies last two days and screen options last one year. If you choose Remember me, your connection will last two weeks. When you log out of your account, cookies will be deleted. When you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie is stored in your browser. This cookie contains no personal data and only shows the Post-ID of the article being edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this website may contain embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). The embedded content of other websites behaves exactly as if the visitor had visited the other website. These websites may collect information about you, use cookies, incorporate additional third-party tracking and monitor your interaction with such embedded content, including tracking your interaction with embedded content if you have an account and are connected to this website.
Analytics
To whom we share your data: Nobody.
When you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are kept indefinitely. This way, we can automatically recognize and approve follow-up comments instead of keeping them in a moderated queue. For users who register on our website (if applicable), we also store the personal data they provide in their user profile. All users can view, modify or delete their personal data at any time (unless they cannot change their user name). Web site administrators can also view and edit this information. What are your rights on your data? If you have an account on this website or have left comments, you may request an exported file of the personal information we hold about you, including the information you have provided to us. You can also ask us to delete your personal data. This does not apply to data that we must keep for administrative, legal or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments can be verified by an automatic spam detection service.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Pages
About
Contact
Fix Runtime Error 424 (Resolved)
How to Fix Runtime Error 216 (Solved)
Privacy
Runtime Error 1004 Repair Methods
Tag Cloud
Copyright 2018
Organicdesktop.com
Iconic One Theme | Powered by Wordpress