http://orionrobots.co.uk/privacy_and_cookies.html
Toggle navigation
Orionrobots
Home
Getting Started
FAQ
Blog
Tags
About Us
Privacy and Cookies
Tweet
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Words Used
Your details -> Your personal details
Consent -> You have allowed us to use your details in certain ways.
Recent Changes
Most sections have had the words made easier to read.
Some parts removed (less is good here).
WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you buy something from our store, as part of the order process, we collect details you give us like your name, address and email.
When you browse our site, we also receive details about your computer browser and operating system. We use this to make our website work on many computers.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you give us your details to checkout, check your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, you give us consent to collect it and use it for that reason only.
If we ask for your details for other reasons, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may remove your consent for us to contact you, or to not collect, use or share your details, at any time, by contacting us at customer.services@orionrobots.co.uk or mailing us at:
orionrobots
1 Queens Court, Richmond, TW10 6LA
Sharing
We may share your personal details if the law says we must or if you break our Terms of Service.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and share your details where needed for them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, some third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment order processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the detail we must share with them related to your order.
We recommend that you read their privacy policies to see how they will handle your details.
Some providers may work in or be based in places with other laws than you or us. If you choose to buy when it involves the services of a third-party, then your details may be subject to the laws of the places where that service provider or its facilities are.
For example, if you are in Canada and a payment gateway in the US is used for your order, then your information used in finishing that order may be subject to sharing under United States laws like the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or app, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Disqus
This site uses disqus for comments.
Google analytics
Our site uses Google Analytics to learn about who visits our site and how they use it.
SECURITY
To look after your information, we take reasonable measures and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not lost, misused, accessed, disclosed or altered.
We don’t collect or store credit card details - and do not directly use this form of payment.
COOKIES
We do not directly store cookies, but make use of third parties who do so - see the above third parties section.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you agree that you are an adult in your country or state, and if your children use it you have given us consent to allow them to use this site.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy at any time, please do not assume it will stay the same. Changes will take effect as soon as they go up on the website. We will make notes on the recent changes at the top of this page. If we are bought by or merged with another company, there may be more changes.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: see, change or delete any information we have about you, make a complaint, or simply want to know more contact us at customer.services@orionrobots.co.uk or by mail at
orionrobots
1 Queens Court, Richmond, TW10 6LA
Learn Robotics Programming
Time to build your own robot! Using a Raspberry Pi with parts and some time, you can use my book to learn how to make and program a robot with automatic behaviours.
Learn Robotics Programming: Build and control autonomous robots using Raspberry Pi 3 and Python
Other places to find us
Youtube
G+
Twitter
Facebook
Tags
3d printing (4)
ai (6)
arduino (16)
arduino kit (7)
biology (4)
bluetooth (4)
book (7)
cad (4)
cnc (18)
code (8)
contest (4)
darpa (4)
distance sensor (9)
diy (5)
east finchley robotics club (5)
education (6)
electronics (49)
esp8266 (5)
events (8)
fusion360 (4)
gadgets (5)
gbc (8)
grand challenge (4)
ideas (4)
lego (65)
london (6)
lugnet (5)
maker (9)
microcontroller (7)
mindstorms (40)
nxt (28)
orion explorer 1 (14)
parallel port (4)
piwars (14)
power (5)
programming (8)
python (9)
raspberry pi (23)
raspberry pi 3 projects (8)
raspberry pi projects (8)
raspberry pi zero w projects (5)
rcx (22)
robot (48)
robot building (21)
robot kit (14)
robotics (56)
robots (58)
salvage (5)
sensor (4)
sensors (4)
soldering (6)
technic (7)
technology (6)
vex (4)
All Tags