https://otslabs.ots7.com/privacy/
Jump to main content
Jump to top menu
Ots Labs |
OtsAV |
OtsTurntables |
Ots CD Scratch 1200 |
OtsZone eStore
News |
Products |
Solutions |
Downloads |
Support |
Docs |
Communities
Home
About Ots Labs
Products
Technology
Contact Us
Solutions for DJs, broadcasters, venues & music providers.
Ots7 »
Ots Labs »
Privacy & Security Statement
Ots Labs
Privacy & Security Statement
At Ots Labs we take your privacy and security very seriously. Here are some of the steps we take to ensure your privacy and security at all times:
Our servers use the latest 128-bit encryption for all transactions, including orders. This ensures that your credit card details and changes you make to your personal profile, etc, are not subject to any snooping. In addition, our site has a current secure server certificate that has been issued by certificate authority GeoTrust.
Once an order is processed, our system immediately deletes the credit card number (except for the end few digits) totally from our system. We physically do not have it any more, and it is not printed out anywhere. This gives you greater security in the unlikely advent that our systems were compromised by an outside source.
We do not automatically email you mass mailouts. When you create your profile for the first time, you must choose to either opt-in or opt-out of mailing lists that we use for communicating news to customers about new releases of our software, etc. You can change this status at any time by editing your personal profile.
We never sell or give away lists of email addresses of our customers. We are totally against this practice.
Our central database is well firewalled from the internet, and we do everything possible to maintain a secure network at all times.
The software we sell, including the OtsReg licensing system that is used in most of the programs, does not send personal data from your computer to our servers. The only data sent is self-explanatory and under your control. For example, if you choose to automatically create a new machine license for the software, then the OtsReg system will send a request to our servers for this. We never send additional info such as what songs you have on your hard disk, what you've been downloading, etc.
In addition to the above point, the software we sell does NOT run spy programs that constantly run in the background, collecting information about you, and then reporting this info back to a central location. We are totally disgusted by the various companies that have engaged in these practices of late!
We value your business and assure you that we will do everything possible to protect your privacy, security and personal information.
If you have any concerns or queries, please contact us.
© 1996-2020 Ots Corporation
Ots7, Ots Labs, Ots Corporation, OtsAV, OtsTurntables, OtsZone and others are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of the Ots Group of Companies.
Privacy |
Legal & Copyright |
Contact |
Site Map |
Accessibility
The
Ots7.com
website is operated by Ots7 Inc, a Delaware corporation, under license by Ots Corporation Ltd, company no. 6659447, an England & Wales company.
The vendor of products offered for sale on this site is Ots7 Ltd, company no. 9732721, an England & Wales company, VAT registration no. 235177802.
Registered offices:
Ots Corporation Ltd, Level 3, 207 Regent Street, London, W1B 3HH, United Kingdom
Ots7 Ltd, 5 Harbour Exchange Square, 2nd Floor, London, E14 9GE, United Kingdom
Ots7 Inc, 1201 Orange Street, Suite 600, Wilmington DE 19801, United States