http://overthenet.com/privacy-policy/
Call: 805-275-4001
|
Email: Info@OverTheNet.com
Get far better customer service, safe and secure website hosting & email services and improved search engine results today!
Bring Me New Business!
MENUMENUHomeAdvantage
Website DesignSearch Engine OptimizationBranding and Logo CreationCustom Programming and Application DevelopmentGraphic Design and User-Interface (UGI)Getting the Most Out of Your Website
Domain NamesWebsite Hosting and Email Services
eCommunications
Social MediaWebsite UpdatingContact Us
Testimonials
Advantage
Branding and Logo Creation
Contact Us
Custom Programming and Application Development
Domain Names – Strategy
eCommunications
Getting the Most Out of Your Website
Graphic Design and User-Interface (UGI)
Home
Privacy Policy
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials
Website Design
Website Hosting and Email Services
Website Updating
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Over The Net collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://OverTheNet.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Over The Net.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Over The Net may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Over The Net has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Over The Net
http://OverTheNet.com
PO Box 5681 Ventura, CA. 93005-5681
sales@overthenet.com
This document was last updated on 9/15 – 2016
Privacy policy created by Generate Privacy Policy
Over The Net All right reserved 2016.
Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
WordPress
SEOPress Pro Theme