http://overthenet.com/terms-and-conditions/
Call: 805-275-4001
|
Email: Info@OverTheNet.com
Get far better customer service, safe and secure website hosting & email services and improved search engine results today!
Bring Me New Business!
MENUMENUHomeAdvantage
Website DesignSearch Engine OptimizationBranding and Logo CreationCustom Programming and Application DevelopmentGraphic Design and User-Interface (UGI)Getting the Most Out of Your Website
Domain NamesWebsite Hosting and Email Services
eCommunications
Social MediaWebsite UpdatingContact Us
Testimonials
Advantage
Branding and Logo Creation
Contact Us
Custom Programming and Application Development
Domain Names – Strategy
eCommunications
Getting the Most Out of Your Website
Graphic Design and User-Interface (UGI)
Home
Privacy Policy
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials
Website Design
Website Hosting and Email Services
Website Updating
Terms and Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Over The Net’s (OTN) terms and conditions. “Company”, “Ourselves”, “We” and “Us”, refers to Over The Net. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”.
Privacy Statement
At OTN are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the Over The Net on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. Parliament has created specific offenses for unauthorized actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
Confidentiality
OTN is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and as such, any information concerning the Client and their respective Client Records may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than as needed if legally required to do so for the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Over The Net will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Termination of Agreements and Refunds Policy
Both the Client and OTN have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway. No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any monies that have been paid to us which constitute payment in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United States, or in relation to postings from the United States.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Over The Net on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this Over The Net’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Over The Net’s services and the full content of this website.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavors to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
Notification of Changes
OTN reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and OTN. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
© Over The Net 2016 All Rights Reserved
Over The Net All right reserved 2016.
Terms of Use - Privacy Policy
WordPress
SEOPress Pro Theme