https://pagesix.com/2020/09/25/demi-lovato-and-max-ehrich-are-over-plus-bill-murrays-legal-drama-and-why-cardi-b-left-offset/
Skip to main content
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to Reading
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Flipboard
WhatsAppClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to copy URL
podcast
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Flipboard
WhatsAppClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to copy URL
Demi Lovato and Max Ehrich are over, plus Bill Murray’s legal drama and why Cardi B left Offset
View author archive
Get author RSS feed
Name(required)
Email(required)
Comment(required)
Submit
September 25, 2020 | 5:52pm
Enlarge Image
Getty Images
This past week in celebrity news, the We Hear Quick Fix podcast covers:
Hours after Page Six exclusively reported that the couple’s relationship was on shaky grounds, a source close to Demi Lovato has confirmed that she and her fiancé Max Ehrich have called off their engagement.
The Doobie Brothers band has accused Bill Murray of using its music without permission in ads for his golf apparel line in a legal letter obtained by Page Six that’s more amusing than any of Murray’s recent films.
And Cardi B said she is divorcing Offset because she didn’t want to be publicly embarrassed if he cheated on her again.
We Hear: Quick Fix is a Spotify exclusive week-in-review five minute podcast from Page Six. Editors Maggie Coughlan and Ian Mohr break down the biggest stories of the week – including The Joy of Six, the most satisfying piece of gossip.
For all the juiciest scoops about celebrities and high society, subscribe to the We Hear: Quick Fix podcast released every Friday.
Filed under
podcasts
,
9/25/20
Share this article:
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Flipboard
WhatsAppClick to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)Click to copy URL
Read Next
David Beckham is reportedly really into beekeeping these d...
Most Popular This Week
1
'Today' contributor Bobbie Thomas' husband dead at age 42
2
Rich Miami parents losing minds over Ivanka and Jared's school choice
3
Ivanka and Jared buy $30M lot on high-security Miami island
4
Matthew McConaughey slams Hollywood 'hypocrisy' over 2020 election results
5
Blac Chyna scores legal victory against Kardashians in 'Rob & Chyna' suit
6
Inside Karlie Kloss and Joshua Kushner's new $23.5M Miami estate
Share Selection
This story has been shared 108,470 times.
108,470
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
This story has been shared 45,442 times.
45,442
Rich Miami parents losing minds over Ivanka and Jared's school choice
This story has been shared 31,004 times.
31,004
Dorinda Medley's daughter Hannah raises concerns over 'thigh gap' video
This story has been shared 21,423 times.
21,423
Nick Jonas and wife Priyanka Chopra get cozy during London stroll
Now On
Now on Page Six Style
Two celebrity-loved brands team up for a charitable collaboration
Two celebrity-loved brands team up for a charitable collaboration
Sofia Richie models for Drake’s new OVO campaign
Sofia Richie models for Drake’s new OVO campaign
Teddi Mellencamp’s children want new shoes — and siblings — for Christmas
Teddi Mellencamp’s children want new shoes — and siblings — for Christmas
SEE ALL
Popular Shopping
Best Christmas gift baskets 2020: 28 ideas for unique holiday bundles
Best Christmas gift baskets 2020: 28 ideas for unique holiday bundles
The best IT Cosmetics gifts you can buy at Ulta
The best IT Cosmetics gifts you can buy at Ulta
Juicy Couture tracksuits make star-studded comeback for 25th anniversary
Juicy Couture tracksuits make star-studded comeback for 25th anniversary
The last days to order and mail gifts for a Christmas 2020 delivery
The last days to order and mail gifts for a Christmas 2020 delivery
Beats Solo3 headphones discounted 40 percent off for Amazon holiday deal
Beats Solo3 headphones discounted 40 percent off for Amazon holiday deal
Now On
Now on Decider
‘The View’ Destroys “Entitled Brat” Olivia Jade After ‘Red Table Talk’ Interview
‘The View’ Destroys “Entitled Brat” Olivia Jade After ‘Red Table Talk’ Interview
SEE ALL
More Stories
nypost
These are the 4 finalists for Time magazine's 'Person of the Year'
page six
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
to move to Miami's 'billionaire's bunker'
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
click to copy