https://pass-port.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us: 800-969-7900 or 847-729-7900Partner Login
Passport Software’s Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPassport Software collects the contact information including name, company name, phone and email address and any product interest information that visitors may choose to submit through our various website sign-up forms.Passport Software requests this information for the purposes of responding to inquiries, answering questions and providing information about Passport’s products and services, including webinars and recorded content.All Passport emails include information about how to contact us as well as a link to update email preferences, including opting out of some or all emails from Passport Software. Contacts may email psi@pass-port.com with a request for their contact information to be removed which will be honored promptly.Any contact info provided to Passport Software is safeguarded with password access and other security measures.Passport Software does not solicit business in any countries in the EU and no contact information for contacts from the EU is knowingly maintained.Passport Software Uses Google AnalyticsPassport Software collects anonymous information such as IP address, web pages visited, length of time on pages, date and time of access, and other such information to improve our website visitors’ experiences with our content.Passport Software Uses cookiesA cookie is a small text file which includes a unique identifier that is sent by a web server to the browser on your computer, mobile phone or any other internet enabled device when you visit a website.Passport Software uses cookies and other tracking technologies to customize content and advertising, and to see how visitors move through our website. We use this information to make decisions about ways to improve the usefulness of the content we offer you.Certain cookies also allow users to share our website content on social media such as Facebook and Twitter. These cookies are not within our control. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of the social media provider for how their cookies work.Passport Software occasionally shares personal data for these purposes:Passport Software may share contact info provided to us with a Passport Partner professional from whom the contact is already receiving software support and/or services, or has in the past, or to provide a local Passport Partner contact for such support and /or services, should the contact request a local support contact.Privacy of MinorsPassport Software’s website is intended for business professionals. It not intended for children under the age of 18. Passport Software does not knowingly collect information from website visitors in this age group. By using the Site, visitors represent that they are 18 or over. If someone were to believe that a child may have provided his or her personal data to Passport Software, they should contact Passport Software using the contact information provided below. In the event Passport Software were to become aware that personal data had been submitted from a child under the age of 18, Passport would dispose of that Personal Data immediately.Contact Passport SoftwarePassport Software strives to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding the personal data you provide. If you have questions, complaints, or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or wish to access your personal data, or update, change or remove your personal data, please contact psi@pass-port.com.Contact UsFind out more about our business solutions! More...PartnersLogin to our secure portal at the bottom of our Partners' page. More...BlogGreat advice, easily explainedfor you to grow your business! More...
800-969-7900 toll free
847-729-7900
psi@pass-port.com
©Copyright Passport Software, Inc. |
181 Waukegan Rd
| #200
|
Northfield, IL 60093
|
800-969-7900