http://pcin.net/privacy.php
Add to Favorites
Make
Home Page
Privacy Statement
I have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
my firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses my information
gathering and dissemination practices for this website (PCIN.net).
There is no formal registration required to view the site.
All pages are freely available to anyone. The server statistics
program gathers the normal information (referrer, browser type,
date, time, etc.). There are however forms for those subscribing
to PCIN. The information gathered
in those instances is as follows:
Subscribe to PCIN - Every
page has a form that can be filled out to subscribe to PCIN.
Obviously the email address is gathered. The time and date
of the submission is logged along with the IP address of the
person subscribing. This protects me against someone saying
they never asked to be subscribed.
Request for FreeHelp - In the past, if you have
emailed me directly asking for help or if you used to be
registerd on the PCIN.net FreeHelp Forum, then you were automatically
subscribed. Neither of these options are available now.
Only Graham Wing (Editor) and Chris Empey (Assistant Editor)
see the subscriber list. No other individual or organization
has access to this list.
Address Information
The only time address information is required is when the user
wishes to have me send them something. All addresses are kept
confidential and are used only for the purposes intended when
the address was originally given under. I run contests in the
newsletter, and in order to receive a prize, the subscriber
needs to send me their mailing address.
Correct/Update
If a user would like to update the information I have on record,
they can unsubscribe their old email address and resubscribe
under their new email address. Any changes can also be sent
to me personally at editor@pcin.net
Choice/Opt-Out
If someone wishes to stop receiving the PCIN newsletter, they
can visit http://www.pcin.net/unsubscribe.php
and unsubscribe at any time. A log file is kept of who has unsubscribed,
and the date and time they did. This is just used for statistical
purposes and once unsubscribed, the user will not receive future
communications.
Contacting the Web Site
This web site is run by Graham Wing, the Owner/Operator of
PC Improvements. If you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with
this web site, you can contact:
Graham Wing
c/o PC Improvements
36 Laird Drive
St. Catharines, ON
L2P 3E4
Canada
graham@pcin.net
Subscribe
to PCIN
now!
Home |
Overview |
Subscribe |
Unsubscribe |
Latest Issue |
Previous Issues
Free Help Headquarters |
Free Help Downloads |
PCIN Test Systems
Make Suggestions |
Recommend PCIN |
Support PCIN |
Survey |
PCIN.net Site Search
Poll of the Week |
Privacy Policy |
Links |
About Me |
Contact Me
Support
PCIN
By Donating Today