http://pingability.com/terms.jsp
Customers' Uptime:
86%
Email:
Password:
Register | Email Login Link
Home
Monitoring Plans & Pricing
Register
Control Panel
Overview
Server Checks
Alert Triggers
Alert Actions
Reports
Events
New Server Check
Billing
Contact Details
Instant Checks
DNS Check
SMTP Server Check
POP3/IMAP Server Check
Pingability
About
Contact
AUP
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Prohibited Uses:
There are some things you must not do on our service:
Access to Other Computers or Networks without Authorization:
Attempting unauthorized and/or illegal access
of computers, networks and/or accounts not belonging to
party seeking access.
Any act which interferes with the services of another user or network.
Any act relating to the circumvention of security measures.
Other Activities viewed as Illegal or Harmful:
Engaging in illegal
activities or engaging in activities harmful to the operations
of Pingability or the customer.
Providing False Data on any Contract or Application: including
fraudulent use of credit card numbers
In the event the customer engages in Prohibited Uses, Pingability
may restrict, suspend, or terminate the customer's
account; impose fees; and/or pursue civil remedies without
providing advance notice.
Disclaimer Of Liability: Services are provided on an
as-is, as available basis.  There is no warranty express or implied.
Pingability shall not be responsible for any damages arising
from the customer's use of Pingability' services or by the customer's
inability to use Pingability's services. Pingability
shall not be liable to the customer for any special, incidental or consequential
damages, and whether or not Pingability has been advised of the possibility
of such damage.
Limitation Of Liability:
In no event shall Pingability's cumulative liability
exceed an amount greater than one month's service fee.
Assignability:
The customer shall not transfer or assign this Agreement.
Multiple accounts:
An individual or organization shall not create multiple accounts for the purpose of avoiding fees.
Termination of Service:
We reserve the right to terminate service for any customer at any time, at our sole discretion.
Modifications and Changes:
Pingability reserves the right to modify
these Terms at its sole discretion without notice.
Refunds: Refunds are given only at Pingability's discretion.
Privacy Policy: Pingability respects our customers' right to privacy.
We work to keep private customer information private and will not unnecessarily disclose it to third parties.
Pingability : Internet monitoring service.
A RimuHosting Ltd business. RimuHosting services include:
Launchtime™ VPS servers.
RimuHosting™ Dedicated
servers.
Pingability™ Website monitoring service.
Bakop™ Remote
FTP backup service.
Zonomi™ DNS hosting service.
25 Mail St.™ Managed
email hosting.
Email
the Pingability team
About Pingability
Policies (SLA, terms and conditions, privacy) RimuHosting blog RimuHosting news
© RimuHosting Ltd 2005-2020.