https://plankdesign.com/en/privacy-policy/
(Last modified on July 8, 2020)
Welcome!
Welcome to the Plank website located at https://www.plankdesign.com (the “Website”) which includes all subdomains and subpages present and future.  We are delighted that you have chosen to visit us. Plank Multimedia Inc. (the company that owns and operates the Website) takes your privacy and security of Personal Information very seriously. We have provided and will continue to provide a secure environment and this strict Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) that describes the limited ways your information is used and the limited access to such information.
Key Elements of this Policy
Here are the key elements of the Policy so you can know the important parts right away to make an informed decision about your consent for our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. You can find the details in the rest of the Policy.
Personal Information we collect from you with your consentWhat we do with itThird parties we share it withNewsletter Contact Information – your name and email addressSend you our newsletterCompanies who provide email and communications services, specifically MailChimpContact Information – your name and email addressReply to your inquiryCompanies providing technical infrastructure for the Website, specifically Pressable
About Us and Definitions
The Website is owned and operated by Plank Multimedia Inc., a Quebec corporation located in Montreal, Canada at the address listed below. Where this Policy refers to “Plank” it may refer to Plank Multimedia Inc. and / or its affiliates, and their respective shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, principals, representatives, successors and assigns (collectively “Representatives”), depending on the context. Any reference to “we”, “our”, or “us” in this Policy shall also refer to Plank and / or its Representatives. In this Policy, a Website visitor or user may be referred to as “you” or “your”.
Additional definitions shall be made throughout this Policy, but they will be recognizable as they will be capitalized, bolded, and in quotation marks. Additional definitions may also be found in the Terms of Use, and will have the same meaning in this Policy as they do there. The definitions found in this Policy shall also apply to the Terms of Use.
Acceptance and Modifications
By visiting or using the Website you agree to be bound by the terms of the Policy. By submitting Personal Information to us on the Website or via other means, you consent to Plank’s collection, use and disclosure of such Personal Information (as that term is defined hereinbelow) in accordance with this Policy (as amended from time to time) and as permitted or required by law. If you do not agree to all the provisions contained in the Policy, you are not authorized to use the Website.
Plank reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to modify or replace any of the Policy. Any changes to the Policy can be found at this URL. It is your responsibility to check the Policy periodically for changes. Your use of the Website following the posting of any changes to the Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes. If there are any significant changes to the Policy that materially affect the way we treat your information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you by posting a prominent notice on the Website. You can always identify the most recent version of the Policy by the date at the top of this page.
The Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use, as both these documents govern your use of the Website.
If you have any questions about the Policy or if you wish to inquire about and / or access any Personal Information Plank holds about you, please contact:
Plank Privacy Officerprivacy@plankdesign.com
or:
Plank Privacy Officer372 Ste. Catherine West, Suite 101 Montreal, QCCanadaH3B 1A2
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Policy covers the treatment of personally-identifiable information, i.e. any information that identifies an individual, or can be used in conjunction with other information to identify an individual (“Personal Information”) and other information gathered by Plank when you are visiting or using the Website. This Policy also covers Plank’s treatment of any Personal Information that Plank may share with its business partners or other third parties under very limited circumstances.
This Policy does not apply to the general practices and treatment of information (whether Personal or not) by third parties that Plank does not own or control, including but not limited to any third-party websites or services that you elect to access through the Website or via a link from the Website that are not owned by Plank (“Third-Party Websites”), or to individuals that Plank does not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access or link only to those Third-Party Websites that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third-Party Websites. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Website you access.
Finally, this Policy does not cover any Personal Information you send to Plank via any non-secured, non-encrypted mode of communications such as email, instant messenger or other messaging service, or Twitter or any other social media, as communications via these methods may be subject to interception, loss, or alteration. While we welcome your comments and suggestions sent to us in this manner, we encourage you to carefully examine what Personal Information you send to Plank via these methods.
No Collection of Personal Information as a Matter of Course
Plank does not, as a matter of course, gather any of your Personal Information while you visit or use the Website, unless you are asked to provide such information and voluntarily choose to do so, for example by filling in a contact form. Personal Information is only gathered with your informed consent. Where you have provided Personal Information, it will only be used for the stated purpose, as detailed more specifically in the next section.
Personal Information Collected and Its Uses
The following is an exhaustive list of Personal Information collected from you when you visit or use the Website and what we use it for. You acknowledge and agree that you are submitting this Personal Information with your informed consent.
“Newsletter Contact Information”. We collect your name and your email address if you sign up for our newsletter. We only use this Contact Information to send you the newsletter, as described more fully in the Email Communications section below.
“Contact Information”. When you fill in the contact form on the Website, we collect your name and your email address, and any optional personal information you may have submitted as part of your question or comment. We only use this to respond to your inquiry.
In addition to the functions and uses just described, Plank may also use your Personal Information you have submitted in order to perform any functions as otherwise explicitly described to you at the time of your submission of your Personal Information.
Security of Information
Plank uses only industry best practices (physical, electronic and procedural) in keeping any data collected (including Personal Information) secure. In addition, Plank uses third-party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to operate the Website, and these third parties have been selected for their high standards of security, both electronic and physical. For example, Plank uses Pressable for hosting of the Website and storage of user data including Personal Information, and they are highly committed to the security of information.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable supervisory authority of a suspected data security breach where data protection laws require us to do so, and within the time frame required by the applicable data protection law.
All information, including Personal Information, is transferred with encryption using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) or Transport Layer Security (“TLS”), robust security standards for Internet data transfer and transactions. You can use your browser to check Plank’s valid SSL security certificate.
Non-disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
Except as provided in the next paragraph and specified in the next three sections of this Policy, Plank does not divulge any Personal Information gathered via the Website to third parties. Moreover, Plank does not sell, rent, trade or license any Personal Information regarding its Website visitors or users to third parties. Only the Representatives and subcontractors of Plank are responsible for the management and development of the Website, and only these individuals have access to the information collected there. These Representatives and subcontractors all have been instructed to comply with the Policy, and are under contractual obligations of non-disclosure.
Notwithstanding anything in the Policy to the contrary, we may share any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted (whether Personal Information or not): (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or demands; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or any violation of the Terms of Use; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve abuse of the Website infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of the Website infrastructure or the Website generally); (4) to a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with Plank (in which case we will require such entities to honour this Policy); (5) if Plank merges with another entity, is subject to a corporate reorganization, or sells or transfers all or part of its business, assets or shares (in which case we will require such entity to assume our obligations under this Policy, or inform you that you are covered by a new privacy policy).
Transfer of Personal Information to Third Parties
We routinely share some of your Personal Information with certain third parties in order to facilitate the functioning of the Website. These third parties are identified in the table below, along with what they do with the Personal Information transferred to them.
Personal Information categoryWho we transfer it toWhat they do with itNewsletter Contact informationCompanies that manage our newsletter, specifically MailChimpSend you the newsletter, as further detailed in the Email Communications section below Contact Information Companies providing technical infrastructure for the Website, specifically Pressable Store it so that we may access it and reply to your inquiryAnalytics identifiersCompanies that provide data analytics for the Website, such as Google AnalyticsProvide us with analytics as to how the Website is used, as further detailed in the Limited Gathering of Information section below
Email Communications and Compliance with Anti-Spam Laws
Plank uses MailChimp to manage our mailing list and send out our newsletter. Personal Information is transferred to MailChimp in order to manage the mailing list and for the newsletter to be sent out properly. Your Contact Information is only used to send you the newsletter; MailChimp does not use this Personal Information for any other purpose, and will not transfer or sell your Personal Information to any other third party. For more information, please refer to MailChimp’s Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from Plank’s mailing list at any time, by following the link at the bottom of those Plank emails.
Plank’s practices in regards to its email are designed to be compliant with anti-spam laws, specifically the law unofficially called “CASL”, or Canada’s Anti-Spam Law (S.C. 2010, c. 23). If you believe you have received email in violation of these laws, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy.
Limited Gathering of Information for Statistical, Analytical and Security Purposes
Plank automatically collects certain information using third-party analytics program Google Analytics to help us understand how our users use the Website, but none of this information identifies you personally. For example, each time you visit the Website, we automatically collect (as applicable) your IP address, browser and computer or device type, access times, the web page from which you came, the web page(s) or content you access, and other related information. We use information collected in this manner only to better understand your needs and the needs of Website visitors and users in the aggregate. Plank also makes use of information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the Website, the specific pages on the Website, and users with a view to introducing improvements to the Website. Pressable (the Website hosting company) tracks the traffic on the Website, but no personal information is collected for this tracking.
Your IP address and other relevant information we collect using Google Analytics may be used in order to trace any fraudulent or criminal activity, or any activity in violation of the Terms of Use.
Tracking Technology (“Cookies”) and Related Technologies
Plank uses tracking technology (“cookies” and related technology such as tags, pixels and web beacons) on the Website and by visiting or using the Website you agree to their use. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or device when you visit a website, in order to track use of the site and to improve the user experience by storing certain data on your computer.
Specifically, we use cookies for the following functions:
to track site traffic as described above in this Policy;to provide general internal and user analytics and to conduct research to improve the content of the Website using Google Analytics as described above in this Policy; andto assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
Your browser can be set to refuse cookies or delete them after they have been stored. Please refer to your browser’s help section for instructions. Please note that deleting these cookies may reduce your user experience on the Website. Furthermore, deleting cookies may prevent certain functions from working at all. Plank and its Representatives shall not be held responsible for any function that may not operate after you delete cookies, or any losses or damages (pecuniary or otherwise) arising from those functions not operating, or having reduced functionality.
Verification, Correction and Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to: (i) verify what Personal Information Plank holds about you; (ii) ask for your Personal Information to be corrected or updated; and (iii) to withdraw your consent to the use by Plank of your Personal Information and have it deleted from our records. If you wish to inquire about and verify and / or correct Personal Information Plank holds about you, or if you wish to have all your Personal Information permanently deleted from our records, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy. Please note that deletion of your Personal Information may make it impossible for you to use the Website, or certain portions thereof, and Plank and its Representatives accepts no responsibility for any damages, pecuniary or otherwise, resulting therefrom. If you request deletion of your Personal Information, Plank reserves the right to retain some of your Personal Information for a reasonable time in order to satisfy our legal obligations or under a legal procedure of any sort.
Risks Associated with the Internet and Wireless Data Transmission
Despite Plank’s best efforts to ensure that third parties will not access or obtain your Personal Information through your use of the Website, complete confidentiality and security cannot currently be guaranteed on the Internet and / or where data is transferred via digital wireless technology of any type. Communication via the Internet or wireless data transmission is subject to interception, loss, or alteration. You acknowledge and agree that Plank and its Representatives cannot be held responsible for damages resulting from the transmission of confidential information or Personal Information in this manner and that such communications are at your own risk.
Compliance with Privacy Laws
This Policy and Plank’s practices in general are designed to be in compliance with Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”, S.C. 2000, c. 5) and Quebec’s An Act Respecting the Protection Of Personal Information in the Private Sector (R.S.Q. c. P-39.1). If you have any questions regarding this compliance, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy.
© Plank Multimedia Inc. 2020