https://plotters699260392.wpcomstaging.com/privacy-policy/
Search for:
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us at Steven Enterprises, Inc. The privacy policy information below explains how Steven Enterprises, Inc collects information about our customers and how it is used.
Here at Steven Enterprises, Inc we:
do NOT sell, rent, or lease your personal information.
do NOT share your personal information with trading partners unless you specifically authorize it.
do NOT store your information in our customer data base if you request it be removed.
Steven Enterprises, Inc pledges to:
respect your privacy and strictly adhere to this privacy policy.
make the contents of this privacy policy known to all Steven Enterprises, Inc employees to ensure company-wide compliance.
update and maintain this policy regularly to ensure that the information contained within is accurate and matches our business practices.
Types of information collected:
There are two types of information collected by Steven Enterprises, Inc. The first type of information collected is personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit via “Contact” or “Inquiry” forms as well as “Checkout” forms when a customer places an order. The second type is non-personal information which is collected as the visitor navigates through Steven Enterprises, Inc. More about these types information is discussed in the later paragraphs.
Personally Identifiable Information:
Personally Identifiable Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity, such as name, address, or e-mail address. As stated above, this type of information is collected when a visitor submits a “Contact” form or “Inquiry” forms as well as “Checkout” forms. Additionally, our system may collect and contain Personally Identifiable Information that is voluntarily provided through e-mail and phone correspondence. This information is strictly used to follow up with a customer’s request.
When information is submitted through one of our web forms, the information is sent and received using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption. You can verify that you are viewing a secure page by looking for the “https” (as opposed to just “http”) at the beginning of the web address in your browser.
Steven Enterprises, Inc may share your personal information with our established third party vendors to facilitate your order. For example, we may provide your name, address, and phone number to our shipping carriers. Additionally, your personal information may be encrypted and sent electronically via our payment gateway to our credit card processor.
Unless otherwise required by law, or if pertinent to a judicial or governmental investigation, or as voluntarily released by you, your personally identifiable information is not shared with other organizations or persons, other than to organizations or persons assisting us in collecting, assembling or processing this information. We will only hold your personal data for the duration necessary to allow us to provide the services that you have requested or for any additional period as required by law.
Non-Personal Information:
Steven Enterprises, Inc gathers non-personal information when visitors navigate through the site. This information includes how many people visit the site, what pages they view and for how long, their IP address and their geographic location, and their browser type. This information is not used to personally identify the customer.
Non-Personal Information is collected through the use of cookies, web beacons, and web server logs.
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website sends to a visitor’s computer and which is then stored on the visitor’s hard drive.
A Web beacon is an electronic image, also known as a clear GIF or a single-pixel (1×1). Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on a visitor’s computer, such as a visitor’s cookie number, the time and date of a page view, and a description of the page where the Web beacon is placed. You may render some Web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies.
A web server log is a file where web site activity is stored. Every time a visitor requests a file or web page an entry is made into our server logs. These files include the HTML files and their embedded graphic images and any other associated files that are transmitted to Web site visitors. Log files can be analyzed and summarized by another program.
Although Steven Enterprises, Inc uses the above methods to collect Non-Personal Information, this information cannot be used to identify a visitor. Non-Personal Information is used by Steven Enterprises, Inc to analyze how users interact with our site. This then allows us to provide the best user experience possible for our visitors.
Steven Enterprises, Inc may change their privacy policy at different times to uphold legality laws concerning online privacy.
For questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us:
email : info@plotters.com
800-491-8785
sales@plotters.com
17952 Sky Park Cir. Suite E Irvine, CA 92614
Facebook
Instagram
Equipment
Large Format Printers
Scanners
Cutting Plotters
Multifunction Printers
Laminators
Electric Trimmers
Supplies
Paper Media
Ink and Toner
Company
Home
About Us
Service
Contact Us
Policy
Legal
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
© Copyright 2019 Steven Enterprises, Inc – All Rights Reserved