https://pmcampus.com/privacy-policy
Skip to contentThis site is hosted by Liquid Web hosted services powered by Woo commerce and Paypal. Liquid Web hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. We automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. PMCAMPUS.com / Mokanova Inc. Privacy PolicyPrivacy StatementMokanova Inc., PMCAMPUS.com, its partners and advertisers are deeply
committed to protecting the privacy of their internet visitors. Below is
information outlining our continued support for the responsible
management of consumer information.
Information Automatically Logged/ Visitor Statistics Your IP address is
collected to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our
website and collect visitor statistics.CookiesSome cookies may be used by our technical team to develop web pages
that improve user experience. Such cookies can easily be removed from
your computer with the help of your internet browser tools and options.Contact FormWe are committed to protecting your privacy. Your name and e-mail address is not given or sold to anyone for any reason. External Links This site contains links to other sites. PMCAMPUS.com/Mokanova Inc.
is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such
sites.Third-Party Web BeaconsWe use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where
visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also
use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites
in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more
information about this practice and to know your choices about not
having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.Free demo – Marketing CampaignsWhen our visitors enroll in the free demo, they give us the
authorization to call and send them emails about our products. The
opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information
from us is provided within each email sent. Unsubscribing is done with
one click or by sending an unsubscribe request by email once. We do not
sell or distribute names and email addresses to third parties.Success Stories & Honor RollStudents who have completed their program are welcome to provide
success stories and testimonials so they can share their experience and
lessons learned with prospective students. When you submit stories and
testimonials, you give us permission to do minor edits, use such content
and distribute and incorporate in other work. We do not publish the
full name of our students, unless we receive an explicit authorization
from them. The honor roll is composed of all registered PMCAMPUS.com
students who have successfully passed their PMP as indicated in the PMI
public registry. To protect the privacy of subscribers, only first
names, country, and passing dates are shown. All alumni students are
informed about the honor roll update by email and may ask for a change
in the display by simply asking the PMCAMPUS.com support team.Announcements & Maintenance NoticesRegistered students may occasionally receive emails or announcements
from PMCAMPUS.com training center administrator, usually related to
improved technical features or maintenance notices. In addition our
sales team may send announcements by email related to new products for
PMP recertification and other training product offers. Students can
unsubscribe from our sales team announcements with one click or by
sending an unsubscribe request by email once.Contacting PMCAMPUS.comPMCAMPUS.com is a service of MokaNova Inc. If you have any questions
about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with this website, you can contact our staff by posting your
question via the online helpdesk.Personal data we collect and why we collect itComments/ReviewsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.After approval of your comment, we display the content of your comment, your name/profile picture may be made visible visible to the public in the context of your comment.Reviews are published under an anonymous name unless otherwise specified. PMCampus reserves the right to edit the reviews for minor corrections and may or may not publish reviews depending on internal criteria.Contact formsCookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWho we share your data withHow long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Search for:
Categories60-PDUsPDU creditsPMP PDU courseProducts
60 PDU Courses for PMP® - REVIEW AND ADVANCED SKILLS * 75% Off * Rated 4.34 out of 5 $396.00 $99.00
45 PDU - Agile Fundamentals and Real World Applications * 75% Off * CLEARANCE as of Oct 1/2020 - Discontinued EOY Rated 4.09 out of 5 $358.00 $89.50
15 PDU - Leadership, Business Strategy, and Project Software * 75% Off * Rated 4.24 out of 5 $100.00 $25.00Recent Posts Earn 15 PDUs – Productivity gains and strategic benefits of a PM software How to Contact Us PDU Course Login Earn PDUs and Review MS Project and PMIS Hot Topics for PDUs and PMP continuing EducationArchivesJanuary 2020August 2019June 2019February 2019April 2018March 2018January 2018September 2017March 2017December 2016June 2016September 2015May 2015April 2015March 2015December 2014April 2014March 2014