https://polhemus.com/privacy-policy
Navigation
Home
Company
About Us
Electromagnetics
History
Awards & Accolades
Blog
News
Events
Markets
Research & Technology
Military
Healthcare
Motion Tracking
All Trackers
Wireless Trackers
Head Trackers
Hand and Finger Trackers
New! VIPER Tracker
All Sensors
Micro Sensors
Applications
Case Studies
Research Studies
Videos
Motion Tracking Selection Guide
Scanning/Digitizing
FastSCAN
Digitizing Products
Applications
Case Studies
Research Studies
Videos
Eye Tracking
VisionTrak
Applications
Research Studies
Videos
Support
Register Your Product
Product Downloads
Product Manuals
Third Party Plug-Ins
Technical Support
Partners
Distributors
OEM/VAR's
Contact Us
Home >
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
This privacy policy outlines how Polhemus uses and protects any information that you give Polhemus when you use our website.
At Polhemus, we are committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. Any information you provide when using this website, will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. If Polhemus changes this policy in the future, we will update this page. Please check this page for the latest information on our privacy policy.
Content You'll Find on This Page:
What information we collect
What we do with the information we collect
Security
About cookies--how we use them
How to contact us
What Information We Collect:
We may collect the following information:
First Name/Last Name
Business/Organization name, including company name, phone number, email, country
Demographic information
What We Do With the Information We Collect:
We ask for this information so we can understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and for the following specific reasons:
Internal records. If you fill out one of the contact forms on our website, we add the information you provide to our database, for internal use only.
We may use the information to improve our products and customer service.
We may periodically send emails regarding new products, offers or other information you may find relevant or interesting, using the email address which you have provided.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure and have the necessary procedures in place, including our IT procedures/security, and an internal password protected database. Additionally, we will never sell any information you provide to us.
About Cookies--How We Use Them:
We use cookies for personalizing content, including ads, and also to analyze our website traffic.
How to Contact Us:
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us:
Polhemus
40 Hercules Drive
P.O. Box 560
Colchester, Vermont 05446
sales@polhemus.com
Client Testimonials
“I have been using Polhemus technology for 12 Years, and am the owner of FASTRAK, LIBERTY, and G4 systems. Having consulted to 1000’s of golfers through associations and professionals in nearly 20 countries, my equipment needs to be portable, accurate, and reliable in varied environments which these systems provide.”
Ryan Lumsden,
Director, Q Golf
(consultant to Golf Australia, Golf New Zealand, VVG (Belgium), Victorian Institute of Sport, and several tour professionals)
Read More