http://policyforum.att.com/privacy-world-data-evolution-technology-convergence/
September 26, 2017
AT&T Forum
On September 26, 2017 the AT&T Policy Forum hosted an in-depth discussion on privacy and its influence on technological innovation, business, consumers and public policy in the data revolution.
Lori Fink, Senior Vice President, AT&T Assistant General Counsel and Chief Privacy Officer, moderated the opening session.
Keynote Address:
Jonathan Taplin, Director Emeritus, Innovation Lab, USC Annenberg School of Communication Accompanying Presentation
Opening Presentations:
Michael Kearns, Professor and National Center Chair, Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Pennsylvania  Accompanying Presentation
Jules Polonetsky, CEO, Future of Privacy Forum  Accompanying Presentation
A program panel, moderated by Kim Hart, Technology Editor, Axios, featured Jeff Brueggeman, Vice President, AT&T Public Policy; Julie Kearney, Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Technology Association; Jon Leibowitz, Co-Chair, 21st Century Privacy Coalition; Maneesha Mithal, Associate Director, Division of Privacy and Identity Protection, Federal Trade Commission; Dr. Nicol Turner-Lee, Brookings Fellow, Center for Technology Innovation; Dean Garfield, President & CEO, Information Technology Industry Council; featured a discussion on recent federal and state legislative and regulatory privacy reform initiatives.
Panelist biographies are available for download here.
Event Recap
On September 26, 2017, the Policy Forum hosted a panel discussion, Privacy in a World of Data Evolution & Technology Convergence, as part of our commitment to bring together policymakers, academia, industry and other experts. This symposium featured a diverse group of prominent panelists discussing how 21st century internet technologies and the growing access to “Big Data” impact our expectations for privacy, reshape business models, and influence policymakers as they analyze our nation’s current legal and regulatory frameworks governing privacy. As part of this event, we were pleased to host Jonathan Taplin, Director Emeritus, Innovation Lab at the University of Southern California Annenberg School of Communications (and author of the book Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy) as keynote speaker.
While discussing how some of the largest internet platforms are influencing our culture, Jonathan Taplin stressed the importance of privacy to consumers today, and pointed to the dramatic rise in technological tools like ad blockers to underscore the point. Many people do not have a complete picture of what data is collected and how it is used, including what inferences are drawn from their data and how those inferences can be (and are) acted upon. Professor Michael Kearns of the University of Pennsylvania described how internet platforms such as search engines and social media networks collect vast amounts of personal data – not just sensitive personal information like social security numbers, credit history, and medical records, but also highly “intimate data” like opinions, attitudes, beliefs, and lifestyle choices. Several panelists agreed that the volume and diversity of data collection, when placed into what Professor Kearns calls the “machine learning pipeline,” underscore the need for maintaining consistent privacy regulations, addressing the difficulty in quantifying the sensitivity of data, and getting technical experts involved in privacy policy discussions.
The panel discussion also focused on the need for technological neutrality and a harmonized privacy framework across business sectors. The growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) alone shows the ripple effect that innovation has on the legal and regulatory framework of data privacy. Panelists agreed that avoiding a “jurisdictional melee” among different regulatory bodies is an important policy goal and that a patchwork of state laws governing the internet would be unworkable. In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has successfully played the role of an informed central privacy regulator that oversees the same standards for all industries. And the FTC’s experience protecting consumer privacy interests is well-proven, having launched hundreds of privacy enforcement actions against a wide range of companies in the past twenty years. A consistent nationwide approach both avoids consumer confusion and helps create an environment conducive to innovation and economic growth. After all, consumers will continue to interact with a wide array of technological tools — smartphones, connected cars, connected TVs, virtual reality gaming, augmented reality shopping, and so on — but want to know that there is an agency charged with enforcing consistent privacy protections.
For our part, AT&T is committed to protecting our customers’ privacy and keeping their personal information safe. AT&T has long supported a consistent privacy framework that focuses on the sensitivity of the data and not the service or entity that obtains the data, and we look forward to working with policymakers to ensure consumers’ privacy expectations are met.
At AT&T’s Policy Forum, we’re excited about our mission to share how AT&T is helping to shape the future of communications from the living room to the cloud. We’re also proud of the opportunity to cultivate further dialogue among academia, policymakers, and stakeholders on complex issues like data privacy. In this way, we hope to improve understanding of the issues among all stakeholders, and contribute to a meaningful discussion on workable, common sense solutions.
Learn More about Privacy & Security
Consumers Need Consistent Privacy Protections: State Legislative Actions
Today, online data flows seamlessly across the internet ecosystem among various companies and technologies, including devices, operating systems, browsers, Internet…
AT&T Policy Forum February 1, 2019
Consumers Need Consistent Privacy Protections: Federal Legislative Actions
Today, online data flows seamlessly across the internet ecosystem among various companies and technologies, including devices, operating systems, browsers, Internet…
AT&T Policy Forum February 1, 2019
View More
AT&T Call Protect, AT&T Mobile Security, and AT&T Secure Family
February 2019
View Resource
AT&T’s Cybersecurity Protections
January 2018
View Resource
Existing Cybersecurity Governance
January 2017
View Resource
AT&T Policy Forum updates, insights, and information delivered to your inbox.
Email Address *required
First Name
Last Name
Affiliation/Company
AT&T respects your privacy and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you have questions about how AT&T collects, uses and protects your personal information, please visit our Privacy Policy at http://about.att.com/sites/privacy_policy
If you are a human, do not fill in this field.
×