https://policies.sharpusa.com/Privacy
Effective July 2020
Our Privacy Policy has been updated.
Privacy Policy
Sharp Electronics Corporation (“Sharp”) is committed to protecting Your privacy.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies solely to the online information gathering and data sharing practices of Sharp for its online websites and/or services (“Sharp Online”) and does not apply to other Sharp affiliates or our parent company, and such entities may have their own privacy policies. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions, as this Privacy Policy is incorporated therein by reference.
This policy provides you with information about the type of personally identifiable information that is gathered and tracked through Sharp Online, how the information is used, stored, secured and with whom the information is shared. In general, you can visit Sharp via Sharp Online without providing any information about yourself. However, there might be times when we may need information from you or we obtain information about you when you or others provide us with such information. By using Sharp Online, you agree to the terms provided in this Privacy Policy.
For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Personal Information
We may collect your name, address, email address, domain name, client IP address, phone number, demographic information or information related to your preferences and interests, and other personally identifiable information about you (“personal information”) and the products or services you purchase or obtain from us. This information is collected, in general, from information you provide to us through Sharp Online when you purchase a product, complete a product registration, through your survey responses or rebate forms, and/or through your filling out and submitting forms through Sharp Online. With your consent, we may also collect your precise geographic location information via Sharp Online.
Automatically Collected Information
Sharp Online is engineered to collect statistical information about those using it. This allows us to maintain a welcoming and accessible site. For this purpose, we may track your movement within the site, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. We only use this information in aggregate and do not link it to you personally. To gauge the effectiveness of our site, we do collect some generic information about our visitors. Our web servers may recognize and automatically log a visitor’s domain name, the web page from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, how much time a visitor spends on each page, and the visitor’s IP address. We may use anonymous tracking technologies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes, and to improve the services we provide, including using it to evaluate and improve our site. We also collect and store information automatically using cookies and similar technology as described below.
Access to Your Information and Opting Out
You may opt out of receiving marketing information from us by unsubscribing using the link on any email you receive from us or by contacting us at the address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
If you opt out of receiving our marketing information, we may still send you certain types of communications, such as product updates for your registered products, transactional or legal notification emails, warranty related communications and we may respond to requests from you by email. We will try to process your opt-out request within fifteen (15) business days.
Although via Sharp Online we may collect personal information about your online activities using Sharp Online over time, we do not collect such information from you about your activities on third-party websites. We do not respond to “do not track” signals, if any, being sent from your browser. Furthermore, we permit select third parties to collect non-personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use Sharp Online. If you would like to opt-out of any of the technologies that we and/or our third parties employ to collect your information via Sharp Online (e.g. cookies), you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits. Please refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about your browser settings and how to handle cookies.
For more information on third-party advertising-related cookies and how to exercise your choice to opt-out of them, please visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
and/or
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
.
If you wish us to cancel, and/or stop the processing of your personal information we will, subject to our discretion, cancel and/or stop the processing of the personal information. We will not delete information that we are required to retain for our business operations or legal compliance. We may require that you provide adequate identification information or documentation before providing you the information about you that we hold; this is for your protection. We will respond to your requests within thirty (30) days of receipt and authentication.
Use and Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information. We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
to contact you about products you have purchased, respond to your inquiries, complaints, and other communications,
to verify your identity,
to provide and improve customer service,
to inform you of special events, products and services opportunities that may be of interest to you,
to conduct market research regarding Sharp products or services,
to customize the content of Sharp Online for you,
to conduct statistical or demographic analyses,
to provide for the safety and security of our customers, staff and others and meeting our legal and regulatory compliance requirements,
to detect and prevent fraud or other unauthorized activities,
to enforce our legal rights.
We may share your personal information with the Sharp family of companies, our dealers, distributors, and with other outside companies in connection with your purchase of products or services provided by such companies, and with companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf and at our direction, for example processing and fulfilling your online order.
We may engage third parties to help deliver Sharp ads, offers and other online communications and services. These companies may collect and use information about you to help us better understand the effectiveness of our offers, promotions and types of advertising that appeal to our customers. Third-party service providers and suppliers that are providing services for us are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of Sharp and are not to use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us. We may enhance or merge your information collected online with other information you provide us through other sources including, but not limited to, product registration, call centers, rebate programs, sweepstakes, surveys, or data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you.
We may share your personal information if the disclosure is done as a part of a purchase, transfer or change of control of our products and/or services or our assets (e.g., in the event that all or substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, personal information may be one of the transferred assets).
We may also share your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, and other legal action, or if Sharp reasonably believes it is appropriate to do so to protect Sharp, its customers or the public.
Cookies and Various Technologies
We use technology to help us deliver customized visitor experiences and understand trends and patterns.
We may engage third parties to collect non-personal information using “cookies” and/or other industry standard technologies (e.g., clear GIFS, web beacons, pixel tags, java script tag) to generate statistics or measure and analyze website activity (including page usage and paths followed during visits through our sites and/or the items you view or place in your shopping bag) in order to improve Sharp Online functionality, deliver content specific to you and/or targeted for your interests while using Sharp Online and/or a third-party website, and to better manage advertising of our products. The collected data also helps us determine which product, service or support information may be appropriate for you and to help us maintain an efficient experience for you.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a “cookie” or to turn off “cookies” completely. If you do so, however, some areas of our site may not function properly.
Data Processing and Cross-Border Data Transfers
Sharp Online is maintained on servers located in the United States, and personal information submitted through Sharp Online is stored on our servers in the United States. If you are visiting Sharp Online from outside the United States, please be advised that your information is transferred to our U.S. servers. Disclosing your personal information to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy is at your own risk. We strive to comply with laws of jurisdictions in which we maintain operations but we make no representations that the practices described in this Privacy Policy are compliant with laws outside those jurisdictions that apply to the collection, security, use, and disclosure of personal information.
Information Security
Sharp uses reasonable technical, administrative, and physical measures to protect information contained in our systems against misuse, loss or alteration. Keep in mind, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or other method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While Sharp strives to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please also note that any information that you sent to us by email is not protected.
Third Party Web Sites
Sharp Online may contain links to other third-party websites that are not operated by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third-party websites. The information practices of those third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Other Sharp co-branded websites may also operate under their own privacy and security policies. You are responsible for reviewing third-party and co-branded privacy policies, as applicable, to determine the handling of your information.
Children's Privacy
Sharp does not seek to collect personal information about children through Sharp Online. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide any personally-identifiable information to us through Sharp Online.
Notification of Changes
From time to time, we may choose to change our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of material changes to the Privacy Policy by posting a revised Privacy Policy via Sharp Online with an updated effective date. We recommend that you check back at Sharp Online on a periodic basis to review the then current Privacy Policy. Any updates, revisions, supplements, modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon its posting via Sharp Online and will only be applicable to disputes arising, or arising out of events occurring, after such posting has been made. You agree that you will continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, however and whenever it is updated, revised, supplemented, modified, or amended, if you continue to use Sharp Online after the updates, revisions, supplements, modifications, or amendments have been posted.
Questions regarding our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacypolicy@sharpsec.com
or by contacting us at:
Sharp Electronics Corporation
100 Paragon Drive
Montvale, New Jersey 07842
1-800-BE-SHARP
In order to ensure your request is dealt with expeditiously, please be sure to include your full name, address and telephone number and a copy of a document evidencing your identity so we can ascertain your identity and whether we have any personal information regarding you, or in case we need to contact you to obtain any additional information, we may require to make that determination.
If you feel that Sharp Online is not following its stated policy or complying with applicable privacy laws, please contact us by sending an email to
privacypolicy@sharpsec.com
. We will act promptly to address your concerns.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Notice for California Consumers
This notice describes the rights of California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA requires businesses like us to provide certain information to consumers. We fully describe our practices to all our visitors in our Privacy Policy, but use this separate notice to ensure that we meet the CCPA’s requirements. This notice contains the following four parts:
We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information
Your Rights Under the CCPA
The CCPA Categories of Personal Information We Collect and the Sources
The CCPA Categories of Personal Information We Share for a “Business Purpose”
1. We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information
The CCPA requires us to disclose whether we sell your personal information. We do not sell your personal information.
2.	Your Rights Under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with the following rights:
2.1 Requests for Information
As a California consumer, you have the right to
request the personal information we have collected
about you and for what purpose. For quicker access, you can also review our Privacy Policy, which explains the kind of information we may collection about you.
2.2 Your Right to Opt Out of Sales of Personal Information
We do not sell personal information, so we do not have an opt out.
2.3 Your Right to Notification
Under the CCPA, our company cannot collect new categories of personal information or use them for materially different purposes without first notifying you.
2.4 Nondiscrimination for exercising your CCPA Rights
The CCPA prohibits business from discriminating against you for exercising your rights under the law. Such discrimination may include denying services, charging different prices or rates for services, providing a different level or quality of services, or suggesting that you will receive a different level or quality of goods or services as a result of exercising your rights.
2.5 Your Right to Delete Personal Information
You have
the right to request we delete
your personal information. We honor such requests, unless an exception applies, such as when the information is necessary to complete the transaction or contract for which it was collected or when it is being used to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, comply with laws, identify and repair bugs or ensure another consumer’s ability to exercise their free speech rights or other rights provided by law.
3. The CCPA Categories of Personal Information We Collect and the Sources
Customer Services Information:
Customer records containing personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, or any other customer related information, opinions and feedback collected from the various types of customer services, surveys, and community site data.
Purchase History and Account Information:
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.
Online, Performance and Technical Information:
Cookie and tracking information such as Internet Protocol address, web beacons, device identifier, Uniform Resource Locator, geolocation data, browser type and language, access times, other unique identifiers and other technical data, server log records (including page requests), data collected by automated means to measure consumer response to online content, error reports and performance information, credentials, telemetry data, Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Our Privacy Policy also describes the information we collect and its sources. Please see the Collection of Personal Information section on our Privacy Policy page for additional details.
4. The CCPA Categories of Personal Information We Share for a “Business Purpose”
We do not sell your personal information. We may use your personal information as described in the Use and Sharing of Personal Information section on our Privacy Policy page.
Questions Regarding California Consumer Privacy Act?
If you have any question about this CCPA Disclosure Statement, please contact us at
privacypolicy@sharpsec.com
or by calling our toll-free number: 1-800-BE-SHARP.
Get in Touch
1-800-BE-Sharp
Contact Us
Support
Sharp USA
Business Products
Home Appliances
Home Entertainment
About Sharp
About Us
News
Careers
Press Inquiries
Environmental Awareness
Sharp Social
Business
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Blog
Consumer
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Twitter Support
Tik Tok
Pinterest
YouTube
Houzz
LinkedIn
Blog