https://powerboatlimited.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
| PowerBoatLimited
Rebuilt Outdrives - PowerBoatLimited
Sterndrive Specialist
730 S Marlyn Ave
Essex
MD
21221
800-969-0688
Home
Mercruiser Drives
Merc Alpha-1 Gen 1
Merc Alpha-1 Gen 2
Merc Bravo-1
Merc Bravo 2
Merc Bravo 3
Bravo 3 2006+
Merc Bravo 3 X
Mercruiser TRS
Volvo Stern Drives
Volvo 270 Single prop
Volvo 280 Single Prop
Volvo 280 Duo Prop
Volvo 290 Single Prop
Volvo 290 Duo Prop
Volvo 290 DP-D
Volvo SP
Volvo XDP Composite
Volvo SX – M
Volvo SX-M DP
Volvo SX – A
Volvo SX-A DP
OMC Stern Drives
OMC Electric Shift
OMC 400 Stringer
OMC 800 Stringer
OMC Cobra
OMC King COBRA 88 & 89
OMC King Cobra 90-95
OMC-Cobra Counter Rotation Units
Marine Parts
FAQ
Cart
My Account
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use.
It is our goal to maintain and ensure the privacy of our visitors.  We do not share our mailings, customer lists without unaffiliated third parties.
Information we collection
We collect information for the purpose of creating a better web and buyer experience as well as for quality assurance.
Name
Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Order Information
Purchases:
We use Paypal server system to process transactions on this website and differ to their security and protection services provide.  You may wish to review their privacy policy as well.  They assure buyers that they maintain a safe secure purchasing experience online.
Cookies:
We do not collect cookies for nefairous reasons, but the software installed on our website is designed to provide the best user experience possible. It is possible these applications will use cookies or other methods to better serve you up our web based information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will
post those changes on this page. This policy is valid as of 8/21/2013
What we offer our buyers:
Customer Service
A large selection outdrives, and stern drives.
We believe we have a well trained staff who’s able to help you with your boats outdrive system.
A quality selection of marine engine parts and accessories to meet your needs.
Terms of use.
You hereby to agree to hold harmless PowerBoatLimited and its associated parties for any potential damage while surfing this website.  By use of this site, you agree to Binding Arbitration on all maters which shall be held in the US State in which the PowerBoatLimited is incorporated.
for more information go to  PowerBoatLimited.com  and contact us.
Search for:
Contact
Have Questions Contact Us Today
continue reading...
About Us Who We Are
Our Main- Marine Drive
Center- Find
Us
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
FAQ
View Commonly Asked Questions by simply
continue reading...
Power Boat Limited serves: National and International clients, Middle River Maryland, Essex Maryland, Annapolis Maryland, Havre de Grace MD,
created by TriTella