http://powerstream.net/privacy.htm
Last updated February 4, 2010
www.PowerStream.net
What is housed on the PowerStream
website?
PowerStream's website provides users with information about the company,
products, services, client reports, and the ability to contact PowerStream with
questions relating to any of those topics.
What personally-identifying
information is collected by PowerStream website?
If they choose, visitors to
PowerStream's website can voluntarily fill out various forms to request more
information. The forms for potential PowerStream clients can be used to collect
personally-identifying information such as: names, addresses, e-mail addresses
and telephone and fax numbers. All personally-identifying information is
provided on an opt-in basis.
How does PowerStream use this
personally-identifying information collected on PowerStream's website?
PowerStream uses the personally-identifying information collected on its site
solely to respond to the individual's request for information. We will include
individuals on the respective distribution lists to send them the information
they requested. PowerStream uses a third party to send the requested information
via e-mail. We may contact individuals via telephone using the provided
telephone information. With the exception of information provided securely to
PowerStream's third party e-mail service provider (for the sole purpose of
sending user requested information) PowerStream does not, and will not,
disclose, transfer, release, sell, rent, lease, license or give away any of the
personally-identifying information provided to us by, or collected on our
website. PowerStream will also disclose this information in response to
subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
How is this
personally-identifying information secured?
To ensure complete confidentiality, collected data is stored in a secure
database environment with appropriate system and procedural controls.
PowerStream also employs appropriate backup and contingency plans to prevent
data loss.
What are my choices? How do I
opt-out of the website-specific mailing lists and services?
After opting-in you may choose to opt-out from any mailing lists that you have
subscribed to at any time. You may also choose to delete your
personally-identifying information at any time as well. For lists and services
that relate specific to the PowerStream website, please send your opt-out
request to:
PowerStream
Attn: Office of Privacy
P.O. Box 1333
Royal Oak, MI
48068
Can I review and delete my
personally-identifying information collected by the PowerStream website?
You can mail your request to delete your personally-identifying information to:
PowerStream
Attn: Office of Privacy
P.O. Box 1333
Royal Oak, MI
48068
PowerStream will provide review and request the
deletion of your personally-identifying information, in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations. In most cases, you can expect a response to
your request within 14 business days.
Does this site use cookies?
The PowerStream.net web site does not use persistent cookies. We may use
non-stored session cookies and/or action tags (aka: Web beacons or pixel gifs)
at this site to understand web site usage and to resolve any problems, for
example, in navigation, thus enhancing your experience at this site. Usage of
cookies and/or action tags is in no way linked to any personally identifiable
information while on our site.
Does this site use standard log
files?
Like most standard Web site servers, we use log files. This includes Internet
protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to
analyze trends, administer the site, and track user's movement in the aggregate.
How is notice of change given?
PowerStream reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time. Our
web site will state the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review our
privacy policy whenever you use this web site to make sure you understand how
your information will be used. If we materially change how we use your personal
information, we will notify via a prominent notice prior to implementing the
change.
Cookies
PowerStream uses anonymous cookies in the process of delivering content. These
cookies temporarily store technical system information to ensure the best
playback experience when content is requested from PowerStream. Cookies are tiny
packets of information, usually less than one kilobyte, stored in the temp files
on your hard drive, and are used by web sites to recognize a computer they have
encountered before. Our cookie does not include your name, or anything personal
to you. It simply tells us that we have encountered your computer at some point
(e.g., when you viewed one of our clients’ content). Most of the web sites you
visit use some form of cookie to keep track of business on the Internet.
While we believe that cookies enhance the web
experience for the user by storing technical information to provide you with a
better experience, they are not essential to our delivering content. Simply
disable cookies in your browser to prevent the storage function.
Blocking Cookies
Many web sites store information in a small text
file on your computer, called a cookie. There are several types of cookies, and
you can choose whether to allow some, none, or all of them to be saved on your
computer.
A first-party cookie is used by the web site you
are currently viewing. These cookies are commonly used to store information,
such as your preferences when visiting that site. If you do not allow first
party cookies, you may not be able to view some web sites or take advantage of
customized features (such as local news and weather, or stock quotes).
A third-party cookie is used by a web site
different from the one you are currently viewing. Third-party web sites usually
provide some content on the web site you are viewing. In some cases PowerStream
may provide a third party cookie when our clients embed content hosted on our
system in their web page. In this case our system will store technical
information in the initialization of the stream. This is t provide you with the
best viewing experience for the requested content.
Most browsers offer robust options in relation
to cookies. The default settings in all major browsers accept cookies. However,
by altering your browser settings, you can choose to automatically block cookies
from specific web sites, from all web sites, from web sites without a privacy
policy, or from all third parties. Consult the help manual for your browser for
detailed information.
Blocking Third Party Cookies
(including the PowerStream cookie)
Included below are instructions for blocking third party cookies in some of the
most common browsers. If your browser or version is not listed here, or you wish
to treat cookies in some other way, please refer to your browser's help menu or
printed manual for instructions.
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.x
1.
Menu: Tools-Internet Options
2.
Select Tab: Privacy
3.
Click Button: Advanced (just below center of the page)
4.
Check Box: “Override Automatic Cookie Handling”
5.
Click Radio Button corresponding to “Block” Third party cookies
Firefox (by Mozilla)
1.
Menu: Tools > Options
2.
Click the Privacy panel and then click on the Cookies label.
3.
Check Box: “for the originating Web site only”
Netscape Navigator 4.x and above
1.
Menu: Edit > Preferences
2.
Select Category: Advanced
3.
Find section: Cookies
4.
Select “Accept only cookies that get sent back to the originating
server.”
Use of Web Beacon
PowerStream Web pages may contain
electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs -
that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to
count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. We
may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in
order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. PowerStream
may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile
aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our site or other
operations of our sites. We prohibit Web beacons on our sites from being used by
third parties to collect or access your personal information.
Complaints
Please e-mail questions or requests for more
information about PowerStream's privacy policies to info@powerstream.net. If you
feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may
contact us at the above addresses or phone number, state or local chapters of
the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office, The
Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or
electronically at
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Anonymous Content-Serving Process
Platform for Privacy Preferences
Project (P3P)
PowerStream is in compliance with the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) P3P
specifications for cookies used in serving content on behalf of our clients. You
can view the P3P specifications at www.w3.org/p3p. You can view our full content serving P3P policy by
clicking here.
What information is collected by
the content serving process?
When an Internet user visits a web site where one of our clients' content or web
beacons are placed, we may collect and store information about the
visit--including the user's anonymous cookie ID, the specific content posted on
the site, and the time and place of delivery. If the user clicked on the
content, we collect and store that action. We do not know the name, phone
number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about
the user. The identities of all users who see content from a PowerStream server
remain completely anonymous to us. We do
collect information about how many times users view and click on our clients'
content. We may collect the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses from users when we
serve content or web beacons on a web site.
How is this anonymous information
used?
The anonymous information that we collect is used only by the specific clients
who hire us to deliver content, and only in the context of their selection of
content and our reporting of delivery effectiveness. In order to assess a
program's effectiveness, we will report to our client our analysis of the
anonymous data in a summarized format. On occasion, our clients ask us to send
them, or their agents, our anonymous data that is collected on their specific
content. In these situations, we send our anonymous data. We recommend that you
visit our clients' web sites to review their privacy policies and contact them
directly if you have questions about their information practices.
Some of PowerStream's clients, or their agents,
might receive anonymous web traffic behavior from us. Each client has warranted
that the information it receives shall be used in compliance with applicable
laws and regulations, and if information is linked to personally-identifying
information, it shall be linked in a manner that is in compliance with the Self
Regulatory Principles Governing Online Preference Marketing promulgated by the
NAI. We recommend that you visit our clients' web sites to review their privacy
policies and contact them directly if you have questions about their information
practices.
PowerStream will also disclose this information
in response to subpoenas, court orders or legal process.
How is this anonymous information
secured?
We store this anonymous information securely at the PowerStream data centers.
PowerStream has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and
alteration of the information under our control, including password controls.
Can I correct or update anonymous
information about me?
The data that we collect in the content serving and tracking process is
completely anonymous to us -- we do not associate it with any identified person.
Because we do not know the person associated with our anonymous data, we cannot
give anyone access to or the ability to change this anonymous information.
How long is anonymous cookie data
retained?
We may retain our anonymous cookie data for up to two years. Aggregate reports
generated from this data may be kept longer.
Anti-Spyware Tools
PowerStream supports the efforts of the
government and industry to control spyware – malicious programs that damage
computers or steal personally identifiable information. Anti-Spyware tools can
be helpful in both identifying and removing spyware, and are often available for
free, or bundled with other software or hardware.
Unfortunately, some creators of anti-spyware
programs have chosen to search for cookies as well as spyware programs, causing
confusion about cookies. As discussed elsewhere in this policy, cookies are not
software programs - they are simple text files, which are used by companies to
recognize a particular browser from one web page to another.
PowerStream does not use spyware.
All we do is set anonymous cookies. We do NOT have access to any of your files
or personal information. Cookies cannot hijack or redirect your browser, and
cannot be used to access stored information on your computer.