https://powerboatlimited.com/return-policy/
Rebuilt Outdrives - PowerBoatLimited
Sterndrive Specialist
730 S Marlyn Ave
Essex
MD
21221
800-969-0688
Home
Mercruiser Drives
Merc Alpha-1 Gen 1
Merc Alpha-1 Gen 2
Merc Bravo-1
Merc Bravo 2
Merc Bravo 3
Bravo 3 2006+
Merc Bravo 3 X
Mercruiser TRS
Volvo Stern Drives
Volvo 270 Single prop
Volvo 280 Single Prop
Volvo 280 Duo Prop
Volvo 290 Single Prop
Volvo 290 Duo Prop
Volvo 290 DP-D
Volvo SP
Volvo XDP Composite
Volvo SX – M
Volvo SX-M DP
Volvo SX – A
Volvo SX-A DP
OMC Stern Drives
OMC Electric Shift
OMC 400 Stringer
OMC 800 Stringer
OMC Cobra
OMC King COBRA 88 & 89
OMC King Cobra 90-95
OMC-Cobra Counter Rotation Units
Marine Parts
FAQ
Cart
My Account
Return Policy
14 day return Policy
All returns must have a Returns Goods Authorization (RGA) number. Please send us your order number and reason for return. You must call (443) 255-2771 to obtain the number or e-mail us.   Any item returned without authorization will not be considered for return.
Returned merchandise must be in new uninstalled condition in the original packaging.
No returns after 14 days from the receipt of sale.
All returns are less shipping costs and subject to a 20% restocking fee.
All sales are considered final 15 days from the date of receipt.
Shipping costs on all returned parts is the responsibility of the buyer.
In the event an item is sold with “free shipping”, PowerBoatLimited, will refund the amount of sale, less the actual shipping costs to customer.
Shipping is non refundable.
Any damaged or installed parts will be refused and returned to the buyer at their expense.
All shortages and damages must be reported to PowerBoatLimited within 24 hours of receiving your package.
PowerBoatLimited must be notified of any defective part within 7 days of receipt.
If shortage or damage is discovered upon inspection of your package please call 1-443-255-2771 or contact us via e-mail.
If error is on the part of PowerBoatLimited, the error will be corrected and the customer will be reimbursed or shipped the shorted item with no additional shipping charges.
All warranty claims are solely the responsibility of the manufacturer.
PowerBoatLimited, makes no warranty, expressed or implied, over and above that of the manufacturers of the products purchased. All products not rebuilt by PowerBoatLimited are covered by their own manufactures warranty and any claims should be directed appropriately.
There are NO returns on any electrical products. We do offer the manufacturer’s warranty for any defective item sold, including electrical products.
Fraudulent Returns will be prosecuted and subject to civil actions.
IMPORTANT – Our Rebuilt Stern Drives are a Custom Configured Item and due to this in some cases are not returnable as they are built to specific specification.  All drives are subject to a 20% restocking charge.
Purchase and Use
You agree to pay for all purchases made from this website and its components.
Reconditioned Outdrives: You agree that opening drive cases, removing parts, changing parts, altering settings without prior written permission voids the warranty as well as any claims.
You agree upon site use that you shall hold harmless site administrators, hosting companies, web development team from an unauthorized use of this website and its components. Or, a maximum of $1 US Dollar.
All disputes arising from or relating to site use, purchase, privacy , returns and agreements shall be settled within the Jurisdiction of the: United States of American, specifically the  State of Maryland .  All legal matters and disputes  shall be conducted  in the  Courts of Maryland, and its agencies.  You waive any and all rights related to any other Jurisdiction were you may reside, conduct business or where you have received goods upon purchase from this website and its components.components shall refer to but not limited to: Plugins, programs, gateways, content,  images, web pages,  processing and ordering systems,
Contact us if you have any other questions.
Other related pages to Terms and Conditions related to sale and use of site:
Core Charge Deposit – Review your core Charge description
Privacy Police – We do not sell our list – Click here
Contact
Have Questions Contact Us Today
continue reading...
About Us Who We Are
Our Main- Marine Drive
Center- Find
Us
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
FAQ
View Commonly Asked Questions by simply
continue reading...
Power Boat Limited serves: National and International clients, Middle River Maryland, Essex Maryland, Annapolis Maryland, Havre de Grace MD,
created by TriTella