http://printermedic.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookies/
Home
About Us
Consumables
Photocopiers
Refurbished Printers
Maintenance Contracts
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Your Personal Information
Printer Medic does not collect any personal information from you by way of cookies or by any other method.
Cookies – what are they?
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. The cookie will help the website, or another website, to recognise your device the next time you visit and may assist with keeping you logged in, remembering your preferences or for tracking usage to improve performance.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. View Google’s privacy policy.
We also have ‘follow me’ buttons and ‘share’ buttons, each of which will create a cookie that keeps track of what it’s doing. It’s a bit like a road map, the cookies being the signposts. If we didn’t have cookies even your ‘back’ button would not work because it would not know where you came from to take you back to.
What if I don’t want the cookies?
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
Below are the Options you have if you use Mozilla Firefox.   Select the options that you want and click OK.   In this example the tracking cookies are disabled as are the third party cookies.
Blocking all your cookies will also mean major difficulties if you shop anywhere online.   When you log in to your favourite auction site or shopping site and get a welcome message it is generated from a cookie.
What other forms do cookies take?
Here are some examples:
Your supermarket club card
Your store card
Your mobile phone
Your rewards card
Your credit card
All these are forms of cookies, tracking your movements, your purchasing habits and your store preferences.    It is estimated that everyday we are tracked by up to 300 CCTV cameras as we go about out our business.    The Bluetooth on your mobile phone is constantly on the lookout for shops using Bluetooth advertising.    The GPS facility in your mobile phone is tracking your every movement, metre by metre.
So, what if you really don’t want any cookies!    Hibernate!
It's only fair to share...