https://prisymid.com/privacy-policy/
US: +1 508 948 6100
UK: +44 (0) 118 936 4400
enquiries@prisymid.com
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Home
Regulated Labeling
Medical Device
Clinical Trials
Regulated Content
PRISYM 360 Platform
Services & Support
Resources
About Us
Our Customers
Latest News
Media Coverage
Events and Webinars
Careers
Contact
Search
Home > Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Notice: How PrisymID uses your personal information
(last updated 17 April 2018)
Who We are
PrisymID Ltd and PrisymID Support Services Limited (“PrisymID” or “we”) respect your rights regarding use of your personal information (“data”). This notice informs you about how we use your data and what to do if you have concerns.  Your privacy is protected by law and under current legislation in the UK we are designated as the data controller in respect of the data that you provide to us.
How to reach us
You can contact us at legal@prisymid.com or by post to Legal Dept, Tech House, Oaklands Business Centre, Oaklands Park, Wokingham Berkshire RG41 2FD, United Kingdom for any requests or queries in relation to your data.
Why we collect and use your data
The law allows us to use your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so.  Our interests are not overridden by your interests due to the limited data that we collect and the limited use that we make of that data.
We will use your data for some of the following reasons:
To provide advice or guidance about our products and services
To manage our relationship with you or your business.
To manage our contract with you or your business
To develop and carry out marketing activities.
Our legitimate interests in using your data are:
Keeping our records up to date
Working out which of our products and services may interest you and telling you about them
To deliver our products and services to you
To fulfil our contracts and our other legal obligations
To manage payments
To comply with regulations, codes of practice and the like that apply to us
The data that we hold will be the data that you have provided to us through our website, to our representatives or that we have collected through reasonable means including social media and third party providers.  The data will be limited to your name, email address, phone number, office address and other contact information to enable us to fulfil our legitimate interests.  When you use our website we will also collect data about your use through cookies and other internet tracking software.
Sharing your Data
We may share your data within our group of companies which are split between 2 offices: one in the UK and one in Boston, Massachusetts in the USA.  We may also share your data with our service providers (eg CRM system, hosting providers, back-up providers), partners or other companies that we are co-operating with, always solely for the legitimate interests we have stated above and in accordance with data protection laws then in force.
The data may be shared to a different country to the country where the data was disclosed. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the personal data.  When we transfer your data to recipients in other countries, including the USA, we will protect that data as described in this notice.  If you are located in the EEA we will comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data to recipients in countries outside of the EEA.  In such cases, we will only transfer your personal data if either (a) the country to which the data will be transferred has been granted a European Commission adequacy decision, (b) the recipient is in the US and has certified to the US-EU Privacy Shield Framework or (c) we have  put in place appropriate safeguards, for example the EU model clauses.  Otherwise, where permitted by law, we will ensure that your data is protected by appropriate safeguards, that your rights are enforceable and that effective legal remedies are available to you.
We may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business, or our assets. Or we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. During any such process, we may share your data with other parties. We’ll only do this if they agree to keep your data safe and private.
Retaining your Data
We will retain your data for as long as reasonably required to fulfil the purpose for which we collected it plus a further short period in case the purpose recurs and to facilitate our data retention policies.  We will then delete it unless we are legally required to keep it longer, for example for financial, legal, archive or audit purposes.
Your Rights
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, you may have the following rights in relation to the data that we hold about you:
- to request confirmation of whether we process personal data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that personal data
- to request that we rectify or update your personal data if it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated
- to request that we erase your personal data in certain circumstances
- to request that we restrict the use of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as while we consider a different request that you have submitted
- to withdraw your consent or to object to our processing of your data
- to request a copy of your data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format in certain circumstances.
You may contact us as detailed in the ‘How to reach us’ section above.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in your country.  You can find the contact information of the data protection supervisory authority in your country here.
If you choose not to give personal information
We may need to collect personal information by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you.
If you choose not to give us this personal information, it may delay or prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we cannot perform services needed to run your accounts or policies. It could mean that we cancel a product or service you have with us.
Any data collection that is optional would be made clear at the point of collection.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to tell you about our products and services, ‘marketing’. The personal information we have for you is made up of what you tell us, and data we collect when you use our services, or from third parties we work with. We study this to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. We can only use your personal information to send you marketing messages if we have either your consent or a ‘legitimate interest’, so a business or commercial reason to use your information. It must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you.  You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting us at any time.
Cookies
To find out more about how we use cookies please see our Security and Cookies policy at https://prisymid.com/security-cookies-policy/
PRISYM ID
PRISYM ID
HomeRegulated Labeling
Medical DeviceClinical Trials Back
Regulated ContentPRISYM 360 Platform
Services & Support Back
ResourcesAbout Us
Our CustomersLatest NewsMedia CoverageEvents and WebinarsCareers Back
Contact
Search
× Close Panel