https://privacy.niit.com/Customer.html
PRIVACY POLICY
1.  Introduction
NIIT ("our training
partner"), collects personal information from you in order to manage our
learning services. The information you provide will help NIIT capture the
training requirements, record training participation, and manage the training
resources. Your information will be processed and disclosed in line with the
applicable data privacy law and retained during the training contract period.
If you have any questions with respect to this, please contact the Privacy Office.
This privacy policy relates to the use of any personal information collected
from you by NIIT towards delivery of training services.
NIIT Limited (hereafter referred to
as “NIIT”) is committed to protect your and your family's personal information
provided on this website. We want our services to be safe and secure for you.
Uniform practices for collecting, using, disclosing, storing, retaining,
disposing, accessing, transferring, or otherwise processing such information
assist NIIT to process personal information fairly and appropriately,
disclosing it and/or transferring it only under appropriate circumstances. The
following privacy policy relates to our use of any personal information we
collect from you.
This privacy policy informs how we
use your personal information collected through this website. This policy will
be updated subject to any changes in information collection, activities
performed, or any applicable regulations. You are encouraged to review the
privacy policy whenever you visit this website, to make sure that you
understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Please Note:
The privacy practices set forth in
this privacy policy are for this website only. If you use an external link to
other websites, please review those privacy policies too, which may be very
different.
2.   Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to
highlight various obligations, best practices, and tools that support
compliance with data privacy regulations applicable to NIIT in its role as both
a data controller and a processor.
3.   Applicability
This policy applies to all NIIT
personnel, operating units, and wholly owned subsidiaries worldwide.
4.      Collection
and Use of Information
4.1   What Information We Collect from You
NIIT collects, processes, and
retains information about you when you visit our website. You may choose
to provide us with information, such as your name, email address, company
information, street address, telephone number, or other information, to access
protected information on the website or so that we can follow up with you after
your visit based on your consent. Personal information may include, but is not
limited to:
·
Your name
and physical address, email addresses, telephone numbers, academic information,
and work experience
4.2   How We Use Your Information
Any of the information we collect
from you may be used in one of the following ways:
i.To
provide training services: We
shall use your personal data to organize training batches and resource planning
as relevant to training services.
ii.               To communicate regarding training
sessions: Your information
helps us keep you posted on your training schedules and communicate with you
regarding training requirements, follow-ups, and feedback.
iii.              To customize content and improve
the quality of service: NIIT
may use your personal information to help create and personalize training
content. Geographic information may be used to assess the page response time
and provide a better user experience.
iv.              To obtain third-party services: We also share essential personal information with third
parties who provide training services. When NIIT shares personal information
with third-party service providers, we require that they use your personal
information and other information only for the purpose of providing services to
us and subject to terms consistent with this policy.
5.   Fairness and
Purpose
NIIT will collect adequate, relevant, and necessary
personal information and will process such information fairly and lawfully for
the purpose it is collected. The purpose of collection will be specified not
later than at the time of data collection, or on each occasion of the change of
purpose.
6.   Accuracy of
Information
The information held by NIIT on this
website shall be checked with you from time to time to ensure that it remains
up to date. Should your personal circumstances change, you should notify us
immediately. Refer to Section “Privacy Contact Information.”
7.   Distribution
of Information
7.1 Information Disclosure
NIIT does not share, sell, rent, or
trade personal information collected through our website, with third parties
for any purpose other than that outlined in this Privacy policy. NIIT may share
information with third-party service providers contracted to provide services
on our behalf for processing to provide you training-related services. These
third-party service providers may use information we provide to them only as
requested and instructed by NIIT.
i.NIIT may
disclose your personal information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate:
a)
under
applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence;
b)
to comply
with the legal process;
c)
to respond
to requests from public and government authorities, including public and
government authorities outside your country of residence, for national
security, and/or law enforcement purposes;
d)
to enforce
our terms and conditions; and
e)
to allow us
to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
ii.   Additionally, in the event of a
reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other
disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including
in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we may transfer the
personal information we have collected to the relevant third party.
iii.  We may share information with governmental
agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation.
We may do so when:
a)
permitted
or required by law; or
b)
trying to
protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized
transactions; or
c)
Investigating
fraud that has already taken place. The information is not provided to these
companies for marketing purposes.
If NIIT goes through a business
transition, such as a merger, an acquisition by another company, or a sale of
all or a portion of its assets, your personal information collected through our
website(s) may be among the assets transferred. A prominent notice will appear
on our website(s) for 30 days after any such change in ownership or control of
your personal information.
7.2   Cross-Border Data Transfers
When
conducting business, working on NIIT projects, or implementing new processes or
systems, an operation may require the transfer of personal information to other
entities or third parties that are located outside of the NIIT operation’s
country of business. While permissible data transfer mechanisms are defined by
the applicable law or regulation, examples include:
i.a data
transfer agreement with the party who will access or obtain the personal
information;
ii.notice
to and/or approval from a country’s local data protection authority; or
iii.notice
to and/or consent from the individual whose data is to be transferred.
8.   Consent and
Control
8.1 Consent
Consent
is often referred to as an individual’s choice to “opt in” or “opt out” of
NIIT’s use of personal information and is usually obtained by a “check box” or
signature confirming that the individual understands and agrees to the
processing of his or her personal information. At times, express written consent
from the individual may be required based on the information-processing
activity. NIIT receives consent from individuals before:
i.collecting,
using, or processing their personal information, including sensitive personal
information, in certain ways or sharing their personal information with any
third party;
ii.transferring
the individuals’ personal information outside of their country of residence; or
iii.using
or placing web cookies on an individual’s computer or other electronic devices.
8.2 Control of Your Information
NIIT
also provides individuals with the right to control their personal information,
which includes the right to access, modify, erase, restrict, transmit, or
object to certain uses of their information.
You may request to review, correct,
update, suppress, or otherwise modify any of your personal information that you
have previously provided to us, or object to the use or processing of such
personal information by us. Please send your requests to us via email. Refer to
Section “Privacy Contact Information.”
In your request, please make clear
what personal information you would like to have changed, whether you would
like to have your personal information that you have provided to us suppressed
from our database, or otherwise what limitations you would like to put on our
use of your personal information that you have provided to us. NIIT may conduct
an owner verification check to ascertain the identity of the requester.
While the majority of questions and
issues related to access can be handled quickly, complex requests may take more
effort and time. In such cases, issues will be addressed, or you will be
contacted regarding the nature of the problem and appropriate next steps,
within 30 days.
9.   Data Storage
Your personal information is stored
on the cloud provider partner systems. For further information on data storage,
please visit our supplier website https://aws.amazon.com/.
Data privacy policy of the cloud
provider is at  https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/.
10. Commitment to
Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept
secure. Only authorized employees, business partners, clients, vendors, and
other third-party providers (who have agreed to keep information secure and
confidential) have access to this information. Data access is strictly on a
need-to-know, least privilege principle.
NIIT ensures that our supplier
employs industry-standard security measures to ensure the security of
information through legally binding terms and conditions. However, users of our
website are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID,
or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to
password-protected or secure areas of the websites. Access to and use of
password-protected and/or secure area of this website are restricted to
authorized users only. Any unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and
may lead to criminal prosecution.
10.1 Use of Cookies
We use various technologies to
collect and store information when you visit our website, and this may include
using cookies or similar technology to identify your browser or device. The
information collected via cookies or URLs visited can be used for an Analytics
product such as Google Analytics to customize or enhance our services. You can
configure your browser to refuse cookies, or to warn you before a cookie is
placed. If you disable cookies, some parts of our websites may not function
properly or at all.
10.2 EU–U.S. Privacy Shield
Statement
NIIT complies with the EU–U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as
set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and
retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the
United States. NIIT has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres
to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in
this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the more restrictive
of the policy will prevail.
11. Retention and
Disposal
We keep your Personally Identifiable
Information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the
Personally Identifiable Information is processed. The length of time we retain
Personally Identifiable Information for depends on the purposes for which we
collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to
establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Where NIIT Services are being provided
through an agreement, the retention and disposal of records will be governed by
the client agreement.
12. Supplier
Obligations
Our supplier being the cloud service provider
for this website and therein being the custodian of information will be liable
for the management of the following:
i.security
of the personal information
ii.appropriate
retention and disposal of personal information
iii.appropriate
storage of personal information
Please read the supplier privacy policy for further
information at  https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/.
13. Your Consent
Please refer to the end of this
policy for providing your consent. Your consent to personal data collection and
processing may be revoked by notifying us via email (Refer to Section “Privacy
Contact Information.”). For users below the age of 16, the consent should be
provided by the holder of parental responsibility of the child.
Please note, in case you choose to
not provide us with the consent or withdraw the consent at any given point of
time, we shall not be able to provision the services as detailed in Section 4.2
of this policy.
14. Privacy
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy
Statement or if you need to update, change, or remove information, you can do
so by contacting Privacy Office at NIIT by email addressed to: PrivacyOffice@niit.com.