http://privacy.cis.upenn.edu/
--
Home
--  Contributors
--  Software
--  Publications
--
A wealth of data about individuals is
constantly accumulating in various databases in the form of medical
records, social network graphs, mobility traces in cellular networks,
search logs, and movie ratings, to name only a few. There are many
valuable uses for such datasets, but it is difficult to realize these
uses while protecting privacy. Even when data collectors try to protect
the privacy of their customers by releasing anonymized or aggregated
data, this data often reveals much more information than intended. To
reliably prevent such privacy violations, we need to replace the
current ad-hoc solutions with a principled data release mechanism that
offers strong, provable privacy guarantees. Recent research on differential
privacy has brought us a big
step closer to achieving this goal. Differential privacy allows us to
reason formally about what an adversary could learn from released data,
while avoiding the need for many assumptions (e.g. about what an
adversary might already know), the failure of which have been the cause
of privacy violations in the past. However, despite its great promise,
differential privacy is still rarely used in practice. Proving that a
given computation can be performed in a differentially private way
requires substantial manual effort by experts in the field, which
prevents it from scaling in practice.
This project aims to
put differential privacy to work---to build a system that supports
differentially private data analysis, can be used by the average
programmer, and is general enough to be used in a wide variety of
applications. Such a system could be used pervasively and make strong
privacy guarantees a standard feature wherever sensitive data is being
released or analyzed. The
long-term goal is to combine ideas from differential privacy,
programming languages, and distributed systems to make data analysis
techniques with strong, provable privacy guarantees practical for
general use.