http://privacy.cs.cmu.edu/seminar/index.html
New Certificate and Part-Time Online Options Now Available!
New Part-Time online and certificate options are now available for students applying to start in Fall 2021. These options are particularly well-suited for students who cannot afford to leave their existing jobs. The Part-Time online option will enable students to earn their degree in as little as 24 months.  Program requirements and the degree awarded are identical to those of the full-time on-campus program. The Privacy Engineering Certificate program offers accreditation upon completion of an intensive 8-week program with coursework offered remotely over weekends .
To learn more and apply online:
Part-Time Masters   Certificate Program
Privacy Engineering at Carnegie Mellon
We live in a data economy. Nearly every product, service or process with which we interact collects and processes some data about us. This data goes on to feed machine learning algorithms designed to predict our tastes, our habits, our future behaviors, or future possible health ailments to name just a few of the many different ways in which our data is consumed. Along with this increasing dependence on personal data, we have seen the emergence of increasingly stringent regulations designed to keep organizations that collect and process our data accountable. Regulations such as GDPR and CCPA also come with steep penalties for organizations that fail to meet their requirements. These developments have in turn created unprecedented demand for professionals capable of operating at the intersection of law and technology and led to the emergence of Privacy Engineering as a highly desirable career and one for which there is a significant shortage today.
Our Programs
MSIT - Privacy Engineering
Privacy Engineering Certificate
Rapid Growth
According to the International Association of Privacy Professionals, the average salary for a Privacy Engineer is $136,000, and those with a Privacy Technologist certification earn over $170,000 on average in the United States.  Armed with a privacy engineering certificate, graduates from this program will be well prepared to compete in this new and fast-growing job market.
Our Programs
Masters Program
Earn your Masters degree in Privacy Engineering. Full and Part-time options available.
Certificate Program
Earn your certification in Privacy Engineering in just 8 weeks.