http://public.campana.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Internet is rapidly changing the way all of us communicate and interact with each other. While it allows us to access a greater array of information and services, these online activities do raise new challenges, such as the privacy issues addressed in this policy.  Campana Systems Inc. (Campana) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses what personally identifiable information is collected on our website, how the information is used, with whom the information may be shared, the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control and how you can correct any inaccuracies.
What We Collect
We use your IP address only to help identify you. Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address) and unique identifiers (like the customer number previously assigned to your site, or a user code previously assigned to authorized individuals). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Unique identifiers (such as previously mentioned customer numbers or user code) are simply used to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. The only personal information “collected” is through the functions “Request a Brochure” and “Request a Manual” and is limited to a mailing address and contact for the purpose of completing the request.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect and process data. For more information about how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Links
This site contains links to other sites, outside the control of Campana that we think you may find useful. If you click on these links, you will leave Campana and enter sites where Campana is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their Privacy Policy may differ from ours.
Sharing
In cases where we believe your business interests will be served, Campana may share your information with Campana business partners, (i.e. licensors of third party hardware or software products that you have purchased through Campana) in order to validate both your license and any applicable maintenance program. Campana will not otherwise share, in any manner, any Personally Identifiable Information derived from our business relationship.
Although unlikely, Campana may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to appropriate governmental authorities. If requested by law enforcement or judicial authorities, we will provide the information upon receipt of the appropriated documentation.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain personal information, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information you yourself supply. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. While Campana does not currently use cookies on our website, we may do so in the future, at which time this Privacy Statement will be updated. Google may read or write cookies on your browser, as part of Google Analytics.
Use
Campana may use information the users have voluntarily provided in order to send out electronic newsletters, faxes and other literature requested by them. It can also be used to enable users to participate in surveys or forums hosted on our server.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and unique identifiers (like their customer number). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Unique identifiers (such as customer numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. On certain pages we give users the option of providing us with names, addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses and other personal information. This personal information is not gathered by us without the users’ knowledge, active permission and participation.
Email
This email and any attachments may contain confidential and privileged information which is not subject to public disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return email and delete this email. Any dissemination or use of this information by a person other than the intended recipient is unauthorized and may be illegal.
Public Forums
This site makes user forums and/or product user groups available to its end users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas is in a non-encrypted format, is available to, and viewed by other users of the forum, and risks becoming public information. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Campana operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
Corrections/Updates/Opt-Out
This site provides users the opportunity to change or modify the information previously provided, as well as opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for the modification, correction or removal of their information from our database, or to not receive future communications nor no longer receive our service.
You can send email to privacy@campana.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Campana Systems Inc.
103 Randall Drive, Unit 2
Waterloo, Ontario
N2V 1C5
You can call the following telephone number: 226.336.8057
Contacting About the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Information Privacy Officer
Campana Systems Inc.
103 Randall Drive, Unit 2
Waterloo, Ontario
Canada
N2V 1C5
privacy@campana.com