http://pueblo.sourceforge.net/doc/privacy.php
Pueblo/UE Privacy Policy
We just thought it would be a good idea to explain in more detail and
upfront any possible privacy concerns that may arise from use of the
Pueblo/UE client software or website.
Similar information has always
been provided in the readme and in the About dialog.
We respect your
privacy -- and if you're paranoid and don't believe us, since Pueblo/UE
is open source you can verify it for yourself! :-)
If you have any concerns, or desire further clarification, then please
feel free to contact us using the feedback link to the left.
Website Privacy
Like all websites, the server automatically logs your IP address, browser
identification string (not a unique id, just an indicator of the name and
version of your browser software, and by extension what operating system
you are running it on), which page you are visiting, and which page you
just came from.
This happens whenever you visit any page of the site, and
is outside our control (meaning that we can't turn it off).
This information contains no "personal" information, with the possible
exception of the IP address.
Even that doesn't really count, since most
people (especially home users) have a dynamic IP address, meaning that the
next time you visit, it will probably be different, and therefore useless
as a means of identification.
We do not use tracking cookies (or indeed any other sort of cookies), so
your privacy while browsing our site is assured.
What little information
we do gather is used only to improve the site (for example, by discovering
and correcting broken links).
Software Privacy
There are three potential areas of privacy concern in the Pueblo/UE client
software itself:
Registration
Free registration is required to continue using the Pueblo/UE software.
This involves filling in a little questionnaire provided within the client
itself.
Information entered here (with the single exception of the street
address) is then sent to our website and stored in our database.
This
information is not publically accessible, and will never be intentionally
disclosed to any third parties.
(I use the word "intentionally" because
someone might hack into our system and obtain the information.
But it's
unlikely.)
Since Pueblo/UE does not contain any kind of unique installation, user, or
computer-specific id, there is no way for anyone to correlate a particular
installation of Pueblo/UE with a registration entry in our database.
At
the time of writing this statement, the registration info itself has not
been used for anything at all -- it's been collected merely for historical
reasons (ie. Pueblo 2.01 did it too).
Again, we will never willingly give
ANY registration details to any third parties, nor use them to send spam.
We hate spam.
It is possible (although unlikely) that some information
may be used (in aggregate form only) to show some statistics on the website;
for example, the percentages of male and female users of Pueblo/UE.
But
again, however we use the information, there will be no way to
"reverse-engineer" it back to individual details.
World and version tracking
At certain times, Pueblo/UE will contact its central server in order to
perform a version check and collect usage data.
The information provided
by this is stored in our database, along with the time that it occurred.
While the communication is in the form of an HTTP request (thereby meaning
that we receive your IP address), neither the IP address nor any other
personal or computer-identifying id is stored.
Specifically:
On startup, Pueblo/UE will contact our server in order to perform a
version check.
If you do not have the latest version of Pueblo/UE, it
will then display a dialog box informing you that a later version is
available, and giving you the option of visiting our website in order
to download it.
The only information (other than the time) sent on
this event is the version of Pueblo/UE that you are currently using.
When you connect to or disconnect from a world, Pueblo/UE notifies us
of the version you are using, the hostname, and the port number of the
world.
It also notifies us if the world claims to be Pueblo-enhanced
or not.
It's important to note that it does NOT send your
username and/or password, nor does it send us any commands you enter or
content displayed by the world itself.
Also, since we do not store any
identifying information, there is no way for us to even associate a
particular connection with a disconnection, so we cannot even tell how
long you are connected for.
Currently, the world connection information is not used for anything, though
we do intend sometime in the future to cross-check it against the Pueblo/UE
World List, thereby allowing us to determine if a certain world is
Pueblo-enhanced but not listed as such (or the reverse), or if a world is
popular (connected to frequently), but not listed at all -- telling us that
perhaps we should add it to the list.
It's also worth pointing out that just like the registration, this is
nothing new -- Pueblo 2.01 did and does the exact same thing.
All of this
tracking information is only stored online for a very brief time before it
is transferred to offline storage, so someone hacking into our system would
see very little data -- and what little they could see wouldn't be of much
use to a hacker anyway, since there's nothing personal there.
World-displayed or user-entered content
Pueblo/UE provides a means whereby you can connect to a world, send commands
to it, and receive content back.
As far as Pueblo is concerned, this is a
closed loop -- it does not send any of this information either to us or to
any third parties.
However, there are two important points you should bear in mind:
The connection is not encrypted.
This means that it is possible
for someone else to intercept your communication in-transit, without the
knowledge of you, Pueblo, or of the world.
The Internet is not an
inherently secure medium.
However due to the size of the Internet, the
chances of this happening to you are fairly remote.
Most clients have a logging feature.
And that includes Pueblo.
This means that it's possible for your words or actions to "come back to
haunt you," if some witness to the event happened to have their client
performing logging at the time.
(Or, for that matter, simply
copy&pasted it into another application.)
uecasm@users.sf.net
Website copyright © 2001-05 by Ultra Enterprises.
Chaco, Pueblo, and the Chaco logo were trademarks of Andromedia, Inc.
(About)
Ultra Enterprises, UE, Pueblo/UE, and the UE logo are trademarks of
Gavin Lambert. (About)