http://quadros.com/2014/04/privacy-policy/
Quadros Systems recognizes privacy and security as a concern for most people using the Internet. We want to make you comfortable with our privacy practices and the security measures we take to protect your personal information. This statement discloses the privacy guidelines for the Quadros Systems web site.
Please read our guidelines to understand the following:
What personally identifiable information do we collect?
Who is collecting the information?
How the information is used?
With whom do we share this information?
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?
How you can correct or change the information we have collected?
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Quadros Systems as set forth in the policy currently in effect. If we decide to change our policy, such changes will be posted here on the Web site, so please check back periodically to ensure you have the most current policy.
What information is collected?
When a visitor registers to access restricted portions of the Web site, Quadros may collect personally identifiable information, including name, title, company, address, e-mail address and phone numbers.
Our web server logs collect the domain names of visitors to our Web sites. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on the Web site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
Who is collecting the information?
When you asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Quadros Systems, Inc. and its reseller network. The Quadros Web site may also contain various links to third-party Web sites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of Quadros, and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these Web sites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Quadros has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
How is my information used?
Quadros Systems’ primary goal in collecting personal information is to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers.
From time to time Quadros Systems does research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual.
With whom does Quadros share my information?
Except as outlined in this policy or on our Web site, Quadros Systems never provides your personal information to third parties without your consent. Quadros Systems may, on occasion, share the information you provide with third-party business partners as part of a specific product, service, or promotion. Quadros Systems may also disclose or access personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Quadros Systems may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Web site to prospective business partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
What choices do I have regarding collection, use and distribution of my information?
Quadros Systems or its business partners may, from time to time, send you e-mail or direct mail regarding our products and services. If you do not want to receive such information, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or follow the directions contained on it to remove your name from our mailing list.
If you ever have questions regarding an e-mail you receive from Quadros Systems or one our business partners, or want to be removed from a mailing list, please contact us at info@quadros.com.
How can I correct or change my personal information?
If you would like to review, correct or change any personal information you have provided, or remove your name from our mailing list, please e-mail us at info@quadros.com.
Additional Information.
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to info@quadros.com. You may also contact us by U.S. mail at:
Quadros Systems, Inc.
Privacy Administration
13850 Gulf Freeway, Suite 122
Houston, Texas 77034
RTXC Quadros RTOS
Engineering Services
Supported Processors
Embedded Ethernet
Embedded Device Security
USB Software
File Systems
Multicore Solutions
Design and Configuration Tools
Skip to toolbar
WordPress.org
Documentation
Support Forums
Feedback
Log in
Register
LeadIn