https://qualitytrainingportal.com/privacy-policy/
Call us at 800-810-8326 or 802-496-5888 (outside North America) or email us.
Learner Login
MAIN MENUMAIN MENUCoursesHow It WorksPricing/BuyResourcesGet Help
Online TrainingPre-SalesFAQs
FREE LESSON!
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 21, 2019
Introduction
Resource Engineering, Inc. is the entity that primarily controls the website you are visiting. We recognize that your privacy is very important, and we take it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your personal information or personal data when you use any Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform which includes the websites QualityTrainingPortal.com, FMEA-Training.com and esplms.com and our Learning Management System, EspritLMS.
This Privacy Policy applies to activities by Resource Engineering, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “Resource Engineering, Inc.” “we” or “us” or “the Platform”).
This privacy notice will inform you as to how we:
Look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from),
Handle your personal data in connection with this website, and
Tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you (“Privacy Policy”).
We have appointed a data protection officer who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your rights in your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Officer.
Training Offered Through Our Business Customers
Unlike our websites, most of the training services of Resource Engineering, Inc. are intended for use by our business customers, and your use of them is administered by your company.
In such cases, authorized personnel at your company may have access to your personal information processed by Resource Engineering, Inc., and your company may have policies applicable to your use of them. Resource Engineering, Inc. is not responsible for our business customers’ policies and practices related to data privacy and security, which may be different from this privacy notice and any applicable notice provide by our business customers.
If your company is administering your use of a Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform service, please contact your company with any privacy questions related to your use of that service. If there is a conflict between this Privacy Policy and an agreement between Resource Engineering, Inc. and its business customer for a Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform service, then the agreement between Resource Engineering, Inc. and its business customer will control.
The Information We Collect
We collect information directly from individuals, from third parties, and automatically through the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform.
Information You, Your Employer or Business Associates Provide
Support and Customer Service – If you contact us for support or to report a problem or concern (regardless of whether you have created an account), we collect and store your contact information, messages, and other data about you like your name, email address, location, operating system, IP address, and any other data you provide or that we collect through automated means (which we cover below). We use this data to respond to you and research your question or concern, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Marketing and Communications – If you chose to join our email list by viewing an online demo lesson or subscribing to our newsletter, we will collect your name and email address and possibly other information including your country, phone number, employer and job title.
Purchasing Training Online – If you purchase online training through the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, you create an account in our online store that includes your name, contact information and the name and contact information of your learner if you are purchasing training for another person. For security, your financial transaction is processed through a third-party payment processor and we do not store sensitive cardholder data, such as full credit card numbers or card authentication data. Use of your personal information is governed by the Privacy Policy of these entities. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, AmericanExpress and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.The payment processors we work with are:
PayPal:  Here is their Privacy Policy.
Chase PaymentTech: Here is their Privacy Policy.
Training/Learner Profile – When you purchase online training through QualityTrainingPortal, you create a profile on the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform where we collect your name, contact information, and course you are registered for. Your profile may also be created by the organization you work for or have a business association with. For example, some professional organizations such as the American Society of Quality (ASQ) offer our training through their Learning Management System which is connected to our Learning Management System, Esprit LMS. In other cases, you may be registered for our training through your employer’s customer or supplier.
Your Training Activity – We collect and store information about your training activity including preferences, agreement to our license, terms of service and privacy policy, bookmarks, test scores and course completion data.
General Communications – When you communicate with us (via email, phone, chat, through the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, or otherwise), we may maintain a record of your communication.
Automatically Collected Information
About Your Activity – We use cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such as your searches, page views, date and time of your visit, and other information about your use of the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform. We also collect and may store information that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location, and requested and referring URLs. We also receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, even if you have not created an account. For more information, see the “Cookies, Pixels and Tracking” section below and our Cookie Policy.
Engagement – We collect browsing information – such as IP address and location, date and time stamp, user agent, Resource Engineering, Inc. cookie ID (if applicable), URL, unique advertising or content identifiers (if applicable) and time zone, and other information about user activities on the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform. We may also receive information about you from third parties, such as other users, partners (including ad partners), or our affiliated companies.
Third Parties or Publicly Available Sources of Information
We may receive analytics data about you from the sources listed below, as well as, public sources. Please use the following links for more information about how Google and Salesforce collect and use data when you visit their partners’ websites or apps:
Google – Used for understanding website usage to improve value to users and increase engagement.
Mailchimp – Used for collecting names and email addresses for eNewsletters on request by users.
Olark – Used for customer and pre-sales support as well as website usage analysis.
Opt-In Monster – Used for collecting names and email addresses for eNewsletters on request by users.
What We Do Not Collect
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How We Use Your Information
We do not sell your personal data – such as your name and contact information – to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes. Resource Engineering, Inc. uses the information we collect for the following purposes:
Provide our Services – To provide you the services we offer on the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, communicate with you about your use of the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, respond to your inquiries, provide troubleshooting, and for other customer service purposes.
Personalization – To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you in the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, to suggest content, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform.
Marketing and Promotions – For marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third party products and services.
Analytics – To gather metrics to better understand how users access and use the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform; to evaluate and improve the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, including the Ad Services and personalization, and to develop new products and services.
Comply with Law – To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
Prevent Misuse – Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy.
How We Share Your Information
We share information as set forth below, and where individuals have otherwise consented:
Service Providers – We may share your information with third party service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as payment processors, hosting providers, auditors, advisors, consultants, customer service and support providers, as well as those who assist us in providing the Ad Services.
Affiliates – The information collected about you may be accessed by or shared with subsidiaries and affiliates of Resource Engineering, Inc., Inc., whose use and disclosure of your personal information is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers – We may disclose or transfer information, including personal information, as part of any merger, sale, and transfer of our assets, acquisition or restructuring of all or part of our business, bankruptcy, or similar event.
Legally Required – We may disclose your information if we are required to do so by law.
Protection of Rights – We may disclose information where we believe it necessary to respond to claims asserted against us or, comply with legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants), enforce or administer our agreements and terms, for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, and protect the rights, property or safety of Resource Engineering, Inc., its users, or others.
Your Content and Activity – If you access training through your organizations account or through a third-party organization, your Training Profile, including your name, profile information, and certain associated activity information is available to the administrators of those accounts.
Metrics – We may share aggregate statistics, metrics and other reports about the content in the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform such as the number of unique user views, demographics about the users who saw their ads or content, conversion rates, and date and time information. We do not share IP addresses or personal information.
Anonymized and Aggregated Data – We may share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular individual.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Resource Engineering, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Resource Engineering, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Resource Engineering, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Cookies, Pixels and Tracking
We use cookies, clear GIFs/pixel tags, JavaScript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms to automatically collect and record information about your usage and browsing activities on the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform. We may combine this information with other information we collect about users. Below, we provide a brief summary of these activities.
These are small files with a unique identifier that are transferred to your browser through our websites. They allow us to remember users who are logged in, to understand how users navigate through and use the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, and to display personalized content and user preferences.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Pixels, web beacons, clear GIFs. These are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which we use to track the online movements of users of the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform and to personalize content. We also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded, so we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications.
Analytics Tools.We may use internal and third-party analytics tools, including Google Analytics. The third-party analytics companies we work with may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services. Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”) within the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform Personalization
We may display personalized content based on information that we have collected via the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform, and through our Pixels, widgets, and buttons embedded on third party sites. We also may report aggregated or de-identified information about the number of users that saw particular content and related audience engagement information to business partners of Resource Engineering, Inc.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
How We Protect Your Information
The security of your information is important to us. Resource Engineering, Inc. has implemented safeguards to protect the information we collect. However, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe, such as choosing a strong password and keeping it private, as well as logging out of your user account, and closing your web browser when finished using the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform on a shared or unsecured device.
Data Retention
How Long Will You Use My Personal Data For?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see “Request erasure” in the Glossary at Section 11 below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Transferring Your Data
Resource Engineering, Inc. is headquartered in the United States, and has operations, entities and service providers in the United States and throughout the world. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or access it in, jurisdictions (including the United States) that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Links to Other Websites
The Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform may contain links to third party sites or online services. We are not responsible for the practices of such third parties, whose information practices are subject to their own policies and procedures, not to this Privacy Policy.
Your Legal Rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Resource Engineering, Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Resource Engineering, Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Contact Us
If you wish to exercise your rights defined in this Privacy Policy or have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Resource Engineering, Inc.
Name or title of DPO: Data Protection Officer
Email address: support@qualitytrainingportal.com
Postal address: PO Box 449, Waitsfield, VT 05673, U.S.A.
Telephone number: 800-810-8326 or 802-496-5888
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on this page. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially change how we treat your personal information, we will endeavor to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice in the Resource Engineering, Inc. Platform or to your email address of record, and where required by law, we will obtain your consent or give you the opportunity to opt out of such changes.
When it comes to customer service, we practice what we preach!
If you have questions or need help, call us or email us.
Our official hours are weekdays 8am to 5pm EST, but you will often talk with a live person outside of those hours if you call.
Calling from North America: Toll-free 800-810-8326
Calling outside of North America: 800-496-5888
Available 24/7/365
Fast & Friendly Support
Solid Content
FeaturesHow It Works
Learning Management
Pricing/Buy Now
Try a Lesson – For FREE!
CoursesCourse Catalog
Courses at a Glance
Core Tools Curriculum
Belt Training Curriculums
ResourcesResource Centers
Newsletter Archives
Blog
Help and SupportPre-Sales Help/FAQ’s
Online Training
Computer-Based Training
A Resource Engineering Company
PO Box 449, Waitsfield, VT 05673 USA
800-810-8326 (Toll-Free)
802-496-5888 (Outside of N. America)
Fax: 802-496-7724
CONTACT US | ABOUT US
© 2020 Resource Engineering, Inc. | Terms of Service • Privacy Policy/GDPR Compliance
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from. By browsing our website, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.OkPrivacy policy