https://radikls.com/privacy/
01202 259187
Follow Us
Home
Services
About Us
Case Studies
Andrew Plant Photography & Video
DEF Electrical
Fencing Centre
Individuality Swimming & Fitness
Psychic Kathryn
Royal Bay
SD Fire Solutions
Seals Direct
Southern Drywall
Westcon
Client List
Join Us
Selling Your Web Design Business
News
Archive Website News
Contact Us
Location
Support
Make A Payment
Enquire
Privacy
Our Commitment To Personal Data
The protection of personal data should be your right. It is our responsibility to do everything we can to protect your data. Data should ONLY be collected when it is required to provide a certain product or service. We will NEVER sell, share or disclose your personal data without your permission unless it is requested by warrant by law enforcement agencies.
Data Retention
Radikls Ltd collects various kinds of information depending on the product or service being ordered by our clients or visitors. In this section, we tell you what information we collect, why we collect it, how long we store it for and where we store it.
Account Information Data (Registration for any of our products or services)
What: We collect full legal name, postal address, email address and telephone numbers when you become a client.
Why: We collect this information to run your account, contact you about the service or product you bought, contact you with important information about our products or services, to invoice or bill you and to provide you with support.
How Long: Client data is stored for the life of the client account. After an account is closed the data will no longer be used for processing, however, it will remain stored for a period of 5 years from the end of the tax year in which you close your account. This is to comply with HMRC tax reporting which is a statutory requirement and so overrules any request to completely remove data.
Where: We store this information securely within a password protected software namely XERO and Salesforce on their cloud servers.
Client Mailing List
What: We collect your name, email address, IP address you signed up from, your consent to send the newsletter.
Why: We use this newsletter to communicate important issues to our clients regarding web hosting or products they have bought from us. This is an operational not a marketing mailing list so we highly recommend you stay subscribed to it. This is our main method of contact to keep you informed about important matters regarding your service with us. It is used for; Update and security notifications, operational notices regarding your products and services and to inform you of scheduled server maintenance. We do not use this list for explicit marketing, however, we may recommend products and services that may help you deal with or overcome a potential issue.
How Long?: For the life of your account with us or until you remove yourself.
Where: This information is stored at Campaign Monitor who is the company that provides our newsletter mailing system. See third-party providers.
Web Design Quote Form
What: Your email address, your name, your contact telephone number, the text of your enquiry, your answers to questions on the form, your current website URL, any attachments you upload.
Why: We store these details so that we may accurately put together a quote for the work which we will email to you.
How Long: Quotes are valid for 30 days and will be stored for 5 years.
Where: We store this information securely within a password protected software namely XERO on their cloud servers.
Remote Storage Of Your Domain Names With Our Registrars
What: Your domain name, your address, your telephone number, your name, payment method, credit card or other financial data.
Why: To facilitate the yearly rental of your domain name with one of our registrars namely Heart, FastHosts (see third party services)
How long: This data is retained according to the policies of the appropriate registrar.
Where: We store this information in our account with the relevant registrar on their servers. See third-party providers for details on how they protect your data.
Backups of Our Website And Our Clients websites
What: Our websites are backed up once a month and for clients on Support services we take monthly backups of their websites or more frequent if in WordPress and they require updates.
Why: For recovery purposes if a site gets damaged, hacked or in the case of hardware failure resulting in data loss.
How Long: These backups are kept for three months then automatically deleted as they are replaced by newer backups.
Where: We store this information on our DropBox account. See third-party providers for details on how they protect your data.
Emails
What: We store emails either in our Gmail accounts or any of our email accounts.
Why: To be able to respond to your questions or carry out any tasks requested.
How Long: All emails whether sent directly or via the support area are stored for a period of 3 years in accordance with UK business email law. This is to keep records in case of a legal dispute.
Where: We store this information on our business email accounts with Heart & Fasthosts in the UK and in Google. See third-party providers for details on how they protect your data.
Use of Cookies On Our Websites
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We use Google Analytics and its Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Third Party Providers And Data Processors
Some of the services we use may process, store or have access to your data to help us run our service to you. We have no control over their processing or data storage however they are all reputable and data protection focussed companies that have been vetted by us. The companies we use are as follows;
Xero – See Privacy Policy link https://www.xero.com/uk/about/terms/privacy/ Salesforce – See Privacy Policy link https://www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/ FastHosts – See Privacy Policy link – https://www.fasthosts.co.uk/terms/privacy-notice Heart Internet – See Privacy Policy link https://www.heartinternet.uk/terms/heart-internet-privacy-statement Guru – See Privacy Policy link https://www.guru.co.uk/support/privacy-policy 123Reg – See Privacy Policy link https://www.123-reg.co.uk/terms/privacy.shtml DropBox – See Privacy Policy link https://www.dropbox.com/en_GB/privacyCampaign Monitor – See Privacy Policy link https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/#privacy-policy Go Cardless UK direct debit processing. See Privacy Policy link https://gocardless.com/privacy Stripe – See Privacy Policy link https://stripe.com/gb/privacy Google See Privacy Policy link https://policies.google.com/privacy
How We Protect Your Data
Our data is protected through our Third Party Providers who have better resources to ensure server security is kept upto date.
Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of the Radikls Ltd database or the database(s) of any of our clients or third party data processors. This will be reported to the ICO in the UK. The report will be submitted within 72 hours if we can establish that personal data was accessed or stolen. In the event that personal data was accessed and in accordance with the GDPR rules we may also inform the data subject (you).
Name And Address Of The Controller
The controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) And The UK Data Protection Act (DPA) is:
Radikls Ltd
105 Orchard Avenue
Poole
Dorset
BH14 8AH
Website: https://www.radikls.com
Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:
Mr Paul Macey
Radikls Ltd
105 Orchard Avenue
Poole
Dorset
BH14 8AH
UK
Phone: 01202 259187
Email: paul@radikls.com
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
Your Rights As A Data Subject
GDPR and DPA give you the following rights to do with the data we store on you.
The right to be informed.
Put simply you can ask our data controller why we store your information and what we use it for. However, that is openly discussed above.
The right of access
You have a right of access to that data to look at it. In the case of your main support and billing account, you have full access to that by logging into our client area. In the case of the logs we keep when you access our site you can ask us to provide you with a copy of them. Please contact our data protection officer from the ticketing area of your client account.
The right to rectification
If any of the information we hold about you is incorrect you have the right to have it amended. In most cases this is possible by logging into our client area you can correct it yourself. Anything you cannot edit yourself you can ask our data controller to edit for you. Obviously, we will need to verify your identity before we edit any of your information. Please contact our data protection officer from the ticketing area of your client account.
The right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You have the right to have all data we have on you erased. This in the case of Radikls Ltd would mean you closing your account with us and terminating of all your services, as without that basic data we can not provide the services. There is some data that cannot be erased even on request as we are required to keep it by statutory law in the UK. EG financial transactions and invoices which we are legally obliged to store for 5 Years after the end of the financial year they occur in. Statutory law trumps any privacy law in most countries. Please contact our data protection officer from the ticketing area of your client account if you wish to have your data erased.
The right to restrict processing
If you want to restrict us from processing information that is incorrect until it is corrected. If you close your account with us but would like us to still let you have access to the data for your accounting, in this case, it would be stored but not processed. When processing is unlawful and you oppose erasure and request restriction instead. If we no longer need your personal data but you require the data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim. Please contact our data protection officer from the ticketing area of your client account if you wish to have data processing restricted.
The right to data portability
The right to data portability allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. It allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from Radikls Ltd to another company in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability. Please contact our data protection officer from the ticketing area of your client account for a portable copy of your data.
The right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your data for the following purposes; Processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); Direct marketing (including profiling); and Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
Radikls Ltd do not currently process data in any of these ways.
Lawful Basis For The Processing Of Your Data
We need to process your personal data to offer our services as a web host/design company in the UK. Your legal name and legal address are required to comply with UK tax laws which supersede data protection laws. Your contact details such as email or telephone numbers are required to be able to contact you urgently to maintain the security of your site and our servers which store your data and the data of our other clients.
Changes to this policy
This privacy policy was created by Radikls Ltd on 20 May 2018. We may change this policy at any time.
Web Design by Radikls | Copyright 2020
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
May We Suggest?
#DorsetWeb #Radikls #search engine optimisation #web development dorset #website design