https://rapt.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
With respect to information submitted or collected on the RAPT Site, You accept RAPT’s privacy policy as set forth below. This privacy policy does not pertain to, and RAPT is not responsible for the privacy practices of, any third party websites to which the RAPT Site hyperlinks. Certain areas of the RAPT Site may be subject to additional privacy-related provisions, links to which will be posted in those areas.
Activity Logging. When You use the RAPT Site, which may be hosted in part or its entirety by a third party, the RAPT Site will collect information indirectly and automatically (through, for example, the use of “cookies” or Your “IP address”) about Your activities. RAPT uses this activity information (the “Activity Information”) for internal purposes such as to administer the RAPT Site, improve the RAPT Site, and help RAPT understand how the RAPT Site is being used including the demographics and “clickstreams” of its visitors. “Cookies” are small pieces of information stored on Your hard drive, not on the RAPT Site. You are always free to decline cookies if Your browser permits, but in that case, some portions of the RAPT Site may not operate properly. An “IP address” is a number that is automatically assigned to Your computer when You use the Internet.
Personally Identifiable Information. The RAPT Site is designed so that You may generally browse it without providing any Personally Identifiable Information (defined below). Certain areas of the RAPT Site, however, may require or allow the voluntarily submission of Personally Identifiable Information (for example, emailing a request to us). RAPT uses Your Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes for which it was submitted by You to RAPT and for RAPT to contact you for that same purpose. Except as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy, RAPT does not share Your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties. “Personally Identifiable Information” means information that would allow someone to identify or contact You, such as Your name, physical or electronic mail address, and telephone number; provided, however, that Personally Identifiable Information does not include aggregated information that, by itself, does not permit the identification of individual persons and does not include the Activity Information.
Removal of Personally Identifiable Information. RAPT will use reasonable efforts to remove Your Personally Identifiable Information from our then current RAPT Site at any time upon Your written request to inquiries@rapt.com. Such removal of Personally Identifiable Information will not ensure the permanent removal of such Personally Identifiable Information from the RAPT Site. For example, such Personally Identifiable Information may remain in RAPT’s archival or backup copies of the RAPT Site.
Additional Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information. RAPT may share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties, including affiliated firms and third parties performing services for or on behalf of RAPT. Such services may include communications, database, event management, hosting, mailing, and marketing services. Additionally, RAPT cannot fully ensure that Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, RAPT may be legally obligated to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may circumvent RAPT’s security measures to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or an error may occur in the administration of the RAPT Site. In the unlikely event that RAPT needs to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, RAPT may, and You authorize RAPT to, disclose any information about You to government officials as permitted by applicable law.
Miscellaneous Privacy Terms. RAPT has implemented and follows appropriate technical measures to protect against the risks of unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, and unlawful interception of Personally Identifiable Information. You should know, however, that RAPT cannot fully eliminate such risks. RAPT hopes this privacy policy clarifies RAPT’s procedures regarding its collection, use and disclosure of Your information including Personally Identifiable Information. From time to time, RAPT may modify this privacy policy. Such modifications will be effective on the date that RAPT posts the modified statement to the RAPT Site.
Effective Date of Privacy Policy: July 31st, 2019
Questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy may be submitted to inquiries@rapt.com.