https://rbdesignstudio.com/rbds-policies/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Home
About RBDS
Portfolio
Services
Testimonials
Join Our Newsletter
Contact Us
Pay Your Invoice
OUR POLICIES
Privacy Policy
In accordance with our commitment to safeguarding consumer privacy on our Web site, we operate under a strict set of privacy principles:
In cases where RB Design Studio may need personal information to provide visitors with services tailored especially for them, or to inform them about new features or services, visitors are asked explicitly for that information. All sensitive information provided by members (name, email, home address, etc.) will not be disclosed to anyone outside of the RB Design Studio team.
RB Design Studio employs strict security measures to safeguard online transactions; personal information is stored in a secured database and always exchanged via an encrypted channel.
Additionally, we may store information about website users including IP address, location, operating system, browser used, and time of site access (this list is not exhaustive). This information may be used to improve advertising on client websites, to protect websites against unauthorized access & hacking, and to improve website behavior, among other things. This information will not be shared with anyone outside of the RB Design Studio team.
Users may unsubscribe to any of our email services at any time by following the instructions contained within the email.RB Design Studio maintains a strict “no spam” policy. Your information will not be sold to any third party. If you sign up for email communications, you will receive only emails you have requested or authorized.
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of information by RB Design Studio only as specified above. If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of all changes in our privacy policy.
Management & Contract Policies
A signed contract must be received by RB Design Studio prior to any design work being started.
Please contact us via email for most efficient communication.
All information provided for projects is completely confidential and will only be shared with designated contacts upon client approval.
Billing Policies
A 50% retainer fee, deducted from the first month’s invoice, is due at contract signing.
Invoices are mailed or emailed the first of the month for work done in the preceding month.
A rush fee, an additional charge of 20% will be charged for all work needed within 24 hours.
All expenses incurred to complete an order are the responsibility of you, the client.
Outstanding balance for services rendered is due upon completion of those services.
Invoicing Policies
Hourly rates are billed in 30-minute increments.
An itemized summary of our work will accompany your invoice at the end of the month.
Prompt payment upon receipt of invoice is appreciated.
Unpaid balances older than 30 days past the invoice date are subject to a 12% cumulative late fee on all unpaid balance.
General Policies
RB Design Studio does NOT design the following types of sites: adult, sex toys, pornographic sites of any nature, animal cruelty, animal testing or other sites detrimental or contrary to basic Christian beliefs. Sorry, but you’ll have to go somewhere else if you want sites like these designed.
How to Reach Us
If you ever feel that this site is not following the privacy policy we have described here, please contact Rhonda here. We will make every reasonable effort to find and correct the problem promptly.