https://realmethods.com/home/privacy.policy/
Nothing Goes From Idea To Container Faster
realMethods Website Privacy Policy
About NextRoll's Services
Data We Collect
How We Use the Data Collected
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (European Territory Visitors only)
Data Retention and Sharing
Cookies and Related Technologies
Security
Additional data protection rights for European Territory residents
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact us with questions or concerns
1. About NextRoll's Services
realMethods uses a 3rd party service called NextRoll to help serve our ads within its network to an optimzied targeted audience.
It is possible you have come to our website from one of these ads.
See NextRoll Privacy Policy
2. Data We Collect
See NextRoll Privacy Policy
3. How We Use the Data Collected
We use this data to operate our business and provide services to you as well to potentially personalize the website materials to better serve to you.
Troubleshoot Problems: To monitor and fix our website performance, for example if the site is slow, not loading properly, or to investigate aberrations in performance of our services.
Prevent potential fraud and enforce our Terms of Service. To prevent fraud on our site or through the use of our services; to enforce our Terms of Service or other policies or investigate any potential violation of those Terms and policies, any potential violation of the law; or to protect ourselves, our customers, or any third party from any potential harm (whether tangible or intangible).
4.
Our Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (European Territory Visitors only)
We provide the representations and information in this Section 4 in compliance with European privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you are a visitor from the European Territories, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. "European Territories" mean the European Economic Area and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Notice, the term "European Territories" shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit.
We will normally collect personal data from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests. For example, to administer our platforms and services and fulfil our contractual obligations as a service provider. In some cases we may collect and process personal data based on consent.
5. Data Retention and Sharing
We will not retain any data related to your visit to our website other than data you explicitly provide.
We will not share any data with any 3rd party entity, whether it be data you explicitly provide or data derviced from your visit.
See NextRoll Privacy Policy
6. Cookie and Related Technologies
NextRoll uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide its services to realMethods.
See NextRoll Privacy Policy
7. Security
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the personal data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction,loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against other unlawful forms of processing.
8. Additional data protection rights for European Territory residents
See NextRoll Privacy Policy
9. Changes to this Privacy Notice
Changes to this Privacy Notice will be posted on this page. If we make a material change to our privacy practices, we will provide notice on the site or by other means as appropriate.
If we are required by applicable data protection laws to obtain your consent to any material changes before they come into effect, then we will do so in accordance with law.
10. Contact us with questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact support@realmethods.com.
Close Menu
By continuing to use the realMethods website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept