https://redoxygen.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – May 22nd, 2018
Red Oxygen is committed to adopting the highest standards to safeguard our customer’s personal information and, like all companies operating in Australia, we are bound by the National Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000. Additionally, our privacy practices are designed to provide high level international standards for the protection of your personal data, including compliance with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We know that you are concerned about your privacy; and so is Red Oxygen. If you provide Red Oxygen with information about yourself, such as name, postal address, email address, or other personal data, we may add this to our records. On occasion you may receive important notifications about the service you have signed up to use, or about our other products, services, activities, and requesting your feedback for promotional purposes.
You always have the right to opt-out of receiving information not dealing with your current service provision. If you do not wish to receive any information relating to promotions, new services and features offered by us, please contact our support team (details at the end of this Privacy Policy).
Unless you consent, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties, other than those who have contracted with Red Oxygen to keep the information confidential, or who are subject to obligations to protect your personal information. The only exception to this would be to meet specific court-mandated legal requirements, or any law, rule, legal decision or regulation with which we are legally obliged to comply.
How Red Oxygen Protects Your Information on the Web
Your privacy is important to Red Oxygen. This statement discloses the information practices for Red Oxygen web sites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
Red Oxygen seeks to build users’ trust and confidence by promoting the principles of disclosure and informed consent. We have implemented these practices for the Red Oxygen Web Sites (www.redoxygen.com and www.redoxygen.net), and include information on these privacy practices wherever personal information is collected on a Red Oxygen Website.
Personal Information
In general, you can visit Red Oxygen on the Web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you. You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name and address or email id that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order, to provide you with a subscription or otherwise connected to our general business operations.
It is our intent to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you on the Internet. We provide this Privacy Policy via a link at the bottom of each page wherever personal information is collected. If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures, such as using encryption for transmission of credit card numbers, to help us keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender with credible details of the correction requested.
Cookies
We sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and we also measure visitor activity on Red Oxygen web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous. This anonymous information is sometimes known as “clickstream data.” Red Oxygen or its analytic vendors may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in connection with a transaction we may extract some information about that transaction in an anonymous format and combine it with other anonymous information such as clickstream data. This anonymous information is used and analysed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner, you can either disable your cookies or opt-out at the order or request page.
We collect the anonymous information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called “cookies”. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. Some Red Oxygen pages use cookies, sent by Red Oxygen or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not function properly.
Personalized URL Link
On occasion, Red Oxygen presents a personalized URL (link) that brings the visitor to a personalized Web page. Such a personal URL is readily identifiable and by clicking on that link and going to a personal Web page you are agreeing to let Red Oxygen collect information about your session visits. We use this information to help us provide you with information that matches your interests. If you do not wish information to be used in this way, simply do not click on such personalized URLs.
Children’s Data
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important. Red Oxygen’s Web site is not directed towards children, and we are committed to comply with applicable laws and requirements to protect children from online harassment. All customers and users of the Red Oxygen service are required to be 18 years or older.
GmailSMS-Specific Information
Red Oxygen’s GmailSMS embeds a “Send SMS” button into the Gmail user interface, to allow the sending and receiving of text messages using your Red Oxygen account directly from within Gmail. In order to send messages from Gmail, Red Oxygen’s SendSMS.dll requires access to the user’s Red Oxygen account information (such their email address, Red Oxygen password & their phone number) when the user is initially installing the plugin into their Gmail account. We do not ask for the user’s personal information such as their Gmail Account Password. GmailSMS does request certain permissions from the user in order to run the plugin:
Read/write access to Contacts and Contact Groups.
Read-only access to Contacts and Contact Groups.
Sending of messages only. No read or modify privileges to the mailbox.
Manage drafts and send emails.
Once the user has successfully authenticated his identity, the user’s Red Oxygen account information is stored in Chrome’s storage. This information is stored so that the user does not need to verify their account every time they use the GmailSMS plugin. Red Oxygen’s GmailSMS stores data within the browser’s memory, but this data is not accessible once the user logs out from their Gmail account or refreshes the browser window.
Disclaimer: We do not ask for the user’s personal Gmail account information.
Notification of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on 22nd May, 2018. A notice will be posted on our web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed.
Questions Regarding This Statement
Any questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Red Oxygen site coordinator (support@redoxygen.com) for clarification or to:
Customer Information Privacy Practices,
Red Oxygen Pty Ltd,
Suite 14, Level 3,
445 Upper Edward Street,
Spring Hill, QLD 4000
Australia
The www.redoxygen.com and www.redoxygen.net Web sites are maintained by Red Oxygen. You can reach our support team by calling +61 7 3100 8836 in Australia or (866) 990-8398 in North America or via email to: support@redoxygen.com.
You always have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. You can find contact details here:
https://www.oaic.gov.au/individuals/how-do-i-make-a-privacy-complaint .
WordPress Video Lightbox Plugin
Menu
ProductsProducts OverviewOffice SMSOutlook Mobile ServiceBulk SMSCRM SMS Integration (API)Web SMSGmail SMSOffice 365 BetaSolutionsSend SMS From EmailBulk SMS MessagingSend SMS From BrowserScheduled SMSThird Party IntegrationsCall Forwarding & Dedicated NumbersPricingPricing PlansCreate Trial AccountPlan DetailsSupportContact UsSoftware DownloadsSupport DocumentationWeb AdministratorFAQVideo GuidesDevelopersInterfacesCommand Line SMS APICOM SMS APIDLL SMS APIEmail SMS APISMS HTTP APILanguagesC++ SMS APIC# SMS APIDelphi SMS APIJava SMS APIPerl SMS APIPHP SMS APIVisual Basic SMS APICompanyAbout UsOur ClientsTry For Free
We use cookies to help us improve website user experience. Find out more.Okay, thanks