http://reliableanswers.com/privacy/
Reliable Answers - News and Commentary
Online Privacy
Where did it go?
Online Privacy | Microsoft Registry profile | Yahoo! ID exploit (*)
Here you will find some privacy concerns of mine.
There is absolutely *no warranty*, express or implied for any content on this site.
Any files you download or any actions you perform after reading any of this site are
*At Your Own Risk* and neither I (Shawn K. Hall) nor any site,
business, or individual associated with me will be held responsible if it does not
work as described or otherwise does not suit your needs.
Microsoft "User Information": MSReg.asp - The sample
demonstrates the exposure & availability of Microsoft's user information section for registered
Microsoft software, which is stored in the registry, freely available to any application you run.
Yahoo! 'YahooID' exposure: Yahoo.asp - any web site or HTML
email message has the capacity to read your YahooID and with it any information stored within your
Yahoo! profile or associated with it. Including email address (ie; spammer-owned websites won't have
to ask for your email address - they've got it!) or
DoubleClick - this company has advertisements on a *lot* of websites. They use beacons
within the advertisements displayed to track the graphics that you see. This is 'borderline' behaviour
in my opinion, because they enable you to OPT OUT. They
claim that your 'unique identifier' will be overwritten when you opt out, however, this is NOT always
the case. Other information is stored within the cookie that may be used to track you uniquely that
though they say they will not does not demonstrate proper respect for privacy.
...other 'opt-out' and online spam deterrent/avoidance links here: /R/?/Ref/Spam
After you've 'opted out' of a site's program (like double-click) you should check your cookie value to
verify that it has indeed been nullified. You can do that by using this script:
javascript:if(document.cookie.length<1){alert('No cookie for this site.')}else{alert('Cookie for this site:'+document.cookie)}
This script was obtained from www.bookmarklets.com.
There's a *lot* more at the site if you found this one interesting. In order to use it save the link
to your favorites somewhere (right click and "add shortcut to favorites" under IE). Then
navigate to the site that you want to check and run the link. It will run in the current browsers
context so it will determine the cookie for the current site. If you click it you'll see the cookie
for this site, which shoud be some strange long number starting with "ASPSESSIONID" -
that's because I'm running an IIS server and Active Server Pages.
Here is a link to my site's privacy policy, in case you're worried.<g>
Privacy
Online Privacy
MS Registry Profile
Yahoo! Privacy Violation!
Development
Visual Basic
Visual Basic Samples
JavaScript Tools
Content Type Database
eXposed Services
Editorials
About RA
Annette's Kitchen
Edible News
Non-GMO Shopping
Spaetzle Maker Saga
General Section Index
Noteworthy News
RA Tool Bar Tutorial
Sex Offenders
Homeschooling
Find Support Groups
Liberty's Kids
Nationwide Resources
Virtual Geography
Wildlife Dissection
Kidjacked
Jacked UP Blog
Family Rights News
Legal Resources
Medical
Medical News
Drug Safety
Homemade Formula
What is Laser Therapy?
Soy Alert
Patriot
Freedom News
RAnts of RA - Blog
Retail Bandit
Seasonal Archive
Antarctica Wildlife
Mountain Lion Country
Twain Harte Times
Features & Services
Discussion Lists
Document Services
Employment
Employment News
ERU tutorial
Freeware
Privacy
Virus Information
Virus News
Home Education
What's New?
Education News Beat
Nationwide Resources
Educational Research
Homeschool Scuttle
Legislation News
Local Support Groups
Medical Skills
Virtual Geography
Links / News
Annette's Favorites
Shawn's Favorites
Edible News Issues
Education News Beat
Education Research
Election 2016 News
Employment News
Family Rights News
Freedom News
General News
Immunization News
Legislation News
Medical News
Nature News
Political News
Security News
Software Feed
Technology News
Twain Harte Times News
Virus News
Multimedia
Children's Games
My Music
Project Dogwaffle
Poetry / Lyrics
Carschooling
Your Ad Here?Contact our Marketing department for information about advertising on this domain.
We invite youto visit:
Reliable Answers.com/privacy
© 1998-2020 Reliable Answers.comLast Updated: 6/24/2012PO Box 1306,Twain Harte, CA 95383(209) 565-12PDContact Webmaster