https://remee.com/terms-conditions/
800.431.3864
REQUEST A QUOTE
Remee Terms and Conditions of SaleTerms:
Minimum order $500.00
Payment Terms:
Net 30 days 2. 
Freight:
FOB Shipping Point
Prepaid freight on values equal to or greater than:
– East of Mississippi = $ 2,500.00
– West of Mississippi = $ 4,000.00
– Outside Pant Fiber Optic Cable = Billed
– SO Cord = $ 3,500.00
Conditions:
1. All orders are subject to acceptance at the factory.
2. Prices are those in effect and are subject to change without notice.
3. Order cancellation must be accepted by the factory 48 hrs. Prior to shipment and the policy ONLY applies to standard
catalog products.
4. Delivery commitments are based upon the best information available at the present time or quotation and/or order acceptance,
however changes may occur beyond the control of the company. Liability is transferred to the forwarding carrier upon the issuance
of a bill of lading.
5. Packaging conforms to industry standards of plus 3%.
6. All claims must be filed within 30 days of shipment. No product returns will be accepted unless accompanied by a company issued and authorized return goods number.
7. Billable tolerance on engineered copper cables is -0/+10% and all lengths generated will be shipped and invoiced.
8. Billable tolerance on Fiber Optic cables is -0/+5%.
Remee Wire & Cable warrants that all products manufactured by same are free of defects in material and workmanship for a period of ONE YEAR from the date of shipment providing normal use and handling have been applied. Remee’s ONLY liability is to replace the cable if found to be inoperable. In addition to our
Standard Warranty, Remee Wire & Cable offers an EXTENDED 25 YEAR R.O. S. E. WARRANTY to its Certified Installers. Details on requirements and qualifications can be obtained from our corporate website at remee.com.
This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us improve and customize your experience. Learn more about how we use cookies in our cookie policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
WordPress Maintenance by Edison Avenue Consulting