https://remee.com/privacy-policy/
800.431.3864
REQUEST A QUOTE
Privacy Policy
Remee Wire and Cable Website and Online Information
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Remee Wire & Cable website. We hope that you find your time here enjoyable and informative. This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you may use Remee’s website. Please read this page carefully. By using this website, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions stated here. Therefore, if you cannot accept these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the website. Remee may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. Therefore, you should visit this
page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions, because they are binding on you.
Use of Site Material
The contents of this website, such as text, graphics, images and other site material are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Remee authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the material on this website solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Unauthorized use of this material
violates copyright, trademark, and other laws. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original material on any copy you make of the site material. You may not
sell or modify our site material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use of any portion of this material on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. If you violate any of
these terms, your permission to use the site material automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the material.
Trademarks
The names, marks and logos appearing in this website are, unless otherwise noted, trademarks owned by or licensed to Remee. The use of these marks, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is prohibited. From time to time, Remee makes fair use in this website of trademarks owned and used by its competitors. Any such marks are clearly noted, and Remee makes no claim to ownership of those marks.
Remee’s Liability
As much as we try to prevent it, our website may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Remee makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the material on this website or about the results to be obtained from using the website. You use the website and its material at your own
risk. Changes are periodically made to the website and may be made at any time.
Remee does not warrant that the website will operate error-free or that this website and its server are free of computer viruses or other harmful material. If your use of the website or the site’s material results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, Remee is not responsible for those costs.
This website and its material are provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of any kind. Remee and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, including the warranty of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties’ rights, and the warranty of fitness for particular purpose. Remee and its suppliers make no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the material, services, software text, graphics, and links.
DISCLAIMER OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
In no event shall Remee, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned at this site be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use material
on this website or sites linked to this website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Remee is advised of the possibility of such damages.
User Submissions
Remee values its customers and the Company is happy to receive your remarks regarding our products and services. However, Remee’s policy does not allow it to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions, inventions, or materials other than those that the Company has specifically requested. Accordingly, we must insist that you do not send us any original creative materials, inventions or ideas.
If, despite our request that you not send us any creative materials, you send us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, inventions or other information (collectively, the “Information”), the Information shall be deemed, and shall remain Remee’s property. None of the Information shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on Remee’s part, and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Information. Without limitation of the foregoing, we shall exclusively own all now known or hereafter existing rights to the Information of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Information for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without
compensation to the provider of the information.
Generally, any communication which you post to the website or transmit to Remee over the Internet is considered to be, and will be treated as, non-confidential. If particular Web pages permit the submission of communications which will be treated by Remee as confidential, that fact will be clearly stated on those pages. Otherwise, by posting communications to the website, you automatically grant Remee a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sub licensees.
As a user of this website, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. Therefore, do not do any of the following things: post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity; post sexually-explicit images; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person.
Remee does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of communications posted by other users or endorses any opinions expressed by users. By using our website, you acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other users will be at your own risk. Similarly, Remee does not screen
communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users. If notified by a user of communications which allegedly do not conform to these terms, Remee may investigate the allegation and determine in its good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of the communication. However, Remee has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or non-performance of such activities. Remee reserves both the right to expel users and prevent their further access to this website for violating these terms or the law and the right to remove any communications from this site.
Links to Other Sites
Remee ‘s website may contain links to third party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and are not an endorsement by Remee of the contents on those other websites. Remee is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and makes no representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party websites. If you decide to access linked third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.
Indemnity
By using this website, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Remee, our officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal and accounting fees) which Remee may become obligated to pay arising or resulting from your use of the site material or your breach of these Terms and Conditions. Remee shall provide notice to you promptly of any such action or claim and reserves the right to assume or participate, at your expense, in the
investigation, settlement and defense of any such action or claim.
User Information
Remee will not use this website to collect information that may identify you (such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you volunteer that information through our Contact page. However, we may automatically collect certain non-identifying information about you, such as the type of browser
or computer operating system you use or the domain name of the website from which you linked to us. Any information we gather, whether voluntarily-provided by you or automatically collected may be used for our internal business and marketing purposes.
When you visit our website, we may store some information on your computer’s hard drive as a “cookie” of similar type of file.
We use this information to help us update our website in light of our visitors’ Internet-related interests and preferences. If you
object to this, please consult your Browser’s documentation for information on erasing or blocking cookies.
If you are concerned about the information you have provided to us, or would like to review, update or delete that information,
please contact us at info@Remee.com. We will take reasonable efforts to comply with your wishes.
General
This website is based in New York. Remee does not claim that the materials on this website are appropriate or may be used
outside of the United States. Access to the website’s materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the website from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the substantive laws of New York, without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
If any provision is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing
waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided elsewhere in our website, these Terms and Conditions constitute the
entire agreement between you and Remee with respect to the use of our website. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions must be made in writing, signed by an authorized representative of Remee.
Thank you, and enjoy our website.
This site, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us improve and customize your experience. Learn more about how we use cookies in our cookie policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
WordPress Maintenance by Edison Avenue Consulting