https://reptile.openprivacy.org/
Support
Help Save Reptile!
Navigation
Essentials
Overview
News
Use Reptile Now
Installation
Overview
Release Notes
HISTORY
Download
Portability
Developers
Actions
Content Controls
Database
Libraries
Parameters
Settings
Tasks
Tomcat
XML
XSLT
Notes
P2P (content distribution)
OCS and RSS
Search Infrastructure
Search
Providers
Search Service
Services
Search
rss2html
RSS Content Parsing
Proposals
JXTA
P2P Protocol Handlers
Next-Generation Subscriptions
Rendezvous Nodes
HTCache
Publication
Resources
Download
UML Class Diagrams (SVG)
UML Class Diagrams (PNG)
UML Class Diagrams (HTML)
Javadoc
The Reptile projects has moved over to the NewsMonster project.
News
Mark Pilgrim and Dave on blinks...
Posted on Tue Sep 17 2002 07:36 PM
Mark says :
It's a "B-link". Well, Heather called it "currently reading". Michael Barrish
calls his "choice cuts". Leslie simply calls hers "elsewhere". It's a link to
a site, seemingly random, generally obscure, quirky, maybe not the sort of
thing you'd expect a person to link to. (In Dean's case, what changes is not
the link but the picture--of his dog, in this case. There are certainly other
variations.) Regardless, it's set apart from the main content; it's its own
thing really. A blog within a blog.
Dave says :
Based on a feature request by Mark Pilgrim, I designed my first RSS module
today, called blogChannel. It was fun. Scripting News already supports it.
This functionality has been available within RSS 1.0 for about 2 months now
thanks to my mod_link
and RSS mod_subscription
specs.
Of course mod_link goes above and beyond the call of duty and allows a lot of
very complex link relationships.
I am working with Ian Davis and Bill Kearney to possibly merge OCS and
mod_subscription into an updated format to support mod verbose subscription
relationships.
Read More
Print Article
RSS 1.0 for scripting.com
Posted on Tue Sep 17 2002 06:10 PM
I created an RSS 1.0 feed for scripting.com... assuming anyone wants it :)
Read More
Print Article
Example of my Offnews RSS Aggregator
Posted on Sun Sep 15 2002 11:28 PM
I just uploaded the recent output from my offline RSS aggregator named Offnews
.
On a machine with a large LCD panel it won't be very compelling but use
your imagination and imagine this on a 240 x 320 LCD.
Read More
Print Article
The Design of a Payment System over RSS
Posted on Sun Sep 15 2002 05:23 PM
I have been thinking the design of an RSS 1.0 module for the syndication of
payment metadata which allow weblog users to discovery payment and donation
systems.
This module can be used to support ad hoc transfer of funds (possibly
as a reward for positive behavior).
This is specifically for the use of peer-to-peer exchange of small micro-payments
within the weblog community.
The system is based on the concept of a 'payment provider' such as Paypal or
Amazon (with hopefully more to come).
Users register that they support payments by using the 'payment:donation'
element.
This provides meta-info about the payment system and a description of
why micro-payments are being used.
The user then specifies which payment systems are supported (providers).
Initially it would make sense to support both Paypal and Amazon.
Both these
systems are REST style services and should be easy for user agents to implement.
Users can specify the cost for items with the 'payment:cost' element.
We can
also specify whether these are mandatory or simply requested payments.
Descriptions are also supported here so that users can provide a reason for the
payment.
I don't know how we would enforce mandatory payments.
I think this is going to
have to be a dependent of the resource.
Assuming it is a URL resolves to a web
application we can then prompt for the mandatory payment and redirect to another
location.
I don't know it this is perfect but I don't want to head down the
path of Digital Rights Management within RSS.
I am also not sure how we would represent currency systems.
How does one
represent $10 US vs. HK?
(I have to do more research here).
The use of 'roles' can be used so that we can provide multiple individuals with
ways to receive funds from one weblog.
For example a blogger hosted weblog
could receive funds with a 'developer' role and the author could receive funds
with the 'author' role (note these will be URIs).
Multiple individuals for the same role should be supported with descriptions of
why each role is necessary.
There are a number of security issues here.
At the very minimum one could
assume a man-in-the-middle attack (by someone like the mafia) which could be
used to rewrite the RSS file so that the payment identity is changed to redirect
money into a different accouunt.
At the very minimum SSL needs to be used for the transfer of payment metadata.
The only exception is if the user uses a well known identity
(burton@peerfear.org) within the payment provider.
The only problem here is
that this is still open to attacks such as the recent unicode URL attack within
Internet Explorer (using a different charset for a DNS name which looked the
same as the original URL).
If the site can not support SSL then it can not take advantage of payments.
User agents are not going to use payment metainfo discovered through non-SSL
mechanisms as this money could just be used by nefarious people (mafia,
terrorists) instead of going to the intended recipient.
Here are some examples of the format I was thinking about:
http://www.peerfear.org/download/mod_payment/example-donation.xml
http://www.peerfear.org/download/mod_payment/example-cost.xml
Read More
Print Article
Blogwalking?
Posted on Sat Sep 14 2002 12:36 AM
Are these guys serious?
Blogwalking?
Do they actually own a Zaurus?
Ha!
The keyboard is totally unusable.
I don't even want to type 'ifconfig' and I
couldn't even imagine writing this blog entry on the Zaurus!
Read More
Print Article
Offnews - Offline RSS Aggregator for PDAs
Posted on Fri Sep 13 2002 05:27 PM
I just released version 0.9.0 Offnews, an offline RSS aggregator for PDAs.
Essentially, this is just a very thin version of Reptile with some glue to
make it run and some different XSL to render very thin HTML designed for small
LCD panels.
It is pretty stable.
There are some bugs with HTML export but about 70% of the
available HTML looks just fine when exported.
The HTML mod_content export code (RSSContentSerializer) has a few bugs (the
algorithm is complicated) but I am working on fixing these for 1.0.
Read More
Print Article
GUIDs and Public Key Crypto
Posted on Wed Sep 11 2002 06:31 PM
The other day I blogged about Secure GUIDs
within RSS.
The technique used here relied on a SHA1 hash of the URL(of the feed.) + triple
after it was ran through XML canonicalization.
This isn't a perfect scenario for providing 'secure' GUID generation.
There are
a number of attacks here including traffic redirection, man-in-the-middle, etc.
Ideally we would sign the RDF triple with the private key of the peer (owner of
the RSS channel) and then use the Base32 encoded value of this as the GUID.
The reason this would work is that (assuming you have the correct public key of
the peer) you can look at the signature and verify that it is indeed correct.
With just a normal channel URL based hash someone could MiTM you and rewrite the
content with new GUIDs (they are easy to generate) and you wouldn't be able to
tell.
With a public key mechanism you could look at the signature and it would
fail to verify because the attacker would not posses the private key required to
generate the correct signature.
The only problem here is that we have to build out a public key distribution
mechanism over RSS and I think that might be pushing the envelope a bit.
If the hash mechanism is accepted within the community the same mechanism can be
used with cryptographic signatures in the future when we have the technical
capability and clients which can handle this.
I am somewhat pessimestic about the potential here.
We have needed cryto within
mail readers for a long time now and it has never happened.
I really wish we we could have a future with crypto deployed in all RSS
readers. I really need this for my reputation system (in a perfect world).
... time will tell.
Also, supporting both mechanisms would allow for paranoid (and rightfully so)
bloggers in 3rd world and politically sensitive situations (me!) to use
signatures instead of the standard SHA1 hash.
Read More
Print Article
My Dinner with Dave Winer
Posted on Wed Sep 11 2002 12:08 AM
One of the great things about living in San Francisco a lot of smart people live
and work within the area (South Bay, Silicon Valley, East Bay, etc).
This means that is very easy to randomly meet Internet and within computing
circles.
All you really have to do is have a few friends within the computer
industry or hang out at the coffee shops and that is all you need.
This happens all the time for me.
I bump into someone online and realize that
they live in San Francisco so I drop them a line and we meet up.
Tonight I had dinner with about 30 friends and colleagues of mine.
Past dinners
have really fun with some great conversation.
Tonight I show up and notice that Dave Winer is sitting at one of the tables.
My initial thinking was that this could be a Good Thing.
There has been a lot
of recent talk about RSS 1.0 vs RSS 2.0 and future development and I figured
this would be a good time to have a constructive talk.
The only thing I was worried about was that maybe Dave would become defensive
and not realize that I really wanted to have a constructive dialog.
The first thing I did was introduce myself.
I don't think he realized that
"Kevin Burton" is the same "Kevin Burton (burtonator)" from the RSS 1.0 Working
Group.
I guess this is acceptable, after all what are the odds that we would
randomly bump into each other while the (Userland?) RSS 2.0 spec was pending
finalization.
Right off the bat we started talking about RSS.
I wanted to talk about "The End
of RSS Innocence" article
that I blogged about the other day and that he
linked to from scripting.com
The thesis of the article was that RDF integration within RSS was inevitable.
I
think I did a very good job proving this and I wanted to see what he would say.
His basic response was just that RDF was a joke and the Semantic Web developers
are doing a terrible job.
I was somewhat offended by this statement and tried
to clarify my position in that some of us (under rss-dev) are trying work to
towards making the SW more usable and realistic.
...
The conversation kind of stopped at this point... I didn't want to go down this
path, I wanted to keep everything constructive.
...
I decided to offer a few olive branches between RSS 1.0 and RSS 2.0.
My
thinking was that my mod_link [2] proposal and recent GUID ideas
would be
really nice within RSS 2.0.
I certainly wouldn't have a problem seeing this
happen.
The second I mentioned rss-dev and mod_link Dave started to become visually
agitated and said some very insulting things.
Here are some choice quotes:
"You took my work and put *your* name on it"
"You hijacked my Intellectual Property"
"They ripped off my ideas"
"You guys are thieves."
These were probably the least offensive things I can blog ...
There really
wasn't any profanity used but I certainly didn't find them friendly.
...
This was about 60 seconds into the conversation.
At this point you have to remember that I have never met Dave Winer before.
We
talked for a few seconds a the Emerging Technology Conference when he "objected"
to something a friend of mine said about Microsoft (objected is being polite).
...
After this I tried to make it clear to Dave that I really wanted to stay
productive.
This meant interrupting him in mid-sentence and explaining my
situation at which point he again became visibly upset...
This is about 90 seconds...
...
The conversation calmed down again (that is good). Then I tried to bring up my
recent thoughts
on secure GUIDs [5] and reification within RSS 1.0 and RDF
(I think this is huge).
You see RSS 2.0 has a GUID element based on the permalink/URL concept.
My
recent idea are that we need a better GUID implementation (read the blog entry
for more info)
Dave basically said "RSS 2.0 has GUIDs", and I said "but they are not secure and
aren't really GUIDs".
Dave basically said that "I don't care about security", and then I jokingly
said "Yeah, who cares about security?!
This is only the Internet!" (making it
clear that this was a joke - at least that was my attempt).
At this point Dave basically "lost control" (for lack of a better description)
"How dare you!
Who the hell are you to question me about security?!"
At this point I basically ended the conversation and moved to the other table
with my friends.
I then heard Dave continue to briefly talk about the issue when I was sitting at
the other table.
I distinctly heard "That guy is an idiot!" ...
Total elapsed time: around 5 minutes.
...
For the record (for people who have never met me in person), I am a very easy
person to get along with.
It is a rare occasion for me to be involved in a
something like this.
I am usually able to find a common ground with anyone so
that constrictive communication can take place.
...
So what the heck happened Dave? I really wished we could have had a decent
conversation.
It would have been a great opportunity to interact and move
forward and exchange ideas.
I really tried to take the right path and stay
constructive and I wish you would have done the same.
3. http://www.purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/link
Read More
Print Article
UUID/GUIDs Within RSS and RDF
Posted on Mon Sep 09 2002 06:10 PM
A number of people have suggested that RDF and RSS need to support GUIDs for
RDF/RSS triples.
RSS 0.94 has support for a GUID.
Bill Kearney (Syndic8 creator/developer) has
mentioned that he needs GUIDs for RSS.
Reptile needs GUIDs to refer to RSS
items.
In short a lot of RDF/RSS software needs support for GUIDs.
I would like to propose a method to support GUIDs within RDF/RSS that is:
Secure.
We don't have to trust hostile peer to include the correct GUID.
These GUIDs are based on the SHA1 hash of the base content.
No producer obligations.
RSS producers are not required to produce GUIDs but
they MAY include them if necessary.
Portable.
These GUIDs are portable within XML attributes and are supported
within URIs and filenames.
Compatible with previous versions of RSS and future (though downlevel) RSS
versions (RSS 2.0).
Mutable Statements.
Produces immutable base elements within a triple but the
triple as a whole is mutable (if you add additional non-base (optional)
elements).
Supports (distributed) reification.
Basically just RDF/RSS statements about other RDF/RSS
statements.
In practice this would work to add descriptions of RDF produced
which doesn't include descriptions.
Explanation
Why do we need GUIDs when we have URIs?
Are these the same?
<item>
<title>foo</title>
<link>http://www.foo.com</link>
</item>
<item>
<title>foo</title>
<link>http://www.foo.com</link>
</item>
(answer - yes)
How about these:
<item>
<title>foo</title>
<link>http://www.foo.com</link>
</item>
<item>
<title>bar</title>
<link>http://www.foo.com</link>
</item>
(answer - no... they use the different titles)
The second set is not identical and using the link as an identifier will fail
and result in unusual behavior when used within RSS aggregators and RDF agents.
One could say "hash the whole item"... that may work.
One would need to use the
dsig canonicalization method.
The only problem here is that what if the user adds metainfo:
<item>
<title>bar</title>
<link>http://www.foo.com</link>
<dc:description>
Break the hash by adding new data.
</dc:description>
</item>
This would break a hash if it were used as a GUID.
This means we need a GLOBAL unique identifier.
This has to be generated from
the RSS source when publishing.
The only problem is that humans are terrible at
managing this GUIDs with the required amount of entropy:
"Humans are incapable of securely storing high-quality cryptographic keys, and
they have unacceptable speed and accuracy when performing cryptographic
operations. (They are also large, expensive to maintain, difficult to manage,
and they pollute the environment. It is astonishing that these devices continue
to be manufactured and deployed. But they are sufficiently pervasive that we
must design our protocols around their limitations.)"
- Kaufman, Perlman, and
Speciner quoted in Anderson's 'Security Engineering'
I am using UUIDs in my peerfear.org feed :
<item record:uuid="1030570664">
One solution for this problem is to use the SHA1 message digest algorithm (hash)
to compute the GUID.
SHA-1( channel/rdf:about + item/rdf:about + item/title +? item/description )
Of course this would need to happen on every RDF schema/vocabulary that exists
(only a problem for vocabulary developers).
The channel/rdf:about element is
added to localize the GUID to a specific channel.
This would allow GUID generation within user agents but wouldn't place the
burden of management on the user.
This would require the base (title, link, description) RDF triples and RSS items
to be immutable.
If one changed an RSS item at runtime it is essentially a new
item (as far as aggregators that are using the GUID are concerned)
The only problem with this proposal is that GUIDs would break if the user
changed the channel rdf:about (channel URL).
This would only be a situation if
a peer were to get a handle on old RDF/RSS triples/items without having a handle
on the old RDF channel link.
In this situation we would need a mechanism for
including the RDF channel link of the old RSS feed.
It is recommended that the
channel be duplicated in whole (including channel) when syndicating cached
content.
Security
Security is very important with this mechanism.
UUIDs (128 bit non-colliding
IDs) and automatically generated URIs/URLs MUST NOT be used.
This mechanism of
GUID use is not secure and it would be possible for an attacking peer to us the
GUID of another triple and convince a peer to use the GUID of an invalid item.
The symptoms of an attack could range from invalid cached entries, broken
reification, and even potentially harming the reputation of a producer (making a
statement about a GUID that was incorrect (Alice (friend) is stupid).
SHA1 hash based GUIDs avoid this problem by placing the burden of GUID
calculation on RDF/RSS aggregators.
Hashes can be validated locally by an RSS
aggregator and easily generated for RSS channels (and RDF) that don't support
GUIDs.
No Producer Obligations
RDF/RSS producers MAY include the GUID within their RSS feed via the rdf:ID
attribute but are not REQUIRED to do so.
Non-RDF vocabularies MUST NOT include
GUIDs unless support is explicitly added.
Note that the inclusion of GUIDs within an RSS feed will only bloat the RSS feed
and should rarely be used in practice.
There are a few scenarios where RSS
aggregators may choose to use GUIDs explicitly so that they make it clear what
GUID they are using within their own internal database.
Portable
The GUIDs generated are portable across RSS implementations, can be used within
any XML and can be somewhat easily managed by humans (note that hashes are
long and somewhat bulky)
Compatible
This method is compatible with all versions of RSS even if they do not support
GUID generation.
the only caveat is that if the version of rss in question does
not support modules the GUID MUST NOT be included within the rss.
It may only be
computed by RSS aggregators.
Mutable Statements
Statements can be mutable except for the base elements.
For example you can add
Dublin Core metainfo, any RSS 1.0 module, additional XML and namespaces,
additional RDF all without breaking the GUID.
The only requirement is that the base elements not be modified.
If they are
this will generate a new GUID and a new triple (as far as a user of the GUID is
concerned)
Supports (distributed) Reification
Since GUIDs can be calculated for any RDF triple we can support distributed
reification.
For example (remember GUIDs are verbose but optional and not
required by producers):
<item rdf:ID="urn:sha1:1b17864eeb6c68294c9b2db0324a2b773401f0da0537d82626c24a7850e15ef2d6c4265dcd5e85f1"
rdf:about="http://www.cnn.com">
<title>CNN</title>
<link>http://www.cnn.com</link>
</item>
<item rdf:about="urn:sha1:1b17864eeb6c68294c9b2db0324a2b773401f0da0537d82626c24a7850e15ef2d6c4265dcd5e85f1">
<dc:description>CNN is a cool website that is 0wned by a big company</dc:description>
</item>
The second triple adds a Dublin Core description to the first entry.
Representation and Calculation
All GUIDs are calculated with the following method:
Canonicalizing the RDF triple (RSS item) via XML Canonicalization .
This
is required so that small whitespace doesn't break hash verification. (note that
the RAW data isn't used because we want to include the semantic (qnames)
representation).
Base elements (required and commonly use elements) including rdf:about are
concatenated together.
The entire triple/item is now signed:
sha1(item)
The hash is then represented in base32 so that it is portable as a URI and
within a attribute.
If we didn't use base32 it would be binary.
Base32 was
chosen over base64 so that the hash can be portable and doesn't include
breaking characters such as / ? etc.
The GUID is then represented as:
urn:sha1:base32(canon(rdf:about + BASE_CONTENT))
Note that all RDF vocabulary and RSS modules are required to specify what is
included as "base" content so that canonicalization can take place.
Usually
this is just going to be the required elements and high use optional elements.
For RSS 1.0 this would be title, link, and description, and would support Dublin
core metainfo as mutable additions.
Note that it is possible for aggregators can use their own hashing algorithm but
a HASH URI is required if someone wants to refer to a specific RSS item or RDF
triple in a standardized manner.
The burden is placed upon the GUID producer to use a hashing algorithm that is
supported by the majority of others if GUIDs are included within the feed.
The urn:sha1 hash mechanism MUST be supported by all aggregators that support
GUID.
Feedback
I would like to officially request feedback on this idea.
If RDF/RSS Working
Group members think this is a good idea I would like to push this towards
standardization and to develop much better documentation.
Read More
Print Article
The End of RSS Innocence
Posted on Fri Sep 06 2002 02:42 AM
There has been a lot of RSS activity recently both on the public mailing lists
(syndication, rss-dev, aggregators, etc) and with conversations I have been
having with people within the industry.
All of this is related around one central thread; RSS is growing, we are moving
into new areas, and we are staring to experience some growing pains.
The Present
There seems to be a number of issues which desperately need some attention:
The RSS 0.94 branch (it isn't a fork - I have participated in forks (emacs and
a current pending fork of another OSS project) and they are a lot worse)
Use of RDF and XML namespaces within RSS (this is controversial even among RSS
1.0 developers)
The RDF working group
The RSS working group
Future Development of the RSS 1.0 spec.
These issues manifest themselves as follows:
Some people consider the use of RDF and XML namespaces as confusing,
unnecessary, and just way too much protocol overhead (the RSS 0.94 branch) to be
used in the 'real world'.
Some people think that this complexity is necessary both for future growth and
realistic and practical design issues and are actually working on shipping
products and real-world specifications (generally speaking this is represented
by the rss-dev team).
Some people think that the semantic web is the future and are still working on
its development.
These are essentially the Semantic Web developers over at the
W3C working on RDF.
In my opinion the RSS 1.0 and RDF Working Groups are correct.
RSS 1.0 has lost
its innocence and is turning into the first major implementation of the Semantic
Web.
The RDF nature of RSS 1.0 is very important.
The major problem is that the
current RDF Model and Syntax Specification
is not meant to be ready to be
used within a working SW implementation across all products and defined
specifications; the format is very complex and hard to work with.
This is acceptable.
There have not been any major implementations of public RDF
applications; like HTML 1.0, we still have a lot to learn.
I have tried to condense some of my major criticisms into a Simple RDF format
that is a lot easier to manage and supports integration with DOM, SAX,
XPATH, etc. (RDF query specifications are still under development) and supports
use within RSS 1.0 modules.
I think SRDF goes a long way to simplify most of the developer criticism
regarding the RSS 1.0 format.
It also allows module implementations to support
the popular Russian doll format popular by most developers but is not fully
compatible with RDF.
SRDF provides a compromise between the simplicity and readability of RSS and the
semantics and knowledge management background that RDF provides.
The power of RDF comes from the fact that the data isn't modeled as an ordinary
XML hierarchy but is instead modeled as a graph (nodes connected by edges).
You see the real power of Internet comes from the fact that it is just a large
graph of nodes and edges that are connected.
This is the same model that the
weblog community uses, it isn't just an ordinary hierarchy.
This is what RSS needs.
We need to support a spec that supports a graph based data structure like RDF
but at the same time realizes that people are actually building real world
applications with this stuff.
All of this functionality is not without a price.
I have proposed the RSS 1.0
Link
mechanism which goes a long way towards keeping advanced RSS 1.0
channels from becoming too bloated with additional modules and RDF.
The Link module allows SRDF to link to external RDF files.
When RDF is linked
to an RSS channel instead of embedded it is much more readable and straight
forward.
An example can be seen in my RSS feed
for peerfear.org which uses a link to
my mod_subscription
RDF file which represents my blogroll .
The blogroll RDF doesn't bloat the original RSS file with additional markup and
is also very simple to view and work with.
(There has recently been some suggestion that these modules become 100% external
modules within only link definitions.
I will have to think about this some
more.)
More channel->module links are needed.
The mod_content specification should be
updated to reflect the use of mod_link for specifying external RDF files which
contain the content of a given item.
The Future
The future clearly belongs with RSS Working Group and integration with the work
being doing within the W3C RDF Working Group.
The major difference being that the RSSWG is geared around implementing real
products and real code and the RDFWG geared towards developing real
specifications and pushing the technology forward.
This is a very complementary
relationship for both groups and should lead to some very interesting work.
The Semantic Web will never be successful if there isn't a way to get a handle
on all the data without bogging down the Internet.
This is why the RSS model is
very compelling.
I would assert that the main reason why RSS has been very cool is that it acts
as a 'datasource' into an ephemeral distributed database of knowledge.
I realize that is a very complex statement so let me explain.
If you are following the development of the Semantic Web you have probably read
the Paul Ford article about "How Google beat Amazon and Ebay to the Semantic
Web".
The article does a good job at presenting the SW to people who were not
able to fully grasp the RSS/RDF Zen in the past (and I admit that even I have
been guilty of being somewhat stubborn).
The major problem with RDF is that there is no scalable way to get a handle on
all the data.
This is where the RSS/RDF model comes into play.
RSS acts as a way to allow RSS aggregators (agents) to obtain RDF triples
(qualified and usable data) from a permanent and constantly updated datasource
(data resource?).
The data can then be used locally and archived to make some
very compelling decisions (we will also see distributed RDF databases come into
play for distributed RDF query and possibly implementations of keyword search
over P2P networks).
This is what is going to allow 'Google to beat Amazon'.
If we were to ignore
the RDF benefits of RSS and stay with a format that 'my mom' can create with
'notepad' I think our society and the growth of weblog community would be
significantly hurt.
We need to move on.
The innocence is over.
RSS is going to be an RDF
application with rich and complex modules that include RDF vocabulary.
In short
RSS is going to become complicated.
This complexity isn't going to be forced on anyone.
It isn't like the the powers
that be are going to decide to create the most complicated spec imaginable.
This is going to be driven be user and developer feature requests.
People are
going to realize that title, link and description elements are pretty basic.
Future version of RSS will still probably support this but we are going to
increasingly see people request new features.
"I want to sell my guitar over my RSS channel so that people can automatically
discover the price, model, manufacturer, age, quality and compare this
information with other people within the community selling guitars."
"I want rank other people within my RSS community and discovery articles based
on reputation and past performance."
(Did I mention I was working on a reputation system for RSS?)
"I want to syndicate my blogroll so that other people can read my RSS channels
(subscriptions) and automatically discover new channels."
"I want to publish my calendar so that other people can subscribe to my schedule
and do cool things like realize we are both going to the same conference on the
same day, automatically realize that we are both free for dinner one night and
automatically make a dinner reservation."
... and did I mention that these people are doing to want to combine these use
cases?
"I want to sell my guitar so that people can discover when I will be giving a
concert in their area so that they can hear what the guitar sounds like"
Once we start to see these kind of requests we will see the end of simple title,
link, description syndication and the use of RSS as a full blown RDF datasource.
What needs to be done.
"The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change
amid order.
Alfred North Whitehead, Science and the Modern World"
A lot of work needs to be done and we all have to work together.
There are a lot of areas where RSS and RDF needs development.
RDF (and RSS) needs better documentation for both end-users and developers.
RSS 1.0 proposed modules need to be pushed into standardization.
There are a
lot modules that haven't' been updated in long time and are being used in the
while (mod_annotation) as well newer modules that show real promise (mod_link).
These need to be pushed towards real standard modules with feedback requested
from other RSS and RDF developers.
RDF (and RSS) is going to need GUIDs (128 bit global identifiers - example
urn:uuid:5c494602-ec2f-4ba3-b1ce-943dddbd01c6).
(Aaron seems to agree )If
RDF is going to build out a decentralized database all RDF triples are going to
need GUIDs for decentralized reference.
IF we don't have these there is no way
to support global reference of RDF within aggregators.
There are a number of
hacks including the hashing of the RDF data but these break down in practice.
RDF needs a security model.
There needs to be a lot of work done here.
RDF/RSS needs integration with
XMLDsig and a public key discovery and distribution mechanism.
It isn't
impossible but it really needs to be worked on by people within the RDFWG and
pushed into RDF.
If we don't have this RSS will never move past simple applications.
RSS will move past the point where it should be edited by humans and we need
solid applications (hopefully Open Source).
These should include integration
with basic publishing tools like Emacs , Mozilla, and platform specific tools
for Windows and OSX.
We need to move forward
We have a lot of work to do.
The 100 unread messages I have on rss-dev (from
yesterday) are clearly a strong indication of this.
It isn't going to be easy.
Working on public standards with people who all have
different interests and who can't meet each in person (very often) other is very
hard.
We all need to just keep at it.
I personally think we are doing a very good
job.
The recent RSS 0.94 branch just provides us with another step towards the
future.
The seemingly endless work being doing on RSS 1.0 modularization and
the ongoing discussion of an update to the RSS 1.0 core spec as well as work on
an RSS 2.0 can't help but push us forward.
The only thing I would ask is that people remain patient and try to listen to
other peoples concerns about future growth in this area.
Zen Mind, Beginners Mind == Open Mind!
Read More
Print Article
History of the RSS Fork
Posted on Fri Sep 06 2002 01:35 AM
This is pretty comprehensive.
"This is a brief history of RSS from July 2000 to November 2000, during which
time RSS 0.9x and RSS 1.0 forked. I try to focus on specific people and
conversations that document why the fork occurred. I was not involved in any of
this, but much (not all) of the discussion has been publicly archived. So this
is very much an 'outsider's' history, and like any history, it is necessarily
biased, selective, and incomplete."
I don't really consider this a fork.
It isn't like RSS 1.0 is doing bad.
Just
the opposite, things are going very well.
The RSS 0.9x branch is just a temporary diversion while people are still trying
to grasp the semantic web.
I am about to blog about the end of RSS innocense.
RSS is going to grow and the
RSS 0.9x people are probably not going to like it.
Read More
Print Article
Rich Equivalents RSS 1.0 Module Posted (*yay*)
Posted on Sat Aug 31 2002 04:25 PM
"This module defines elements defining properties which are equivalent to the
title and description properties defined by the core RSS1.0 Spec, but allowing
for the use of xml elements as content."
"RSS has always defined a title and description element. The RSS1.0 Spec defines
these as containing Parsed Character Data (i.e. plain text), but authors have
desired a way to use richer content, in particular HTML, in the rendering of
these elements."
"The 'solution' hit upon was to abuse the text-based nature of XML and HTML and
to store the text of an XML fragment as the content of the element. "
This is awesome.
I have been waiting for this for a while. I have been working
on a similar spec in relation to mod_content but I haven't had much time to work
on it.
The peerfear RSS feed should now support richequiv...
Read More
Print Article
Bonita Status Update (RSS in Mozilla)
Posted on Wed Aug 28 2002 02:37 PM
Just a quick update.
I have been working on this a lot.
Right now I have a new code base (right now called Bonita) that:
adds a mozilla protocol for a view-rss scheme.
This can then allow the user
to do view-rss:http://www.peerfear.org/rss/index.rss and have the bonita handle
the rendering of the channel.
added -bonita command line option
added a handler for application/rss+xml media type.
XUL application that has a tree for representing subscribed XUL similar to
NetNewsLite (or Mozilla with a sidebar running).
The important thing is that most of the plumming has been done to support RSS.
We are also going to support pluggable RSS handling mechanisms:
offload to server for external processing (HTML rendering)
use the Mozilla transformix XSLT engine to process the HTML (this is slow)
provide a XUL rendering of the RSS similar to Messenger (mark items read,
forward items, etc).
Provides the ability to use a native XSLT processor to deliver XUL/HTML to
Mozilla once protozilla starts shipping with Mozilla (we could also attempt to
detect this at runtime for Linux and Windows users)
The major issues I have right now are that Mozilla is lacking in a decent
infrastructure to handle XML (strange huh!)
The DOM uses the GUI event thread to process so XSLT of RSS locks the GUI
DOM serialization is slow.
No SAX2 (that is a big one!)
Transformix XSLT engine is slow.
I also need to play with the RDF database in Mozilla as this might be a really
cool way to handle the RSS.
Anyway.. I am talking to the Blogzilla guys to make sure they don't mind me
using this as the name of the project.
After that I am going to register it
with Mozdev.
I would really love to get some more people involved in this project.
We have
a decent source base now.
Also... I would really like to see this become the standard mechanism for
handling RSS within Mozilla.
Hopefully we can have a 1.0 released within a few
months and have it ship standard with a future version of Mozilla.
Read More
Print Article
Reptile receives $1000 grant from LinuxFund
Posted on Wed Jul 17 2002 09:52 PM
"Projects funded for the cycle ending June 1 were: OpenBIOS, Reptile and
AnonNet. Thanks to all the LinuxFund.org applicants and we look forward to
seeing more ideas from from everyone."
This is really great!
LinuxFund has given the Reptile project a $1000
development grant.
I am very excited.
Right away I am going to use this money to upgrade the
memory on my development machine to 768M (I have been wanting to do this for a
while).
I have plans for the rest of the money but still want to think about
the best way to allocate the funds.
Anyway... I took a picture of the check .
Read More
Print Article
Ideas - Remote RSS Access
Posted on Tue Jul 16 2002 02:33 PM
Remote RSS Access from Reptile...
This is the ability to give Reptile an RSS channel:
http://kerneltrap.org/module.php?mod=node&op=feed
And pull out the RSS from this channel.
There are a number of reasons one would like to fetch this content from Reptile
and not the original site.
We can incorporate the history of the RSS feed so that we are not limited to
the items currently within the RSS document.
We can use Reptile's database to
pull out 10, 15, 20, etc items.
We can include additional Reptile stored metainfo such as the date an item
was discovered.
Reptile can attempt to automatically discover (and included withint the served
RSS) <description> elements for the RSS content even if it is not within the RSS
field.
The only problem is that I didn't want to use an 'ugly' URL to serve the
content.
I also didn't want to use POST because one can't bookmark these URL
types.
The solution is just to append the URL onto the end of a Servlet and use
PATH_INFO (via getPathInfo) to pull out the full URL.
So instead of
http://kerneltrap.org/module.php?mod=node&op=feed
One would request:
http://reptile.peerfear.org/reptile/servlet/reptile/http/kerneltrap.org/module.php?mod=node&op=feed
Which I think is much more elegant than the alternative:
http://reptile.peerfear.org/reptile/servlet/reptile?URL=ENCODED_GARBAGE
Read More
Print Article
New Reptile website
Posted on Tue Jul 09 2002 11:47 AM
I just reworked the Reptile website so that all the news items I enter on
http://www.peerfear.org are mirrored to http://reptile.openprivacy.org.
This
should make it MUCH easier to maintain news between the two sites.
(I love
RSS!)
Read More
Print Article
IP banned on Slashdot
Posted on Tue Jul 09 2002 09:05 AM
It looks like I deployed Reptile on peerfear with a 5 minute retry time.
It was
hitting slashdot.org every 5 minutes and the IP banned me (67.112.30.210).
This is really stupid.
Slashdot kills a server every 5th time they post a link
and they get mad because I request a 5k file every 5 minutes.
Get a grip guys!
Anyway... this is partly my fault.
I need to make sure that Reptile stable is
deployed with a 60 minute feed refresh time.
Read More
Print Article
New startup infrastructure for Reptile
Posted on Sat Jul 06 2002 12:04 AM
It seems that all our portability issue with Reptile are related to JVM startup.
Issues such as JAVA_HOME, CATALINA_HOME, bootstrap.jar (and etc) settings, valid
configuration files, correct parameters passed to Tomcat, etc all lead to
problems running on different Operating Systems.
At one point in time Reptile was started via Ant.
This was very portable but
was kind of buggy (long story) and required about 3 additional threads and 10M
more of system memory.
We migrated away from this system due to the fact that we wanted Reptile to run
on thinner client machines (around 64M or so).
The solution was to reuse the
catalina.sh|bat scripts provided by Tomcat.
This still leaves us with directory and jar issues.
I have not decided to refactor the startup mechanism one more time (hopefully
the last) to yield a higher level of portability.
Reptile will now be started with org.openprivacy.reptile.Startup
and
shutdown with org.openprivacy.reptile.Shutdown
classes with the
reptile-startup.sh (and etc) scripts staying the same.
I think this should provide us with an almost zero configuration and setup
mechanism for Reptile.
Just download the distribution, uncompress, and click on
reptile-startup.sh|bat.
SUPPLEMENTAL: // created on Sat Jul 06 2002 03:33 PM
Another good point to this is that we can run services without having them run
within Tomcat.
We can also load services without running within the Tomcat
classloader (so they are persistent).
Read More
Print Article
Reptile running on peerfear (early access)
Posted on Tue Jul 02 2002 02:43 PM
I just setup Reptile
running under peerfear .
This should be running for
a while on port 8050
and when it is stable I will probably try to set it up
running under reptile.peerfear.org.
I still have a few things I need to fix before a 0.6.0 release:
Get JXTA support fully working.
I am really close to getting this done but I
having some problems with discovery.
Export the SOAP service via a Servlet so that developers can use Reptile as a
web service.
Point Reptile to mysql to that we have better performance and reliability (we
are still using hypersonic)
Improve the performance of RSS feed updates
Improve the XSLT so that it is more of a search style website instead of a P2P
native client UI.
Read More
Print Article
Reptile web service with HTML/SOAP/RSS interfaces.
Posted on Mon Jun 24 2002 03:46 PM
I an pondering setting Reptile up as a permanent service running under peerfear
.
It will have a an HTML interface for running searches with a web browser,
SOAP interface
for running queries from native code, and RSS interfaces for
running new queries and getting the latest news.
Most of the code base for this is already complete.
I just need to deploy it on
the new machine and setup mysql as the database.
Any thought to what the name should be?
I was thinking about putting it under
reptile.peerfear.org but this doesn't seem like a good idea as I would like to
put the main website there at some future date.
Maybe aggregator.peerfear.org?
Maybe some other name?
SUPPLEMENTAL: // created on Mon Jun 24 2002 04:33 PM
Maybe it should just be home.peerfear.org or reptile-home.peerfear.org?
Read More
Print Article
Copyright © 2001-2003, OpenPrivacy.org