https://resources.terrapinlogo.com/magento-pages/privacy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Who we are
What we collect
What we do with the information we gather
Security
How we use cookies
Google Services
Links to other websites
Controlling your personal information
Terrapin Logo Information
List of cookies we collect
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Terrapin uses and protects any
information that you provide when you use this website. Terrapin is
committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information
you provide with which you may be identified is used in accordance with
this privacy statement. Terrapin may change this policy from time to
time by updating this Privacy Policy. You should check this page
periodically to assure that you agree with any changes.
Terrapin processes personal data in accordance with the EU’s General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) .
Who we are
The party responsible for this website (the “controller”) for purposes of data protection law is:
Terrapin
955 Massachusetts Ave #365
Cambridge, MA 02139-3323
Unites States
Phone +1-508-487-8181
Fax +1-617-302-9778
info@terrapinlogo.com
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
technical information such as your IP address or information about
the browser and operating system
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postal code, preferences, and
interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies
we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We use information to understand customer interests and so provide
better products and services, and for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
Improve our products and services and develop new ones
distribute our periodic email newsletter Turtle Talk, which is
published using a commercial service If you subscribe to Turtle
Talk, you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking Unsubscribe at
the bottom of each newsletter. If you contact us by phone or email
with an unsubscribe request, we will cancel the newsletter
subscription for you
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order
to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
information we collect online. We do not track access to our web site
via services like Google Analytics.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your
computer’s hard drive. Cookies help analyze web traffic or let you know
when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to
respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information
about your preferences and so tailor its operations to your needs, likes
and dislikes.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This
helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website by
better tailoring it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.
Overall, cookies help us provide a better website by enabling us to
monitor which pages customers find useful and which they do not. A
cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information
about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. Most web
browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your
browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer though doing so may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Google Services
We use the following Google services. Through certification according to the EU-US Privacy Shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
Google guarantees that it will follow the EU’s data protection regulations when processing data in the United States.
Google offers detailed information at https://policies.google.com/privacy concerning the general handling of your user data.
Google reCaptcha
Google reCaptcha checks and prevents automated servers (“bots”) from accessing and interacting with our website, thus also procecting your customer account.
This service allows Google to determine from which website your request has been sent and from which IP address the reCAPTCHA input box has been used. In addition to your IP address, Google may collect other information necessary to provide and guarantee this service.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the security of our website and in the prevention of unwanted, automated access in the form of spam or similar.
Google Analytics
This service is used to analyze how our website is used. The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our site.
Usage and user-related information, such as IP address, place, time, or frequency of your visits to our website will be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. However, we use Google Analytics with the anonymization function, where Google truncates the IP address before it is transmitted to their servers.
The data collected in this way is in turn used by Google to provide us with an evaluation of visits to our website and what visitors do once there. This data can also be used to provide other services related to the use of our website and of the internet in general.
Google states that it will not connect your IP address to other data. In addition, Google offers an opt-out add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
in addition with further information. This add-on can be installed on the most popular browsers and offers you further control over the data that Google collects when you visit our website. The add-on informs Google Analytics’ JavaScript (ga.js) that no information about the website visit should be transmitted to Google Analytics. However, this does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analytics services we may use as detailed herein.
Google Fonts
Our website uses Google Fonts to display external fonts. To enable the display of certain fonts on our website, a connection to the Google server in the USA is established whenever our website is accessed.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the optimization and economic operation of our site.
When you access our site, a connection to Google is established from which Google can identify the site from which your request has been sent and to which IP address the fonts are being transmitted for display.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However,
once you have used a link to leave our site, you should note that we do
not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you
provide while visiting other sites and such sites are not governed by
this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and look at the
privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You have full control over your personal information. When you log into
your customer account, the menu includes the following choices:
Request a copy of the information that we have stored about you. We
will send you an email with several files attached that contain
everything we know about you.
Delete your account. We will remove your account, and scramble all
order and license data. After an account is
deleted, we are unable to look up orders or access contact forms
associated with the email address on the account.
We do not sell, distribute, or lease your personal information to third
parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information
about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell
us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are have about you is incorrect
or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible. We will
promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Terrapin Logo Information
When you log in to Terrapin Logo, we anonymize your IP address to
collect statistics data about the usage of your license. We do not keep
the IP address, but we use it to determine the region and country from
where you logged in. For the same purpose, we record the type and
version of your browser and operating system to make sure that Terrapin
Logo runs with your browser and operating system. Your computer creates
and transmits a unique ID, which we store to track the usage of your
license. We cannot use this ID to acquire details about your computer.
Terrapin Logo offers to use Google Drive as a cloud storage medium. If
you connect to Google Drive with Terrapin Logo, Terrapin Logo will
gain full access to all of your files and folders on Google Drive.
Terrapin Logo will not modify this data on its own unless you use Logo
file commands to alter the contents. When you create or delete a
classroom, Terrapin Logo will create and delete the required folders
and files at the location that you designated for the classroom.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they
store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
add_to_cart
Used by Google Tag Manager. Captures the product SKU, name, price and quantity removed from the cart, and makes the information available for future integration by third-party scripts.
guest-view
Stores the Order ID that guest shoppers use to retrieve their order status. Guest orders view. Used in “Orders and Returns” widgets.
login_redirect
Preserves the destination page the customer was loading before being directed to log in. Used in mini cart for logged in customers if the Display Shopping Cart Sidebar configuration option is set to Yes.
mage-banners-cache-storage
Stores banner content locally to improve performance.
mage-messages
Tracks error messages and other notifications that are shown to the user, such as the cookie consent message, and various error messages. The message is deleted from the cookie after it is shown to the shopper.
mage-translation-storage
(local storage) Stores translated content when requested by the shopper. Used when Translation Strategy is configured as “Dictionary (Translation on Storefront side)”.
mage-translation-file-version
(local storage) Tracks the version of translations in local storage. Used when Translation Strategy is configured as Dictionary (Translation on Storefront side).
product_data_storage
(local storage) Stores configuration for product data related to Recently Viewed / Compared Products.
recently_compared_product
(local storage) Stores product IDs of recently compared products.
recently_compared_product_previous
(local storage) Stores product IDs of previously compared products for easy navigation.
recently_viewed_product
(local storage) Stores product IDs of recently viewed products for easy navigation.
recently_viewed_product_previous
(local storage)
Stores product IDs of recently previously viewed products for easy navigation.
remove_from_cart
Used by Google Tag Manager. Captures the product SKU, name, price and quantity added to the cart, and makes the information available for future integration by third-party scripts.
stf
Records the time messages are sent by the SendFriend (Email a Friend) module.
X-Magento-Vary
Configuration setting that improves performance when using Varnish static content caching.
amz_auth_err
Used if Enable Login with Amazon is enabled. Value 1 indicates an authorization error.
amz_auth_logout
Used if Enable Login with Amazon is enabled. Value 1 indicates that the user should be logged out.
form_key
A security measure that appends a random string to all form submissions to protect the data from Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF).
mage-cache-sessid
The value of this cookie triggers the cleanup of local cache storage. When the cookie is removed by the backend application, the Admin cleans up local storage, and sets the cookie value to true.
mage-cache-storage
(local storage) Local storage of visitor-specific content that enables ecommerce functions.
mage-cache-storage
(local storage) Local storage of visitor-specific content that enables ecommerce functions.
mage-cache-storage-section-invalidation
(local storage) Forces local storage of specific content sections that should be invalidated.
persistent_shopping_cart
Stores the key (ID) of persistent cart to make it possible to restore the cart for an anonymous shopper.
private_content_version
Appends a random, unique number and time to pages with customer content to prevent them from being cached on the server.
section_data_ids
Stores customer-specific information related to shopper-initiated actions such as display wish list, checkout information, etc.
store
Tracks the specific store view / locale selected by the shopper.
mage-banners-cache-storage
(local storage) Local storage for Banner functionality.
Google Analytics
(when enabled)
_ga
Distinguishes visitors to your site.
_gid
Distinguishes visitors to your site.
gat
Used to throttle request rate.
dc_gtm_property-id
Throttles request rate when Google Analytics is deployed with Google Tag Manager.
AMP_TOKEN
Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values include opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from
AMP Client ID service.
_gac_property-id
Contains campaign-related information for the user. Google AdWords conversion tags read this cookie if Google Analytics is linked to your AdWords account.
__utma
Distinguishes shoppers and sessions .This cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and there is no existing __utma cookie. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmt
Used to throttle request rate.
__utmb
Determines new sessions/visits. This cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and there is no existing __utmb cookie. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
_utmz
Saves the traffic source or campaign that explains how the shopper reached your site. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes, and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
__utmv
Stores visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor-level custom variable. This cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Search Results for ""
×