http://rimuhosting.com/terms.jsp
Live
chat
Home
Java hosting
Rails hosting
Dedicated servers
VPS servers
Web sites
Plesk reseller hosting
Servers where you need them
Auckland-based servers
Email
Software development
Server monitoring
Redundant server
Enhance your geekness
Order
VPS & dedicated servers
VPS
Dedicated server
VPS-on-dedicated servers
Hosting
VPS technology
Hardware
Data centers
Dallas
London
Australia
Auckland
Frankfurt
Linux distributions
Applications
Contact Us
Support ticket
Sales enquiry form
Live Chat
Phone, address, twitter, email
Your account
Control panel
Your RimuHosting servers
DNS
Billing
Contact details
Operations notices
Real-time email response status
Reverse DNS
VPS upgrade
Console-over-SSH
FTP backup space
RimuHosting
About
Staff
Blog
Support to rave about
HOWTO articles
News
Customer testimonials
Link to us
Terms and conditions
Site map
Home
> RimuHosting
> Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Prohibited Uses:
There are some things you must not do on our servers:
Misuse of System Resources:
Misuse of system resources, including but
not limited to employing programs that consume excessive CPU time,
network capacity, disk IO or storage space.
Unsolicited Communications:
Sending unsolicited bulk messages
utilizing our network. Generating a significantly higher volume
of outgoing e-mail than a normal user. Using a non-existent email
return address.  Open E-mail relaying.  Sending out unsolicited email
from any other network that points to a RimuHosting server.
Access to Other Computers or Networks without Authorization:
Attempting unauthorized and/or illegal access
of computers, networks and/or accounts not belonging to
party seeking access.
Any act which interferes with the services of another user or network.
Any act relating to the circumvention of security measures.
Other Activities viewed as Illegal or Harmful:
Engaging in illegal
activities or engaging in activities harmful to the operations
of RimuHosting or the customer.
Providing False Data on any Contract or Application: including
fraudulent use of credit card numbers
IRC: hosting an IRC server or using IRC related services is not permitted. (This is a condition
imposed on us by the data centers we use, sorry).
Exception: The Dallas-based data center we use now permits IRC clients ("customers that want to sit/monitor an irc channel").
That Dallas-based data center still does not permit IRC servers.
In the event the customer engages in Prohibited Uses, RimuHosting
may restrict, suspend, or terminate the customer's web-hosting
account; impose fees; and/or pursue civil remedies without
providing advance notice.
Disclaimer Of Liability: Services are provided on an
as-is, as available basis.  There is no warranty express or implied.
RimuHosting shall not be responsible for any damages arising
from the customer's use of RimuHosting's services or by the customer's
inability to use RimuHosting's services. RimuHosting
shall not be liable to the customer for any special, incidental or consequential
damages, and whether or not RimuHosting has been advised of the possibility
of such damage.
Limitation Of Liability:
In no event shall RimuHosting's cumulative liability
exceed an amount greater than one month's hosting fee.
Billing: Hosting fees are charged monthly in advance
at the start of each month.  Overages are charged in arrears.
Payment is due within 7 days.  Credit card payments over USD 4000 per month may incur a credit card processing fee.
Delivery Times: We typically setup new virtual machines within the
hour.
We will contact you for dedicated server setup times.
We invoice and bill
for services only after they are provisioned.
Money Back Guarantee:
Our VPS hosting plans include a 30-day money back guarantee for new customers. If
our hosting service is not what it should be and we can't put
the problem right, you may cancel the service within 30 days of
your account being activated.  We will send you a refund of
your web-hosting setup fee and recurring fees (less any usage).
Our refund policy does not apply to accounts that violate
our Terms of Service.  This guarantee does not apply to
dedicated server services.
Uptime Guarantee:
We guarantee that your server will be
accessible from the Internet 99.9% of the time (that's about 43 minutes
of downtime a month).  It is up to the customer to ensure that your
applications are available (including HTTP, SSH and database services).
The uptime levels exclude scheduled maintenance (which we try to
minimize and keep to off peak hours).
Service Credits:
In the event our uptime guarantee is breached, you
may claim a service credit.  The service credit must be claimed within 45 days
of uptime breach.  Service credits will be discounted from subsequent month
hosting fees.  Service credits will be the greater of 10% of your hosting bill,
or the percentage of time the server was unavailable.
RimuHosting does not issue credits for outages resulting from a violation
of this Agreement.
Backups:
RimuHosting perform regular, full VPS backups.  However,
we strongly encourage customers to make their own offsite
backups of any critical data.
Overdue Payments:
RimuHosting may suspend service if payment is overdue.  And
may charge a fee to reconnect suspended services.  Eventually
sites suspended due to overdue payment will be deleted.
Dedicated Server Cancellations:
Cancellations take affect from the start of the next billing period.  e.g. if you cancel
on 15 Jan we will stop your server on 31 Jan.  VPS' can be canceled at any point prior to the
start of the month when we run our monthly billing to avoid a further transaction being
charged.  Dedicated servers should be canceled 7 days prior to the end of the
month.  We require 30 days' notice on cancellations for dedicated servers
at the Brisbane data center.  At the Brisbane data center servers have a minimum 6 month contract term.
VPS Server Cancellations:
VPS' can be marked for cancellation the end of the calendar month.  Or they can be shutdown and canceled at any time of the month.  When you run a shutdown we will add a pro-rated credit for any unused time on the server.  This credit can be used against outstanding invoices; it not refundable.
Responsibility for Content: The customer is solely responsible
for the content stored on and served by RimuHosting servers.
Assignability:
The customer shall not transfer or assign this Agreement.
Privacy Policy: RimuHosting respects our customers' right to privacy.  We
work to keep private customer information private and will not unnecessarily disclose
it to third parties.
Security Policy RimuHosting strives to ensure systems it operates are appropriately secured.
Should you find a potential security issue with any of our systems you can contact us privately at security at rimuhosting dot com or via a support ticket.
GDPR agreement:
See General Data Protection Regulation agreement.
Modifications and Changes:
RimuHosting reserves the right to modify
these Terms at its sole discretion without notice.
RimuHosting : Server hosting service.
A RimuHosting Ltd business. RimuHosting services include:
Launchtime™ VPS servers.
RimuHosting™ Dedicated
servers.
Pingability™ Website monitoring service.
Bakop™ Remote
FTP backup service.
Zonomi™ DNS hosting service.
25 Mail St.™ Managed
email hosting.
Email
the RimuHosting team
About RimuHosting
Policies (SLA, terms and conditions, privacy) RimuHosting blog RimuHosting news
© RimuHosting Ltd 2002-2020. Rimuhosting, Launchtime and the Rimuhosting logo are RedRata™ trademarks.