https://robertogaloppini.net/privacy
Commercial Open Source Software
“equally critical of proprietary and open source myths, advocating software choice beyond marketing and romanticism”
About the Editor
Roberto has over 25 years experience in the IT field, and has spent the last 12 years working in the intersection of open source software and business development. Roberto has taken an active interest in different open source projects and organizations, he has served on advisory boards, and helped large IT vendors, open source vendors and customers to design and deploy their open source strategies. After serving as Senior Director of Business Development at SourceForge for over 4 years, in 2016 he started a new company called Business Follows,
whose mission is to is to help developers, companies and organizations to make Open Source development a key part of their business strategies. He is the editor of commercial open source blog.
Search my blog
Search for:
Privacy
Please read the Privacy page.
Tweets
Sorry, no Tweets were found.
Privacy
Permalink
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to me. This page describes the privacy policy applicable to the services using the robertogaloppini.net domain (the website).
For the processing of personal data I, as data controller, adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union. To that effect, the users of my website are the data subjects.
Data processing on our Website
When visiting our website, each page access is temporarily logged in order to combat abuse and to ensure the health of the website. This data includes the page accessed, the time of access, the IP address and the browser’s user agent. This data is not shared with any third party and is automatically deleted after no more than 10 days. Data processing is in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR.
For statistical purposes, anonymized data may be collected in aggregate form from which no information about individual users can be infered.
Some services on the website allow you to register an account, requiring you to enter your e-mail address in addition to a username of your choice upon account creation. All actions made using an account are logged, including account name, IP-address and content. Your account profile as well as all texts and images posted using your account are publicly visible. Data retention is potentially unlimited unless removal is requested by you or required by law. We do not share non-public data with third parties. Registering an account and the subsequent data processing requires consent in accordance to Art. 6 (1) point a GDPR.
Some services on the website may use cookies for session handling. If you do not want to use cookies you can disable them in your webbrowser settings. These cookies are not being shared with third parties. Data processing is in accordance with Art. 6 (1) point f GDPR to ensure the best possible and user-friendly functionality of the services.
Your rights
You have the right to access to, rectification of, erasure of, restriction of processing of, and portability of your personal data pursuant to Articles 15, 16, 17, 18, 20 of the GDPR respectively.
You have the right to withdraw consent to proccesing pursuant Art. 7 (3) GDPR.
You have the right to object to processing pursuant Art. 21 GDPR.
Please contact info@robertogaloppini.net if you wish to exercise any of these rights and we will respond to your request without undue delay.
We do not use automatic decision-making subject to Art. 22 GDPR.
You further have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR.
Contact information
The controller responsible for this privacy policy and the data processing is Roberto Galoppini by Business Follows srl, Via Catone 3, 00192, Roma (Italy).
Please direct all questions regarding this policy to info@robertogaloppini.net.
Proudly powered by WordPress.		Theme: P2 by WordPress.com.
cCompose new post
jNext post/Next comment
k Previous post/Previous comment
r Reply
e Edit
o Show/Hide comments
t Go to top
l Go to login
h Show/Hide help
shift + esc Cancel