https://roidesigns.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsThe Humble Web Designer2020-01-03T10:02:14+00:00
ROI Designs no-longer accepts cheques and all payments must be paid for by Bank Transfer, Cash or Deposit.
Web design Payment Schedule
Unless otherwise agreed, ROI Designs take a 50% (fifty percent) deposit of the agreed development cost with the final outstanding balance to be paid at the time of the website going live. Failure to complete this payment will result in the website being temporarily suspended. All outstanding invoices MUST be settled within 48hrs of the issued invoice.
Hosting Terms and Conditions
Payments are due within 7 days of receiving an invoice. Should your account be suspended due to late payment then you will incur a £10 reactivation fee.
ROI Designs runs an automated suspension service so please make sure invoices are paid on time.
1. Provision of Services.
ROI Designs agrees to provide services to You in exchange for your payment for ROI Designs’ services, your execution and compliance with this agreement, and your compliance with ROI Designs’ Acceptable Use Policy (See Below) and No-Spam Policy. Provision of ROI Designs’ services shall commence once ROI Designs has received both your payment for ROI Designs’ services and this Agreement duly executed by You. You warrant and represent that You shall use ROI Designs’ services only for lawful purposes.
2. Agreement Term.
For shared hosting, reseller hosting, and colocation:
The initial term of this agreement shall be from the date of your initial payment and execution of this agreement through the remainder of the calendar month in which this agreement was executed.
For dedicated server hosting:
The initial term of this agreement shall be from the date of your initial payment and execution of this agreement through the remainder of the minimum contract period, in accordance with the dedicated server plan chosen by you.
3. Automatic Renewal.
This agreement shall renew automatically on an annual basis, at the end of the prior agreement term, unless terminated either by You or by ROI Designs in writing (email, mail, or fax) 30 days prior to the end of the current agreement term.
4. Termination without Cause.
You may terminate this agreement at any time, for any reason, by contacting ROI Designs, either by phone or email, and requesting that your account be canceled.
ROI Designs shall not refund amounts already billed for the service period in which You terminate the agreement.
If You terminate this agreement, your Web site content, databases, and email messages will be backed up and provided to You as an archive file, and sent to You either by email, PLACED ON A WEB-ACCESSIBLE DIRECTORY FOR DOWNLOAD, or COPIED to a CD AND POSTED TO YOU.
ROI Designs may terminate this agreement at any time, for any reason, by providing written or electronic mail notice of termination to your primary Web site’s e-mail contact address no less than 14 days prior to the service termination; and.
5. Termination for Cause.
YOU AGREE TO KEEP ROI DESIGNS INFORMED OF ALL CURRENT CONTACT AND BILLING INFORMATION FOR YOUR ACCOUNT (INCLUDING DEBIT/CREDIT CARD INFORMATION). FAILURE TO MAINTAIN OR KEEP CURRENT ALL CONTACT INFORMATION SHALL BE A VALID GROUND FOR ROI DESIGNS’ TERMINATION OF SERVICES FOR CAUSE.
IF ROI DESIGNS TERMINATES YOUR ACCOUNT FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, COMPANY’S ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY, OR COMPANY’S NO-SPAM POLICY, COMPANY SHALL NOT BE REQUIRED TO REFUND TO YOU ANY AMOUNTS BILLED TO YOU FOR THE BILLING PERIOD IN WHICH COMPANY SERVICES TERMINATE.
6. Payment Terms.
You agree to be billed for all recurring and one-time charges, including late charges, for any ROI Designs services ordered by you and any fees you owe to ROI Designs.
Charges are payable by bank transfer or Direct Debit in monthly instalments where agreed. ROI Designs will invoice you for the first instalment once everything is set up to your satisfaction, and at regular intervals thereafter.
Charges for upgrading your current hosting package, or performing add-on requests, will not be billed until your next invoice.
ROI Designs will submit all invoices to you by email.
Payments are due within 14 days of receiving an invoice. Should your account be suspended due to late payment then you will incur a £10 reactivation fee.
ROI Designs runs an automated suspension service so please make sure invoices are paid on time.
7. Taxes.
ROI Designs shall not be liable for any taxes and other governmental fees to be paid which are related to purchases made from You or from ROI Designs’ server. You agree that You shall be fully responsible for all taxes and fees of any nature associated with products or services sold through the use of or with the aid of services provided to You by ROI Designs.
8. Materials and Products.
Any material and data You provide to company in connection with ROI Designs’ services shall be in a condition that is in a form requiring no additional manipulation on the part of ROI Designs. ROI Designs shall make no effort to validate this material or data for content, correctness, or usability. Material or data that is not in this condition shall be a breach of this agreement.
ROI Designs may, in its sole discretion, reject material or data that You have placed on ROI Designs’ servers or that You request ROI Designs put on ROI Designs’ servers. ROI Designs agrees to notify You immediately of its refusal of the material or data and provide You with an opportunity to amend or modify the material or data to meet the requirements of ROI Designs. your failure to amend or modify the data or material as directed by ROI Designs within a reasonable time shall be a breach of this agreement.
9. Service Level Agreement, Remedies, and Exclusions.
ROI Designs agrees to provide guaranteed service to You under the terms of our Network Service Level Agreement (see below).
10. Liability; No Warranty; Limitation of Damages.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF ROI DESIGNS’ SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
ROI Designs, its agents, affiliates, licensors or the like, do not represent or warrant, expressly or impliedly, that ROI Designs’ services will not be interrupted or error free; neither do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of ROI Designs’ services or as to the accuracy, reliability, or content of any information service or merchandise contained in or provided through ROI Designs’ services, unless otherwise expressly stated in this agreement.
ROI Designs, its officers, agents, or anyone else involved in providing ROI Designs’ services shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use or inability to use ROI Designs’ services; or for any damages that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, delays in operation, or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not limited to acts of God, communication failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to ROI Designs’ records, programs, or services.
ROI Designs will exercise no control over the content of the information passing through ROI Designs’ network except those controls expressly provided herein.
ROI Designs makes no warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, for the service it is providing. ROI Designs also disclaims any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and will not be responsible for any damages that may be suffered by the You, including loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, or service interruptions by any cause or due to your errors or omissions. Use of any information obtained by way of ROI Designs is to be used at your own risk, and ROI Designs specifically denies any responsibility for the accuracy or quality of information obtained through its services. ROI Designs expressly limits its damages for any non-accessibility time or other downtime to credit applied towards future invoices. ROI Designs expressly limits its responsibility for any damages arising as a consequence of such unavailability.
11. Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual and Proprietary Rights.
Except for rights expressly granted herein, this agreement does not transfer any intellectual or other property or proprietary right to You. You agree that all right, title, and interest in any product or service provided to You is ROI Designs’. These products and services are only for your use in connection with ROI Designs’ services provided to You as outlined in this agreement.
You expressly warrant to ROI Designs that You have the right to use any patented, copyrighted, or trademarked material which You use, post, or otherwise transfer to ROI Designs servers.
12. Hardware, Equipment, and Software.
You are responsible for and must provide all phones, phone services, computers, software, hardware, and other services necessary to access ROI Designs servers. ROI Designs makes no representations, warranties, or assurances that your equipment will be compatible with ROI Designs services.
13. Age.
You expressly represent and warrant that You and any person to whom You grant access to your ROI Designs account have reached the age of eighteen.
14. Indemnification.
You agree that You shall defend, indemnify, save, and hold ROI Designs harmless from any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs, and claims, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted against ROI Designs, its agents, servants, officers, and employees, that may arise or result from any service provided or performed or agreed to be performed or any product sold by You, your agents, employees, or assigns.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless ROI Designs against liabilities arising out of:
(i) any injury to person or property caused by any products sold or otherwise distributed in connection with ROI Designs services provided to You;
(ii) any material supplied by You infringing or allegedly infringing on the property or proprietary rights of a third party;
(iii) copyright infringement; and
(iv) any defective product which You sold or distributed by means of ROI Designs services.
You agree that the liability limit of ROI Designs shall in no event be greater than the aggregate dollar amount which You paid during the terms of this agreement, including any reasonable attorneys’ fees and court costs.
15. Miscellaneous.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Forum. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with UK Law without regard to its conflicts of laws or principles.
Severability. In case any one or more of the provisions contained herein shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this agreement, and this agreement shall be construed as if such provision(s) had never been contained herein, provided that such provision(s) shall be curtailed, limited, or eliminated only to the extent necessary to remove the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability.
Waiver. No waiver by ROI Designs of any breach by You of any of the provisions of this agreement shall be deemed a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of this agreement. No such waiver shall be effective unless it is in writing and then only to the extent expressly set forth in such writing.
Entire agreement. This agreement, including ROI Designs Acceptable Use Policy, and ROI Designs No-Spam Policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between You and ROI Designs.
Web Hosting Acceptable Use Policy
1. Introduction
Provider’s Acceptable Use Policy is intended to help enhance the use of the Internet by preventing unacceptable use. All users of Provider’s Internet services (the “Services”) – those who access some of our Services but do not have accounts (“Visitors”) as well as those who pay a monthly service fee to subscribe to the Services (“Clients”) – must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy. We support the free flow of information and ideas over the Internet and do not actively monitor use of the Services under normal circumstances. Similarly, we do not exercise editorial control over the content of any Web site, electronic mail transmission, news group, or other material created or accessible over or through the Services, except for certain proprietary websites. However, in accordance with our Terms of Service Agreement, we may remove any materials that, in our sole discretion, may be illegal, may subject us to liability, or which may violate this Acceptable Use Policy. Provider may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong. Your violation of this Acceptable Use Policy may result in the suspension or termination of either your access to the Services and/or your Provider account or other actions as detailed in Section 3. This Acceptable Use Policy should be read in conjunction with, and is part and parcel of, our Terms of Service Agreement and other policies. By using our web hosting services, you agree to comply with our Acceptable Use Policy.
2. Violations of Provider’s Acceptable Use Policy
The following constitute violations of this Acceptable Use Policy:
Illegal use. Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that, intentionally or unintentionally, violates any applicable local, national or international law, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.
Harm to minors. Using the Services to harm, or attempt to harm, minors in any way.
Threats. Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that threatens or encourages bodily harm or destruction of property.
Harassment. Using the Services to transmit any material (by email, uploading, posting, or otherwise) that harasses another.
Fraudulent activity. Using the Services to making fraudulent offers to sell or buy products, items, or services or to advance any type of financial scam such as “pyramid schemes,” “ponzi schemes,” and “chain letters.”
Forgery or impersonation. Adding, removing or modifying identifying network header information in an effort to deceive or mislead is prohibited. Attempting to impersonate any person by using forged headers or other identifying information is prohibited. The use of anonymous remailers or nicknames does not constitute impersonation. Using deliberately misleading headers (“munging” headers) in news postings in order to avoid spam e-mail address collectors is allowed.
Unsolicited commercial email/ Unsolicited bulk email. Using the Services to transmit any unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk email. Activities that have the effect of facilitating unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk email whether or not that email is commercial in nature, are prohibited
Bulk e-mail sent through a mail service external to our system can not contain an e-mail address or a domain name that is hosted by Provider. This generally results in complaints being forwarded to our administrative staff and will be cause for immediate account termination or suspension without prior notification.
Unauthorised access. Using the Services to access, or to attempt to access, the accounts of others, or to penetrate, or attempt to penetrate, security measures of Provider’s or another entity’s computer software or hardware, electronic communications system, or telecommunications system, whether or not the intrusion results in the corruption or loss of data.
Distributing viruses to or from Provider systems.
Adult Content. Due to special system and network requirements of adult oriented sites, pornography and sex-related merchandising are prohibited. This includes sites that may infer sexual content, or links to adult content elsewhere.
Collection of personal data. Using the Services to collect, or attempt to collect, personal information about third parties without their knowledge or consent.
Reselling the services. Reselling the Services without Provider’s authorisation.
CGI Scripts. CGI script sharing with domains not hosted by Provider is prohibited. Any cgi-scripts deemed to be adversely affecting the server performance or the network integrity will be shut down without prior notice and the owner will be contacted to alleviate the situation.
Chat Rooms. Provider does not allow clients to install their own chat rooms. Chat rooms tend to be large system hogs and we cannot permit it as an account option.
Software and Multimedia Distribution. These types of files consume huge amounts of disk space and bandwidth. If you wish to distribute software and/or multimedia files (graphics, audio, and video), please contact us for a special arrangement.
Network disruptions and unfriendly activity. Using the Services for any activity which adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use Provider Services or the Internet. This includes “denial of service” (DoS) attacks against another network host or individual user. Interference with or disruption of other network users, network services or network equipment is prohibited. It is the Client’s responsibility to ensure that their network is configured in a secure manner. A Client may not, through action or inaction, allow others to use their network for illegal or inappropriate actions. A Client may not permit their network, through action or inaction, to be configured in such a way that gives a third party the capability to use their network in an illegal or inappropriate manner.
3. Reporting Violations of Provider’s Acceptable Use Policy
Provider requests that anyone who believes that there is a violation of this Acceptable Use Policy direct the information to our System Abuse Department by contacting us.
If available, please provide the following information:
The IP address used to commit the alleged violation
The date and time of the alleged violation, including the time zone or offset from GMT
Evidence of the alleged violation
E-mail with full header information provides all of the above, as do syslog files. Other situations will require different methods of providing the above information.
Provider may take any one or more of the following actions in response to complaints:
Issue warnings: written or verbal
Suspend the Client’s newsgroup posting privileges
Suspend the Client’s account
Terminate the Client’s account
Bill the Client for administrative costs and/or reactivation charges
Bring legal action to enjoin violations and/or to collect damages, if any, caused by violations.
4. Revisions to This Acceptable Use Policy
Provider reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this Acceptable Use Policy, our Terms of Service Agreement our Privacy Policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted in accordance with the Terms of Service Agreement.
Network Service Level Agreement
ROI Designs guarantees 99.9% accessibility (uptime) for all web sites, web servers, routing devices, and Internet connections within its network.
Network Service Level Agreement Exclusions
Certain scenarios are beyond the control of ROI Designs, and therefore are not considered within the scope of this SLA. These scenarios include:
Routine maintenance – ROI Designs may on occasion need to perform maintenance on network hardware, including servers and routing devices. This might include rebooting a server or routing device, temporarily suspending or restarting a service within a server.
Prescheduled maintenance – ROI Designs may on occasion need to perform lengthier maintenance on its network hardware. This might involve installing software patches on a server, replacing memory and hard drives on a server, or replacing an entire server or network device. In the event this type of maintenance is required, ROI Designs will pre-notify all customers to be affected by the outage, and if at all possible schedule the maintenance to be performed at the quietest time of the week (an evening and/or weekend).
Malicious attacks – if a third party unaffiliated with ROI Designs initiates a DDoS (dedicated denial of service) or other form of disabling attack against major portions of our network ROI Designs will do everything possible to stop the attack, but cannot offer a guaranteed resolution time.
Malfunction of colocation property – if network equipment belonging to a colocation client malfunctions or fails, and ROI Designs was not responsible for the malfunction or failure, ROI Designs will coordinate with the client to assist in the repair or replacement of the equipment, but cannot offer a guaranteed resolution time.Network Service Level Agreement Remedy
In the event ROI Designs does not meet the terms described in this Service Level Agreement, clients are eligible to apply for a credit equal to 1/30th of a month for each hour of time their service is unreachable, rounded to the nearest hour.
The following example considers a two-hour outage:
A network outage lasts for 2 hours, 20 minutes
2 hrs, 20 mins rounded to the nearest hour = 2 hrs
2 hrs * 1/30 = 2/30th of a month credit
In the above two-hour outage example, a client is eligible to receive credit equal to 2/30th of a month free service.
All remedied credits will be issued during the following billing cycle.
All eligible requests for compensation must be received within 5 business days of the incident in question. All requests for credit must be made in writing (by submitting a ticket through our Support System).
ROI Designs No-Spam Policy
ROI Designs strictly prohibits Spamming. One of the most serious abuses is using your web hosting account to send unsolicited commercial e-mail, otherwise known as Spam. The following are examples of Spam and are blatantly contrary to our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy, and will result in termination of web hosting services.
Inappropriate E-mail Activities
Commercial e-mail: Defined as sending unsolicited commercial e-mails. This is prohibited. You are not permitted to use your ROI Designs account or the e-mail alias/account of your Virtual Server to send unsolicited commercial e-mail. Using an e-mail address hosted anywhere on ROI Designs servers to collect responses from unsolicited commercial e-mail is prohibited. This includes using a throwaway, free e-mail account to promote your ROI Designs account and redirects for the same account.
Mail Bombing: Defined as sending large volumes of unsolicited e-mail to individuals from your ROI Designs account. This is strictly prohibited.
Harassment: Defined as sending threatening or harassing e-mail after being requested to stop, is prohibited. Extremely threatening or harassing e-mail never is allowed.
Inappropriate use of Mailing Lists: Purchased Mailing Lists: Mass mailing to purchased mailing lists is not allowed. We allow only opt-in mailing lists. To comply with our no-Spam policy, the recipients on your mailing list must have specifically requested (subscribed) to receive mail from you on this topic. Purchased or inherited lists are, by definition, NOT opt-in. Similarly; you could not start a list about horses and then post to it about boats. Opt-in list mailings must include instructions to unsubscribe (opt-out) in every message.
Inappropriate Newsgroup Activities: Newsgroup Spamming: This Spam is defined as excessive cross-posting, or posting the same article to several newsgroups. This is prohibited. Generally accepted standards allow no more than 15 newsgroups, or cross-postings, for a single article or substantially similar articles. Such articles may be cancelled. You are not allowed to use your Sunrise Web Hosting based mail facilities to Spam the newsgroups.
Off topic or inappropriate postings: There is no restriction on content, except as defined by each newsgroup. Continued posting of off-topic articles is prohibited. Please note that commercial advertisements are off-topic and considered Spam in the vast majority of newsgroups.
We take a very dim view of Spam. It is one of the most annoying things encountered on the Internet. Any ROI Designs client found to be Spamming will have his/her web hosting account terminated immediately – no questions asked (we will investigate the report thoroughly before terminating any account). There is no warning or second chance. If we find that you have violated our Acceptable Usage Policy, we will report you and the incident to the proper local, state and federal authorities and will prosecute you to the full extent of the law.
We are not attempting to censor, nor are we attempting to curtail the business of our customers. But as a whole, Spamming hurts our members and us more than it helps the one who does the Spam. Do yourself, and us, a favour: PLEASE DON’T DO IT.
If you know of any ROI Designs client that is or might be violating this policy, please send a message or, if possible, forward the Spam in full (including headers) to us by contacting us.
By paying for hosting service, you agree to the terms outlined above.
Postal Address: Gemini House, 136-140 Old Shoreham Road, Brighton, BN3 7BD
Terms updated 02/11/2017
© Copyright 2005 - 2020 ROI Designs - Web designers in Sussex
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Linkedin
Yelp
Keep in touch
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy