https://roidesigns.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThe Humble Web Designer2020-01-07T09:18:56+00:00
1. The good stuff
We will only use your data to up your experience.
2. Locked down
We’ll protect your data like it’s our own.
3. Straight talking
We’ll always talk your language and have your back – no nonsense, no surprises.
4. No spam
You decide what and how you hear from us.
5. Just the essentials
Your info won’t just hang about – if we don’t need it, we’ll delete it.
Protecting Your Privacy
At ROI Designs, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors (yep, we mean you). The ROI Designs team members are customers themselves, of both ROI Designs and other internet sites – so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is. If you have any questions about how we Protect Your Privacy, drop us a line at dataprotection@roidesigns.co.uk
For all our services, the data controller — the company that’s responsible for your privacy— is ROI Designs.
Navigating this page
How we use your contact history
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you, after all, you expect the best service from us
Provide customer service and support
So that, when you contact us, you get the best possible customer service
Information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our website
Information you give us when you browse our site or use, including your IP address and device type and, if you choose to share it with us, your location data, as well as how you use our website.
Improve our website and set default options for you (such as language and currency)
To give you the best possible shopping experience
Protect our website
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or ROI Designs – unfortunate, but absolutely essential — and to meet our legal obligations about looking after your data
What we do if you link your Twitter or Facebook accounts to us
To enable you to log into our website simply and easily without having to create a specific account
To make it easier for you to use our website and purchase those items you want!
To provide product recommendations
So you can quickly spot things which take your fancy
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
If you have said we can, we’ll send you marketing messages by email, text, to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products.
How to stop marketing messages from ROI Designs?
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
You can do this:
By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email
By contacting us
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages.
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data.
If we make significant changes, we will make that clear on the ROI Designs website, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use ROI Designs.
We use cookies when you visit our site. There are four main types of cookies – here’s how and why we use them.
(1) Site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the website.
(2) Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve its functionality.
(3) Customer preference cookies – when you are browsing on ROI Designs, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location), so we can make your website experience as seamless as possible, and more personal to you.
(4) Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the “help” section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
Further information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies/ .
Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site, and the complete ROI Designs user experience that we pride ourselves on providing our customers.”
We always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we’ve let you down or could do better).
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint
please don’t hesitate to contact our Customer Care team, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
You can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at dataprotection@roidesigns.co.uk or else through the Contact Page on this website. Or if you’d like to, you can write to us at:
ROI Designs
Gemini House,
136-140 Old Shoreham Road,
Brighton,
BN3 7BD
© Copyright 2005 - 2020 ROI Designs - Web designers in Sussex
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Linkedin
Yelp
Keep in touch
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy