http://rshweb.com/internet-glossary-of-terms
Internet Glossary of TermsDefinitions Every Beginner Should KnowCommonly used words associated with the World Wide WebGeneral FAQ's
Web Hosting FAQ's
Domain Name FAQ's
SSL F.A.Q's
Virtual Server FAQ's
Internet Glossary of Terms
Blogs and Articles
WordPress Tutorials
cPanel Tutorials
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z
A
Address
There are three types of addresses in use within the WWW. These are Domain Names, E-mail and IP numbers or Internet Protocol addresses
Affiliate Program
A program that people use to promote a website or product. In return they will receive a commission or residual commissions. This is more commonly done through a network of affiliates who assist the website with advertising
Agent
A software program that performs preprogrammed functions such as monitoring incoming data, keyword searches, etc
Ajax
"Asynchronous JavaScript and XML". To include content in a web page in which javascript fetches some data from a server and displays it without refetching the entire surrounding page at the same time
Alias
An email address that forwards to another email address. Commonly used for a short and easy to remember email address that translates into another usually long and difficult to remember email address
Aliasing
The jagged and stair stepped appearance of curved and diagonal lines of a image
ALT Tags
A text description of a photo or image on a web page.
Example could be a photo of a bird and could have an "Alt Tag" specifying "Eagle feeding her young".
In this way, smart phones or browsers not displaying pictures will still show what the image is
Anchor Text
The text used when hyper-linking to another page or website.
"Learn More about WordPress Hosting" is an example of anchor text linking
Apache
The most popular Web Server software on the Internet. An open source application. Apache is designed as a set of modules, enabling administrators to choose which features they wish to use and making it easy to add features to meet specific needs including handling protocols other than the web-standard HTTP
Applet
A small Java script which can be embedded in an HTML page. They differ from full fledged Java applications in that they will not access certain resources on the local computer, such as files and serial devices (modems, printers, etc.), and are prohibited from communicating with most other computers across a network
ASCII
"American Standard Code for Information Interchange". This is the "De facto" World wide standard for the code numbers used by computers to represent all the upper and lower case Latin letters, numbers, punctuation, etc. There are 128 standard ASCII codes which can be represented by a 7 digit binary number: 0000000 through 1111111
Autoresponder
An automated response to an e-mail inquiry generated by the Mail Server that is programmed to acknowledge receipt of an e-mail request. This can be used to send additional information about a specific product or service
Avatar
An image associated with a Users account. Such as when you post on social networks or in forums, your avatar appears next to your posts
B
Backlinks
Links from 3rd party Websites that link back to your website. With SEO Marketing Backlinks are one of the main goals as they carry no reciprocal linking. Google may place higher value on one-way links than normal link swaps. See What is a backlink
Bandwidth
In the computing world bandwidth is the maximum rate of data transfer across a given path. Bandwidth may be characterized as network bandwidth, data bandwidth, or digital bandwidth. Used in conversation bandwidth refers to high-speed or high capacity Internet access
BBS
"Bulletin Board System". A meeting and announcement System that allows people to carry on discussions, upload and download files and make announcements without the people being connected to the Server at the same time
Black Hat
This is a term best describes bad or illicit SEO techniques that does not utilize good SEO practices. Such methods can have great results, but only lasts for a short time and when discovered, Google often bans websites from their index
Blind Link
An advertisement or link that does not show its true intent, or after clicking where it leads to. This is sometimes considered deceptive in the Internet marketing world, but it is still commonly used
Blog
Short for web log, blogs and blogging have quickly become a popular way to communicate, but they are also used for marketing and search engine ranking
Bookmarking
The saving of a website address in your Browser with the intention of visiting it again. The term bookmarking is also used when in reference to social bookmarking, where you post and share your favorite websites
Bounce
The return of e-mail because of an error in the delivery process. Mail can be bounced for various reasons. “Bounce” can also refer to the message indicating the error (informal usage)
Bounce Rate
A SEO term for visitors that click a link, visit the site and immediately leave. In PPC terms the bounce rate that the content on the page was not what the person was looking to find. Bounce rates may affect the price you pay for PPC advertising
Bots
Are also known as Internet robots, spiders, crawlers, web bots. Programs created to perform repetitive jobs such as indexing websites for Search Engines. They often come in the form of malware. Malware bots are used to collect information such as email addresses from web sites. Amnd used to gain control over a computer
Browser
A browser is software that resides on your computer and through which you request information from the Internet. Software on the Web Server sends the Web page information back to your browser. It is your browser which interprets the Site coding in order to display them correctly on your monitor. We have listed some of the most popular and secure Browsers Firefox, Waterfox,
Slim Browser, Microsoft Edge, FreeNet,
SeaMonkey, Chromium, Epic,
Vivaldi, Google Chrome, Brave,
Safari, OmniWeb, Torch
Byte
A set of Bits that represent a single character. Usually there are 8 "Bits" in a "Byte' Occasionally more depending on how the measurement is being made
C
Captcha
A program or coding on a webpage intended to distinguish humans from machine input. Typically used as a way of thwarting spam and automated extraction data programs "bots"
CGI
Common Gateway Interface (CGI) is an interface specification for web servers to execute programs. See What is CGI
CGI-BIN
"Common Gateway Interface - Binary". The name of a directory on a Web server in which CGI programs are usually stored
CMS - Content Management Systems
A software application that can be used to manage the creation and modification of web pages or websites without the need for specialized technical knowledge. CMS's allows multiple users to work on the same project from different locations
Cookies
Cookies were introduced to preserve information in the Browser. This permits a site to recognize you on subsequent visits. Shopping cart programs can record each item you have collect as you continue shopping through out a Website. Upon checking out the Website will use all of your accumulated cookies to calculate the charge. Misconception is that ANY website you connect to can read the cookies on your computer. This is false and only the Website that issued the cookies can read it
Conversion
The term conversion for SEO means the percentage of people who go from clicking on an ad or visiting a website to actually making a sale. The conversion rate indicates that the link or ad was successful since it moved from a simple click to a actual sale
cPanel
A Internet based Web Hosting control panel that provides a graphical interface and automation tools designed to simplify the process of hosting a web site. With over 80 different features it claims to be the most powerful online control panel available. RSH Web has a section devoted to cPanel here
CPM
Advertising term meaning "Cost Per One Thousand Sightings" or "Impressions"
CSS
A style sheet language (i.e. "style.css" or "bootstrap.min.css") that controls the look and feel of a website. The usefulness of CSS is a way to change web page "Styles" - Size, color, font. images and other options through out the whole site by modifying just one file. A Website with 10,000+ pages could have every page reflect the changes just by changing the one master style sheet file. See What is CSS
CSV
A CSV "Comma Separated Values" file is a spread sheet type file used to store information about your email contacts. CSV files are most useful for moving your contacts between email apps and devices
CTR
"Click Thru Rate" The percentage of actual clicks on a banner. If there are 100 views for a banner ad, and if only 10 clicks. Then the advertisement has a 10% "Click Thru Rate"
Cyberspace
This term originated by the author William Gibson in his novel "Neuromancer". The word Cyberspace is currently used to describe the whole range of information resources available through computer networks
D
Database
A structured collection of data or records organized for a specific purpose that can be searched
DHTML
Technique of creating web page interaction with design elements by using a combination of the static markup language like HTML, JavaScript, CSS.
Most "Drop Down Menus" on Web pages is a DHTML script using JavaScript, CSS and HTML
Direct Response
The result of "Direct Marketing". When a business gains new clients or customers from the direct marketing campaigns it participates in this is referred to as "Direct Response Marketing"
Directory
A listing of other websites online. The directory is often edited by humans that contains links to various sources, websites, or other information on a variety of topics
Discussion Group
A "Discussion Group" is a focus group of people who typically communicate via a chat platform, Web businesses owners will then use the information or feedback collected from the discussion group to make better decisions or to make changes to their products
Domain Name
The name associated with the numeric Internet Protocol (IP) address of a site on the Internet. Most of the domains that we will frequent are (dot) .com, .net, .org, .edu and .gov
Download
To download a file is to transfer it from a remote computer or Server to the computer or device you are using
DNS
The "Domain Name Systems" are used to organize Domain resources associated with the Internet. When you type "rshweb.com" into your web browser's address bar, you are typing an "easy to remember" name for a websites address. The domain name is then translated into a numerical address or a IP address such as 162.255.161.46. This represents RSH Web Services Website URL on the Internet
DPI
Dots Per Inch is the standard method of stating resolution for images, both for print applications or web images
Duplicate Content
A term used to describe content that is the same to other content on the Web, this is considered to be plagiarism and bad SEO practices
E
E-Bill
"Electronic Bill" "Paperless Billing" An eBill is a replacement for the paper bills you receive in the mail
E-Book
An abbreviation for the term "Electronic Book". They can be in several formats including a document or PDF file
E-Course
Much like an e-book, an e-course is simply curriculum or training which is all electronic or done online
Email
"Electronic Messages" "Electronic Mail" An email is a message that is sent from one person to another over the Internet by the use of email apps
Email Apps
Outlook, Windows Live, Mac Mail, Thunderbird, Incredimail. An email app is a piece of software that enables people to exchange messages (emails) over the Internet
EPV
"Earnings Per Visitor" A breakdown of how much a website makes on average based on the number of clicks or visitors it receives
Ezine
Much line an ebook, an Ezine is the electronic version of a magazine. Many modern day magazines now supplement their printed version with an ezine
F
FAQ
An acronym for Frequently Asked Questions, You can see RSH Web's FAQ pages here
Favicon
Also known as a "Shortcut Icon" "Website Icon" "Tab Icon" "URL Icon" "Bookmark Icon" This is a file containing one or more small image or icon. These are associated with a website or web page. A designer can create such an icon, upload to a website. Browsers that provide favicon support typically display a page's favicon in the browser's address bar - With in the History - In a list of bookmarks and other placesRSH Web Services Favicon
Create your own favicon here
FDDI
"Fiber Distributed Data Interface". A standard for transmitting data though optical fiber cables at a rate of 100,000,000 bits-per-second. About 10 times as fast as 10-BaseT Ethernet and about twice as fast as T-3
FFA
Acronym for "Free For All". Means exactly what it says.
All the links, items and or other things on a FFA site are free
Finger
An Internet based program for locating people on Internet sites. Finger is also sometimes used to give access to non-personal information, but the most common use is to see if there is a account at a particular Internet site. Many sites do not allow incoming Finger requests
Firewall
A firewall is a virtual wall that limits other users and programs from accessing your website or computer. This protects against malicious viruses, Hackers and spy-ware. See: Firewalls
Flash
A technology that allows animations, interactive forms, games and other multimedia features to be embedded in a web page.
Flash is a multimedia platform created by Macromedia and currently supported and distributed by Adobe Systems
Forums
A forum is a online social Website where users can post messages publicly or privately having discussions with other users of the site
Frames
An HTML programming option that permits a Web page to be subdivided into smaller sections of varying size. The “windows” can have no relevance to each other or they can be hyper-linked to each other
Freeware
Software that is free for anyone’s use (public domain), but can be copyright protected and or have restrictions concerning duplication or resale
FTP
File Transfer Protocol (FTP) is a method of sending files from one computer to another using the Internet. It requires special "FTP client" software that is available from numerous places on the Internet. Some browsers also support FTP transfers. FTP is much faster than e-mail for sending large or multiple files. See What is FTP
G
Gateway
A hardware device that acts as a "gate" between two networks. It may be a router, firewall, server, or other device that enables traffic to flow in and out of the network.
GIF
"Graphics Interchange Format" Created by CompuServe.
A common image format for Web images. Animated GIFs are a group of images stored in one GIF file with programmed delays and transitions that created the illusion of animation
Gigabyte
"Gig" "GB"
A unit of measurement used for data and data storage. Gigabyte - 1000 megabytes of data
Gopher
Before the beginning of the WWW Gopher was Invented at the University of Minnesota in 1993. Designed to be easier to use than FTP with a text only interface. Gopher is a Client and Server style program, which requires that the user have a Gopher program. Although Gopher spread rapidly across the globe in only a couple of years, it has been largely supplanted by the WWW (World Wide Web). There are still thousands of Gopher Servers on the Internet and we can expect they will remain for a while
H
Hex Code
The binary code name for a color used in HTML coding
Home Page
A "Home Page" is the main page of a Website. Normally this page is name "index.html"
Host
A Server that allows users to communicate with other host computers over a network. Individual users communicate by using client programs, such as electronic mail and FTP. Every computer and or Server connected to the Internet is assigned its own IP address and is therefore designated as a "Host"
Hotspot
WiFi Hotspots are wireless access points or areas, often in public, where you can access WiFi with your laptop or mobile devices
HTML
"Hyper Text Markup Language" This is basically text or coding used in Web pages that tells your Browser how to display the Webpage you are viewing. The "Markup" involves Linking to other web-pages or websites. See What is HTML
HTTP - HTTPS
"Hyper Text Transfer Protocol" or "Hyper Text Transfer Protocol with Secure Sockets Layer" The language convention of the Web, used to deliver HTML documents. See What is HTTP - HTPS
Hyperlink
Hyperlinks are the Internet's power and fascination. By clicking on the hyperlink you are requesting another Webpage which may be anywhere in the world. Images can also be hyperlinks
Hypertext
A text link between one document and another. By clicking on a word or phrase that has been converted to a hyperlink a user can jump directly to the webpage related to that subject
I
Icon
A small image that represents an app or file on your computer or device. Clicking or tapping an app icon usually launches the app associated with it. Create a free online icon or favicon here
Image Map
A graphic image, picture, map, etc
coded in HTML that maps the pixels or an area of an image to a Web resource via a hyperlink. Clicking on a section of the image is the same as selecting a hyper-linked word or phrase. Create a Image Map here
IMAP
"Internet Message Access Protocol" A different protocol used by Email Clients that enables you to view email messages that are stored on a mail server
Impression
The term impression in regards to Internet marketing means the exposure of a banner ad or other clickable ad that is viewed once from a website
Inbound Link
A link from another website outside of your website. Linking to your website
Interlaced Graphics
GIF files that are interlaced permit the graphic to load gradually in the browser window, progressively increasing in clarity
IP or Internet Address
A unique number assigned to every computer connected to the internet. The 32-bit address is the basic unit of information assigned to all participants in a TCPIP network. This number uniquely identifies a domain name, computer, Server, client, or network
ISP
"Internet Service Provider" A company with whom you contract to provide your connection to the Internet. It may be a telephone company, a cable TV company, or a company that specializes in providing Internet connections to home-based users or businesses
IPv6
"Internet Protocol Version 6" This is the most recent version of the Internet Protocol. The rules that govern the format of data sent over the Internet, and the system of addresses for each computer and device connected to it
Internet
"WWW" The World Wide Web of interconnected computers that allow you to gather information and communicate with others even when they are using different kinds of computers and software
J
Java - Java Script
A non-compiled command language used in HTML applications where the instructions are managed by the browser. You can download it from java.com. See What is Java
JDK
"Java Development Kit"
The development kit from Sun Microsystems that provides the basic tools needed to write, test and debug Java
Joomla
An open source dynamic portal engine and content management system
Joomla Website. See What is Joomla
JPEG
"Joint Photographic Expert Group" A graphic compression and decompression standard for images
K
Kbps
"KiloBits Per Second" 1 kilobit = 1,000 bits.
A measurement of digital transmission speeds
Keyword(s)
The descriptive text included in HTML programming which is indexed by Search Engines. Keywords examples that RSH Web Services use is Domains, Hosting, Websites, etc
Keyword Density
How many keywords are posted on a article or integrated into a web page. A formula is often used to calculate the percentage of keywords to total words written which is another way to determine keyword density
Key Code
A key code is a sequence of numbers that gives you security access
L
Lag
Lag is the temporary slowdown of a process. This can be a result of high latency (delay of transferred data) or poor hardware performances and is often associated with video streaming and online gaming
LAN
"Local Area Network"
A network that connects computers within a limited area such as a office building, school, home, collage, etc
Latency
A delay in the transfer of network data. An Internet connection with high latency suffers from long delays
Link Popularity
A way to measure how popular and or effective a given link is
Linux
A Open Source Unix like operating system. There are versions of Linux for almost every available type of hardware from desktop machines to IBM mainframes. Thousands of people working on various aspects of Linux and adaptation of Linux for a huge variety of purposes, from home computers to Servers and TV-recording boxes etc. Also see Kali Linux
List
In email marketing terms, a list is simply a compilation of people or email addresses that the sender intends to send marketing emails to
Log File
A file that keeps track of activity that occurs on a web server. The most common is the Error log file
M
MailServer
A computer or Server running programs that distributes files or information in response to requests sent via e-mail
Mailing List
An e-mail address which expands to multiple e-mail addresses
MAPI
"Messaging Application Programming Interface" Is Microsoft’s standard for the interface to e-mail
Mbps
"Megabits Per Second"
1 megabit = 1,000 kilobits. A measurement of digital transmission speeds
Megabit
Approximately one million bits of data
Megabyte
Approximately one million bytes of data
Merchant Account
A banking account merchants can set up that allows them to process and receive credit card payments from customers, whether for individual transactions or recurring billing
Meta Refresh
A way to redirect items within a web browser
META Tags
Commands in HTML that instruct the browser or search engines to perform specific tasks, identify keywords, site definitions, page authors, plug-in requirements, etc
MIME
"Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions". Originally a standard for defining the types of files attached to standard Email messages. The MIME standard has come to be used in many situations where one computer programs needs to communicate with another program about what kind of file is being sent. For a example, HTML files have a MIME-type of text/html, JPEG files are image/jpeg, etc.
Mirror Sites
A website that is an exact copy of another website.
This was a way of fooling the search engines to gain traffic and links. Today such practices can get you dropped from the Google index
Modem
A modem is a device that enables you to have Internet access in your home or office
N
Nameservers
Information that maintains a directory of Domain Names that match specific IP addresses. The information from all the name servers across the Internet is gathered in a central registry. This makes it possible to access any website using a name instead of IP addresses
Navigation
A term for the ability to move around online, and to navigate a website. If you have advanced navigation skills, you're often savvy about looking up items in search engines, finding information you need, or getting products you want online
Netiquette
“Network Etiquette” The conventions of politeness recognized on USENET, such as avoidance of cross-posting to inappropriate groups and refraining from “commercial pluggery” outside the biz (business) newsgroups
Newbies
This is a term of endearment that refers to people who are new to Internet. New to the World Wide Web, New to forums, etc
Node
A device on a network that requests or provides services. A node may also be used to describe a network workstation
Network
A collection of computers and other electronic devices that are interconnected and able to share information and access
O
Organic Listings
Listings in Search Engines that are natural vs. paid.
Organic listings are a result of many factors such as optimized pages, external linking, age of the site and other SEO factors
Opt-In
Choice that customers make to sign up for emails or other services online
Opt-Out
The opposite of opt-in. Opt-out means people who have previously signed up for a newsletter, emails, etc. are now asking to be removed from the list. Another term for "Unsubscribe"
Outbound Link
A link that leads people to a totally different website from the one they originally started from
Outsourcing
This term means you have chosen to pay others to do something for you. This could include shipping and packing items, creating ad content, upkeep of a Website, or any other duties that are required to have an online business. Outsourcing is similar to having employees but you normaly pay for the outsourcing on a case by case basis
P
Page Rank
Search engines such as Google's visual method of "Ranking" websites with regard to how Google values the information presented on the website. The higher the page rank, the more valuable the information for a particular keyword phrase
Page View
Another term for hits; the term used when people have clicked on or viewed a page
Paypal
One of the web's most popular sites for accepting payments and receiving payments online. Many merchants opt to use Paypal instead of having a merchant account since Paypal is so widely used
Pay Per Click
Program that will pay people to click on various links. The person participating gets paid each time they click on sponsored links
Pay Per Impression
When an advertiser pays for their banner ad to be displayed on a view-by-view basis. This is otherwise known as a pay per impression
Pay Per Lead
Many companies will pay to find good leads. Some offer payment on a pay per lead basis, meaning they pay the other party a set rate or amount per lead they receive
Perl
"Practical Extraction and Reporting Language" A scripting language used for text manipulation and is popular for writing gateway applications (CGI)
Pixel or px
A pixel is a unit of measure most commonly with images and HTML layout. 100 pixels = 1 inch and represented as 100px.
A 400 x 300px photo would be a photo actually sized at 4 x 3
PDF
A file format exclusive to the Adobe Acrobat Reader that can be downloaded and viewed off-line. Adobe Acrobat Reader
PHP
A widely used open source general purpose scripting language that is especially suited for web hosting and development. See What is PHP
Phishing
"Scam emails"
"Phishing Scams" Fraudulent emails sent by an individual or organization that is attempting to obtain personal information like your usernames, passwords, or credit card details. These emails are often made to appear as if they have been sent by a legitimate company or a friend. They most times include links to fake websites and viruses. See What is Phishing
Ping
Used to test the status of your Internet connection by sending a signal to a Server and waiting to receive a signal back
PM
"Private Message" Usually refeeing to a message sent via an online chat program. In addition a PM can be used on Forums. It is only viewable by the Sender and the user who receivs it
Portal
A portal is a web site that has a collection of useful information and links to help find what you are looking for on the Internet
PPC
"Pay Per Click" Advertising such as Google's AdSense
Q
Queue
A queue online is the same as a lineup at store or movie theatre. you may find yourself waiting in a queue to have your questions answered or issues resolved
Query
A search engine request for information
QuickTime
(QT) A format developed by Apple Computer for working with data files, such as sounds and video. A QuickTime file is indicated by a “.mov” (movie) filename
R
Rank
How a website measures up against other website in reference to the Search Engines is called the site's rank. If a website has a higher rank it is usually seen by more people and is more well known
Reciprocal Link
Links exchanged between two websites usually with an agreement between the two so that each one benefits
Redirect
When someone clicks on a link that is supposed to take them to one web page but sends them to a different one
Registrar
A company authorized to accept and assign Domain Name registrations
Rich-Media
Online ads that contain motion, sounds, or video and usually use Java or Flash to enhance the ad
Robot
“Bots”
A term for software programs that automatically explore the Web for a variety of purposes. Robots that collect resources for later database queries by users are also called spiders, worms, personal agents and knowbots.
Web Robots
RSS Feed
This is in reference to a live feed that users can integrate into their email or web browser that allows them to get easy access to live, up to the minute updates in news or other topics that interest them. You can encourage visitors to subscribe to your live RSS feed and then update it on a regular basis so that they can see how things are progressing with your website or business
RTFM
An acronym for “Read The Freaking Manual”. Advice given to Newbies who ask questions before looking for the answers in the appropriate places
Router
A device that enables you to share your Internet connection with multiple devices. Routers can be standalone devices, or included inside a modem
S
SEO
"Search Engine Optimization" The process of making a website more appealing to search engines. From minor tweaks such as using H1 and Alt Tags to advanced copywriting and HTML compliancy are part of the SEO process
SERPs
"Search Engine Results Pages" The results that are displayed as a result of a search query. Optimizing a website so that it is found on page 1 or 2 of the SERPs is every webmaster's goal
Shareware
Software that you are permitted to evaluate for a specified period of time and then pay the fee if you wish to continue using it
SMO
"Social Media Optimization" Has become a powerful tool for any website owner or business, increasing traffic to your site, building trust, and boosting sales by interaction with social networking sitesTypes of Social Media sites include Facebook, YouTube, Instagram,
Twitter, WhatsApp, Pinterest,
Reddit, Ask.fm, Tumblr,
Flickr, SnapChat, VK,
LinkedIn, Tagged, meetup
SMTP
"Simple Mail Transfer Protocol"
SMTP is an application layer protocol. A set of rules that the Internet uses for exchanging e-mail messages. Mail servers and other message transfer agents use SMTP to send and receive mail messages
Softaculous
A scripting library that automates the installation of commercial and open source web applications to a website. Scripts are installed and executed from the administration area of a website control panel, typically via an interface tool such as cPanel. Having 400+ scripts such as WordPress, AbanteCart, PrestaShop, Joomla, Mambo, Drupal, phpBB, Open Real Estate and many more
Spiders
Sometimes called a spider, crawler or spiderbot and often shortened to bot, is an Internet program that browses the World Wide Web. The main purpose of Web indexing or web spidering is to collect websites and content into a data base for later searching
SQL
"Structured Query Language"
A standardized query language used for querying databases with client server applications
Squatter
Or "Domain Squatter". This someone who registers domain names in hopes to sell them to interested parties
Streaming
The ability to feed data such as videos and music to a browser which permits real-time viewing and or listening as the content is downloading fom the Internet
Search Engine
Search engines are specialized Web sites that constantly collect, index and categorize information about other Websites so you can search for information all at one site. The Most Popular Search Engines are Google, Bing,
Duck Duck Go, Yahoo Search, Yippy,
Google Scholar, Ask.com, StartPage,
Wolfram Alpha, Yandex, Dogpile Search
Server
A commercial type computer that stores information and provides access to that information across a network. Typical Server types are web servers, database servers, mail servers, file servers, print servers, application servers and gaming servers
Spam
Spam is the name for unsolicited email that has been sent out to multiple email address. Spam emails often include messages about products and services for sale and are often related to scams
SSID
“Service Set Identifier” Is often called network name, service set identifier, wireless network name, WiFi name. A type of identifier that uniquely identifies a Wireless local area network "WLAN". Service set identifiers differentiate wireless LANs by assigning each a unique, 32-bit alphanumeric character identifier
SSL
"Secure Sockets Layer" is a technology that encrypts the data being transmitted from one source to another. SSL can be used to secure web pages and email clients. See What is SSL
T
T-1
A data communication line capable of transmitting at speeds of 1.54 Mbps. This is a United Sates and Japanese standard for "High Speed" data transmissions
T-3
Also referred to as a "DS3"
A United Sates and Japanese standard data communication line capable of transmitting at speeds of 45 Mbps. A T-3 provides the equivalent bandwidth of 28 T-1 circuits
Targeted
Advertising that is geared toward a person or group of people who would most likely buy a particular good or service. This can refer to all forms of marketing that is designed to reach a specific group of customers
Thumbnail
A smaller copy of a larger image. When many images are to be shown thumbnails permit the user to see multiple images instead of waiting to downloads and show large images
Thread
A series of timestamped posts or comments that results from a discussion in an online forum
U
UCE
Short for Unsolicited Commercial Email, this is another term for Spam
Unique Visitor
Term to describe an individual visit to a website by each person or "bot"
Upload
To transfer, transmit, sync, send. Uploading a file is to transfer it from one device or computer to a different computer or server
URL
"Uniform Resource Location" Is the address of a Website or Webpage. It is a unique identifier that identifies the type of file "WWW" you are requesting. Example is the address that appears in the address bar of your Browser. See What is a URL
USP
Abbreviation for Unique Selling Proposition. This term refers to ways a company can offer unusual or unique benefits to customers, and then using that information to gain new clients
V
Vaporware
Products and or Services that are just hype and promised far in advance of any realistic possibility. Example: “Soon you will be able to browse the Internet wirelessly at the speed of light”
Verification
Also referred to as password verification, account verification, captcha, authentication, password confirmation. Verification is the process of confirming the accuracy or validity of information such as a password
Viral Marketing
Form of marketing that infiltrates many different avenues as possible and can be in the form of videos, cell phone transmissions, or posted on various websites in order to get more exposure
Virus
"Malware" "Spyware" "Computer Virus". A computer virus is a malicious program that can create, move, or erase files on your computer, with the goal of violating your privacy or stopping your computer from functioning. They can also replicate them selves on a infected machine with intent to infect other machines. The most common way to be infected by a virus is to open an email with an attachment that contains a virus and clicking on the link. If you never click on the link you cannot be infected
Virtual Server
Or "VDS - Virtual Dedicated Server" "VPS - Virtual Private Server". A Web Server that utilizes "Virtualization" software to partition physical servers into multiple "virtual" servers. Each of the partitions will have the ability to run its own operating system and applications with its own unique IP address. Virtual Servers are not for everyone, but is quickly becoming the hosting preference of choice for advanced Web developers who require root access to the Server to run their own software. And for those who want more power, privacy and security for their website over standard hosting
VPN
"Virtual Private Network" An encrypted connection over the Internet from a device to a network. The connection helps ensure that sensitive data is encrypted so the entire network is "Virtually Private"
W
W3C
"World Wide Web Consortium" A international community that is committed to developing public protocols and open standards to ensure the long-term growth of the World Wide Web
Wav
Pronounced “wave”, an audio file used extensively on the Internet and in computer software programs i.e. filename.wav
Web Site
A Web site is a collection of related Web pages maintained by a person or organization. Web pages displayed on your device may contain formatted text, in-line images, sound files, video clips, animated images and small programs. They may also contain forms which allow you to send information or order products and services
Web Server
Computers connected to the Internet that stores and then "Serves" websites, web pages and or applications. A web server processes incoming network requests over HTTP and uses several other protocols. The primary function of a Web Server is to store, process and deliver web pages and information
Whois
An Internet program which allows users to query a database of people and other Internet entities, such as Domains, networks and hosts
WiFi
WiFi is a technology of wireless networking that makes it possible for devices to connect to the Internet wirelessly
Wiki
A Website content manager that can create, manage and maintain websites all from within a web browser. The word "wiki" comes from a Hawaiian word meaning "quick."
Wordpress
An online, open source website creation tool written in PHP. One of the simplest, most popular way to create your own website or blog, It is said that over 30% of all websites are created with WordPress
World Wide Web
"WWW" Or simple "The Web" is one of the most popular ways of using the Internet because it allows you to view formatted documents, files images and hyperlinks to take you to other web pages or websites. Browser software is required to "surf the Net" for Web page information
Worm
A virus that does not itself infect computers. It will make copies of itself and then infect other computers with the use of network connections
WYSIWYG
An acronym for "What You See is What You Get" Pronounced “whizzy-wig”
X
XML
"eXtensible Markup Language" like HTML or metalanguage is an outgrowth of SGML that permits developers to control and display data in the same way they control text and graphics today. XML is not a replacement for HTML But designed to be both human and machine readable
XUL
"eXtensible User-interface Language" A markup language similar to HTML but based on XML. XUL is used to show what buttons, scrollbars, text boxes, and other user-interface items will look like. But is not used to define how items will look such as colors. Example of XUL is the Firefox Browser. The entire user interface was defined using the XUL language
Y
Yahoo
One of the Internet's leading search engines. It is also the largest Web portal, providing links to thousands of other websites. Some of the other services Yahoo offers are: Yahoo News, Yahoo Finance,
Yahoo Shopping, Yahoo Groups, Yahoo Travel, Yahoo Mail
YouTube
YouTubeA online video-sharing platform website owned by Google
Z
Zip
A method of compressing files used often on the Internet to speed downloading. A zipped file will have a name that looks like “filename.zip” or "filename.rar. The most popular compression program is WinZip for Windows and MacAnd for RAR files is
WinRAR
Zone File
Zone files are plain text files stored on a Name Server and contains a list of DNS records with mappings between Domain Names and IP addresses. The reverse lookup of an IP to other Domains. They may also contain DNS and mail server information
Comments, questions or leave a reply
Contact Us
Connect with Us
Acceptable Use PolicyTerms of ServiceCompanyHomeAbout UsBlogsGuaranteePrivacy PolicyCustomer ReviewsSite Map
ServicesDomain HostingSSL CertificatesSEO TuneupDomain NamesWeb MailcPanel Log InContact Us
Contact Us Message SentError
1997 -
|
RSH Web Services
|
All Rights Reserved×cPanelWebmail