http://rshweb.com/privacy
RSH Web ServicesAlways Respects Your PrivacyWhen you use our Services you are trusting us with your informationWe take this responsibility seriously
Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to you, our customer. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for RSH Web Services
We do not give third parties access to your personal information other than as outlined in this privacy policy
We only would send emails to you only if you have elected to receive it
If we determine that any account with us is being used for the purpose of sending Spam, we will take action to shut it down as soon as possible
Because domain name registration information is available to the public, anyone can access it through "Whois" searches. At times our customers may have been included within these searches. However, the spam they received does not in any way come from RSH Web Services. We will never give any information about you to others without your express permission. Our site uses forms in which you give us contact information (such as your name, address, phone number, fax number, billing information and email address), so you can create an account, place orders, request information etc. We use your customer information only when it is important for us to contact you regarding functionality changes to our products, our website, new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable, and to provide customer service
We use information gathered about you from our site statistics via log files provided by third-party tracking partners (for example, your IP address) to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. We also gather broad demographic information from this data to help us improve our site and to make your browsing and purchasing experiences more enjoyable. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information
Our site also contains links to other third-party websites. RSH Web Services is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit. Our site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use 128-bit SSL security to encrypt any transmissions when you provide credit card information, personal data, etc. No method of electronic storage or transmission over the Internet is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, contact us
Sending Emails
We use emails to communicate with you, to confirm your placed orders, and to send information that you have requested. We also provide email links, at the bottom of most pages, to allow you to contact us directly. We strive to promptly reply to your messages. The information you send to us may be stored and used to improve our site and our products, or it may be reviewed and discarded
As stated previously in this policy, we will never give out your information without your permission or in ways other than as outlined in this policy. The only exceptions to this are: When we are required by law, in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, or when we must comply with a legal process served on our website
If RSH Web Services is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or use of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
Changes In Our Practices
If we change our information-handling practices or other privacy aspects, we will post those changes on this privacy statement at least 7 days prior to their implementation. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please review our privacy policies from time to time to know about the changes. We may also try to notify you through email of the privacy changes if necessary
Service Providers
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. If you would like to know more about the privacy policies of our credit card processing company, you may email us
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change by emailing our Customer Support team
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on our website which may contain personally identifiable information. We obtain the customer's consent to post their name along with their testimonial via email, prior to posting the testimonial. If you would like to request the removal or addition of your testimonial from the site, contact us
Feel free to contact us at any time with any questions you might have
Thank You
RSH Web Services Money Back Guarantee
45 Day Unconditional Guarantee  On all Hosting Packages  No questions asked
Connect with Us
Acceptable Use PolicyTerms of ServiceCompanyHomeAbout UsBlogsGuaranteePrivacy PolicyCustomer ReviewsSite Map
ServicesE-commerce HostingSSL CertificatesSEO TuneupDomain NamesWeb MailcPanel Log InContact Us
Contact Us Message SentError
1997 -
|
RSH Web Services
|
All Rights Reserved×cPanelWebmail