https://scottberkun.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
scottberkun.com will never sell or distribute any personal or contact information you provide. If you join the mailing list you will only receive new essays, and occasional notifications of speaking events and other related things of interest Scott is up to.
Any comments posted have all rights reserved by this site. Including the right to edit out your typos, clean up your links, and even to edit, or delete entire comments that are inflammatory or moronic and do not amuse the overlords of this website.
Your email address will never be given to anyone else, not even extremely attractive and scantily clad people with lots of money falling out of their pockets that ask nicely for it. My dog Griz will never send you dog related emails, nor will he tell you about the great mortgage deals, diet plans, dog treats and body part enhancements hes crafted just for you. Leaving your email makes it possible for Scott to respond privately for side conversations, gifting of magic spells and granting secret powers.
If you participate in any email based discussion groups hosted here, the same policy applies. However since any member of a given list can post to said list, we cannot guarantee that other people wont on occasion send out stupid things, or act in annoying or unpredictable ways. If they persist in these activities, they will be warned in a dramatic and highly entertaining fashion, and then taken outside the alias and severely roughed up.
If you have any questions about this policy, Contact Scott.
4 Responses to Privacy and comments policy
Just found your website, Scott.
Fantastic ideas for a beginning writer!!
Thank you,
Happy 2014
Linda
Reply
Pingbacks
[] a reminder on the comments policy in hopes this stays interesting and []
Reply
[] can read my privacy policy + every email has an unsubscribe link that actually works. Mailing list service provided by the []
Reply
[] Your email is never published nor shared (comments policy). []
Reply
Leave a Reply
Name*
Email*
Website
Comment*
* Required
Click here to cancel reply.
Scott Berkun is the author of eight popular books on creativity, leadership, philosophy and speaking. You can hire him to speak, ask him a question or follow him on Twitter and Facebook.
New Book: How Design Makes The World The book that teaches good design to everyone. Available now where books are sold.
Subscribe for regular updates, insights and stories
This is the best way to follow Berkun's latest work. And you get free chapters from all of his books. Join over 19,000 fellow subscribers.
Newsletter Signup
Privacy policy enforced by my Rotweiller.
Welcome if youre new here Welcome to the best blog youve ever seen at this URL: here are 7 reasons youll want to come back. Instant delight awaits in trying one of Berkuns best posts of all space and time.
Read Berkun by popular topics:
Creativity
Philosophy
Ask Berkun
Innovation
Public Speaking
Writing
Design
Management
Culture
Challenge Berkun Now Dare Berkun to answer a question on any topic, and vote on which one he answers this week. Challenge and Vote>
Scott's Awesome Books
How Design Makes The World
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
Nobodys better at explaining how the world really works than Scott Berkun.  Jeffrey Zeldman, co-founder of A List Apart
The Dance of the Possible
Buy on Amazon.com
5 Stars
"You'll find a lot to steal from this short, inspiring guide to being creative. Made me want to get up and make stuff!" - Austin Kleon, author of How To Steal Like An Artist
The Ghost of My Father
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
Thought-provoking read, and highly recommended  Thomas Duff
The Year Without Pants: WordPress.com & the Future of Work
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
If you want to think differently about entrepreneurship, management, or life in general, read this book.  Tim Ferriss
Mindfire: Big Ideas for Curious Minds
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
The ideas contained in the essays are persuasive and its a fun, well focused read.   Simon Moore
Confessions of a Public Speaker
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
Berkun tells it like it is youll gain insights to take your skills to the next level.  Tony Hsieh, CEO Zappos.com
The Myths of Innovation
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
Berkun sets us free to try and change the world.  Guy Kawasaki
Making Things Happen: Mastering Project Management
Buy on Amazon.com
4_5 Stars
Highly recommended for CEOs, project managers, and hackers alike.  Matt Mullenweg, Founder WordPress.org
Latest Videos
View More Videos>