https://searchwindowsserver.techtarget.com/tip/Shore-up-defenses-with-help-from-Office-365-logs
Shore up defenses with help from Office 365 logs
SearchWindowsServer
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
Learn PowerShell
SearchWindowsServer
Topic
Messaging and collaboration
Career development
Cloud and virtualization
Server management
Windows Server versions
Storage management
Windows systems and networks
All Topics
SubTopic
Manage Office 365 and Microsoft SaaS
Exchange Online admin
Exchange Server management
Legacy Exchange Server
Manage Office 365 and Microsoft SaaS
Outlook management
Manage SharePoint
All Subtopics
Follow:
Fotolia
Get started
Bring yourself up to speed with our introductory content.
Shore up defenses with help from Office 365 logs
Logging on Microsoft's productivity platform used in conjunction with other tools can form an effective shield from malicious actors looking to find a way into your organization.
Share this item with your network:
By
Reda Chouffani,
Biz Technology Solutions
Published: 20 Aug 2020
The COVID-19 pandemic and uptick of employees working from home resulted in bad actors doubling down on their efforts to target these users.
Remote users working on purportedly less secure personal computers and networks make attractive targets. This is especially concerning to companies that host some of their workloads in the cloud, such as Office 365, where IT may not have full control or visibility on activities against the systems. To help IT in this area, Microsoft offers security components and continuously enhances these technologies to give administrators the tools and capabilities to self-manage and monitor their Office 365 tenant. What can administrators do to add Office 365 logs to their existing security information and event management (SIEM) setup? And what should be the top priority to monitor?
SIEM is the go-to software for IT administrators to capture event and log information from multiple sources, including network devices, servers and workstations. SIEM centralizes different logs and events to give IT a comprehensive overview of the activity in their environment, which can help with threat detection. For companies that rely on a SaaS model for some of their systems, such as Office 365, having visibility over all the events and activities from the different components can be overwhelming. Microsoft addresses this need by giving administrators the option to use a SIEM product to connect to Office 365 logs via APIs for further analysis. Using SIEM without a strategy to respond to security incidents can be risky business, and this is pushing organizations to take steps to prepare for whatever situation comes their way.
Understand what Microsoft tracks and how you access that data
Office 365 is a collection of more than 20 cloud-based services, including SharePoint Online, Exchange Online, Microsoft Teams and OneDrive. With all these different services, IT must know how to investigate any reported issues and view events captured from each. The unified audit log is located in the Security section of Office 365's admin portal, which is also available directly at the URL protection.office.com/unifiedauditlog.
Recorded events for most of the platform's services, including Exchange Online and Microsoft Teams, can take up to 30 minutes before they show up in the Office 365 logs, while, for others, such as Azure Active Directory, Dynamics 365 CRM and Power Apps, it can take up to 24 hours to record an event. Administrators can choose from more than 100 activities, such as elevation of privilege or failed logins, in the search options with a date range of up to 90 days.
Always consider a SIEM tool for help with security events
Despite the availability of an easy-to-use webpage to search Office 365 logs, IT administrators should consider adopting SIEM software for added features such as the ability to store event data and audit logs in one place to access a comprehensive view of monitoring and operations data.
SIEM tools can help investigate any security event and provide a quick response to any alerts from monitoring identity, network traffic, infrastructure and general usage or consumption of services. SIEM tools assist with matching up any irregular activity in your infrastructure and Office 365 to detect any patterns.
There are several popular products to choose from when it comes to SIEM platforms, including Splunk, LogRhythm, FireEye, SolarWinds and Rapid7.
What Microsoft Azure Sentinel offers vs. other SIEM tools
Several years ago, Microsoft introduced a SIEM platform called Microsoft Operations Management Suite (OMS), which it recently replaced with Azure Sentinel. This new offering is an affordable option that is hosted in the Azure cloud and can be set up within minutes by IT. Azure Sentinel offers several connectors to ingest data logs from services, including Office 365, Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection and AWS, and also supports connectivity to appliances, such as Barracuda Web Application Firewall, F5 BIG-IP and Forcepoint Data Loss Prevention.
Some features of Azure Sentinel include its artificial intelligence capabilities to detect abnormal activities from all the data captured in the system, which helps keep administrators from having to analyze each event. Azure Sentinel supports customizable automated responses or actions to specific events. Using the Azure Logic Apps, a commonly used workflow engine in Azure, administrators can develop different workflows for specific actions such as resetting a password after too many failed login attempts or creating a service ticket when a high-severity alert happens, as shown in screenshot below. As an added perk, Microsoft does not charge for ingestion of Office 365 logs.
Administrators can design a Logic Apps playbook to execute automatically in response to certain alerts. In this example, an alert triggered a condition to add a help desk ticket automatically.
During a time when many of their users are remote, IT workers should actively monitor the Office 365 environment and closely scrutinize security events. The use of Officer 365 logs and other alerts on the platform alone are not enough, but by integrating the platform with a SIEM tool or adopting a new platform, such as Azure Sentinel, will help streamline the monitoring process. Uncovering suspicious activities can reveal bad actors targeting their end users and systems can be detected and dealt with. But security goes beyond just the set of deployed tools, IT managers also need a response plan in place for different incidents. These must be living documents that are updated frequently, like the software used by the organization.
Dig Deeper on Office 365 and Microsoft SaaS setup and management
Microsoft unveils new DLP, 'Double Key Encryption' offerings
By: Alexander Culafi
Follow 3 key steps to improve multi-cloud monitoring
By: Dave Shackleford
Learn to configure Office 365 alerts and other security features
By: Reda Chouffani
Top 6 cloud security analytics use cases
By: Dave Shackleford
Sponsored News
The Business Case for Embracing a Modern Endpoint Management Platform
–Microsoft
Why the Citrix-Microsoft Relationship Will Enhance Digital Workspace Solutions ...
–Citrix
With The Workplace Changing Quickly, It’s Time to Rethink Endpoint Security
–Microsoft
See More
Related Content
Azure Sentinel adds AI-driven SIEM for cloud security
– SearchCloudComputing
Azure Anomaly Detector service spots business data ...
– SearchCloudComputing
AWS security options grow with Amazon Detective
– SearchCloudComputing
Start the conversation
0 comments
Send me notifications when other members comment.
Add My Comment
Register
I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.
Please check the box if you want to proceed.
I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.
Please check the box if you want to proceed.
Login
Forgot your password?
Forgot your password?
No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password.
Submit
Your password has been sent to:
Please create a username to comment.
Oldest
Newest
Latest TechTarget resources
Server Virtualization
Cloud Computing
SQL Server
Enterprise Desktop
Virtual Desktop
SearchServerVirtualization
QEMU 5.0 continues a legacy of emulation
Admins looking for an alternative tool for emulating hardware should consider QEMU, which supports x86, PowerPC, ARM and SPARC ...
VMworld 2020 news and conference coverage
This year's VMworld conference runs virtually from Sep. 29 to Oct. 1. Read the latest news and announcements about and from the ...
Compare VMware HA vs. DRS to prevent host failure
VMware HA and DRS are vSphere tools that provide high performance and continuous operability. Understanding the different use ...
SearchCloudComputing
Put an IT succession plan in place for your cloud team
IT is a small world. Before you leave your current company and role, make sure your successor has the right training, support and...
How to approach a GCP-to-AWS migration
Before you move your GCP workloads to AWS, you need a clear cloud migration plan in place and a framework to understand the ...
Test your knowledge of microservices architectures
Review microservices basics. Take this short quiz on microservices to find out how much you really know about this approach to ...
SearchSQLServer
SQL Server database design best practices and tips for DBAs
Good database design is a must to meet processing needs in SQL Server systems. In a webinar, consultant Koen Verbeeck offered ...
SQL Server in Azure database choices and what they offer users
SQL Server databases can be moved to the Azure cloud in several different ways. Here's what you'll get from each of the options ...
Using a LEFT OUTER JOIN vs. RIGHT OUTER JOIN in SQL
In this book excerpt, you'll learn LEFT OUTER JOIN vs. RIGHT OUTER JOIN techniques and find various examples for creating SQL ...
SearchEnterpriseDesktop
Lenovo launching the first foldable PC, the ThinkPad X1 Fold
Lenovo touted the ThinkPad X1 Fold as a unified experience for workers who use laptops and tablets. The company has started ...
Jamf Pro Intune integration targets compliance, zero trust
Find out how the new Jamf Pro integration with Microsoft Intune's conditional access can simplify the back-end management of user...
Microsoft updating look, features in Outlook for macOS
An improved search function, additional customization options and a newly revised aesthetic are among the Outlook for macOS ...
SearchVirtualDesktop
8 key VDI deployment best practices
When IT plans for its VDI deployment, it must factor in best practices for the setup process, such as considering client options ...
How to calculate VDI costs and keep them to a minimum
When the true cost of VDI is hazy, it's a good idea to make a comprehensive calculation. Determine how to factor in costs related...
VMware bolsters Workspace One security with Secure Access
With the new Secure Access, VMware says remote workers will have a better and more secure way to use their Workspace One virtual ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
Reprints
Answers
Definitions
E-Products
Events
Features
Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Quizzes
Tips
Tutorials
Videos
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2000 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close