https://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/resources/Data-privacy-issues-and-compliance
Data privacy issues and compliance news, help and research - SearchSecurity
SearchSecurity
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tech Accelerators
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
Schools
SearchSecurity
Topic
Security compliance
Data security
Identity and access management
Network security
Security training and jobs
Infosec programs
Risk management strategies
Information security threats
Network threat detection
Platform security
Software security
Web security tools
Wireless and mobile security
All Topics
SubTopic
Data privacy
Data privacy
HIPAA
IT security audits
PCI DSS
All Subtopics
Follow:
Data privacy issues and compliance
Get information and advice on data privacy issues, including compliance, laws and policies from across the globe and how they can affect your enterprise. Learn best practices on how to avoid a data privacy incident and how to address potential breaches.
New & Notable
Surge in ransomware attacks threatens student data
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Download this free guide
Download: Your Complete Guide to IAM Utilize this 66-page IAM guide to help you stay on top of the latest best practices and techniques. Security expert Michael Cobb explores the risks and rewards of biometrics measures and multifactor authentication, how organizations can assess if it is time to modernize IAM strategies, and much more.Start Download
Corporate E-mail Address:You forgot to provide an Email Address.This email address doesn’t appear to be valid.This email address is already registered. Please login.You have exceeded the maximum character limit.Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address.I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.Please check the box if you want to proceed.I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.Please check the box if you want to proceed.
By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent.
Sections
Vendor Resources
Choosing the Best Mobility Management Solution
–White Paper
Credential Harvesting: Virtually Hijacking Your Employee’s Credentials
–Resource
Compromise Assessment Anwendungsfälle
–White Paper
Data privacy issues and compliance News
October 05, 2020
05
Oct'20
Surge in ransomware attacks threatens student data
Ransomware attacks are not the only threats facing K-12 schools during the COVID-19 pandemic. Cybercriminals are stealing and exposing students' personal data as well.
June 26, 2020
26
Jun'20
COVID-19 tech will fail without employee privacy
Businesses can choose from a growing number of mobile apps and Wi-Fi software to protect workers from COVID-19. But tech won't succeed without top-of-the-line privacy protection.
April 09, 2020
09
Apr'20
Risk & Repeat: Are Zoom security fears overblown?
This week's Risk & Repeat podcast looks at the backlash against Zoom over security and privacy concerns and asks whether there's been an overreaction.
April 02, 2020
02
Apr'20
Risk & Repeat: Zoom security comes under fire
This week's Risk & Repeat podcast looks at several security issues Zoom faced over the last week, which led to questions about the company's privacy and security practices.
Data privacy issues and compliance Get Started
Bring yourself up to speed with our introductory content
What are the top secure data transmission methods?
Safe information transfer is a must for modern organizations, but not all secure data transmission methods are equal. Explore your secure data transfer options in this tip. Continue Reading
Format-preserving encryption use cases, benefits, alternative
With format-preserving encryption, a ciphertext's format is the same as its plaintext's. Read up on the benefits of this cryptography method, NIST FPE methods, vendors and more. Continue Reading
The 5 CMMC levels and how to achieve compliance
While the CMMC certification process is still in development, IT leaders should get familiar with the five CMMC levels and learn how to comply with the security maturity model. Continue Reading
Evaluate Data privacy issues and compliance Vendors & Products
Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering.
CCPA compliance still unclear long past deadline
Despite the July 1 CCPA compliance deadline having long past, many executives are still unclear how the law applies to their business. Privacy experts weigh in on the latest enforcements. Continue Reading
Oversee apps with these 3 application security testing tools
Unsecured applications can have dire consequences for enterprises. Discover how top app security testing tools on the market today protect apps and enhance developer productivity. Continue Reading
Privacy-preserving machine learning assuages infosec fears
Implementing privacy-preserving machine learning controls, such as federated learning and homomorphic encryption, can address top cloud security and privacy concerns. Learn how. Continue Reading
Manage Data privacy issues and compliance
Learn to apply best practices and optimize your operations.
8 video conferencing security and privacy best practices
Video conferencing tools are a remote worker's lifeline. As such, it is essential to maintain their security. These eight best practices will help ensure secure, private video-enabled meetings. Continue Reading
3 steps to ensure data sovereignty in cloud computing
Data sovereignty regulations combined with a tsunami of data growth and increased cloud usage have created a perfect storm for enterprises. Follow these steps to ensure compliance. Continue Reading
How IAM systems support compliance
IAM is a key component of any security strategy, but its role in regulatory compliance is just as crucial. Read up on features and processes to make IAM work for your enterprise. Continue Reading
Problem Solve Data privacy issues and compliance Issues
We’ve gathered up expert advice and tips from professionals like you so that the answers you need are always available.
search for answers
Who wins the security vs. privacy debate in the age of AI?
When trying to maintain balance between security and privacy in an AI-enabled world, who decides which side should tip and when? So continues the security vs. privacy debate. Continue Reading
HIPAA compliance checklist: The key to staying compliant in 2020
Putting together a HIPAA compliance program can be fraught with difficulty. Review best practices and a HIPAA compliance checklist to avoid common pitfalls and pass an audit. Continue Reading
In comparing GDPR and CCPA, lessons in compliance emerge
In anticipation of the CCPA Jan. 1, 2020, implementation date, business leaders should understand the parallels between GDPR and CCPA to learn from the EU's GDPR rollout period. Continue Reading
Related Definitions
Automated Clearing House (ACH)
checksum
cypherpunk
FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974)
Information Awareness Office (IAO)
information signature
journaling file system
Kermit
MD2
MD4
MICR (magnetic ink character recognition)
P3P (Platform for Privacy Preferences)
PAN truncation (primary account number)
personally identifiable information (PII)
Secure Electronic Transaction (SET)
snooping
Total Information Awareness (TIA)
+ Show More
Automated Clearing House (ACH)
Automated Clearing House (ACH) is a secure payment transfer system that connects all U.S. financial institutions.
See complete definition
checksum
A checksum is a value that represents the number of bits in a transmission message and is used by IT professionals to detect ...
See complete definition
cypherpunk
Cypherpunk, a term that appeared in Eric Hughes' "A Cypherpunk's Manifesto" in 1993, combines the ideas of cyberpunk, the spirit ...
See complete definition
Latest TechTarget resources
Cloud Security
Networking
CIO
Enterprise Desktop
Cloud Computing
Computer Weekly
SearchCloudSecurity
CASB, CSPM, CWPP emerge as future of cloud security
Complexity has introduced new needs and challenges when securing cloud environments. Find out how CASB, CSPM and CWPP tools have ...
Prevent cloud account hijacking with 3 key strategies
The ability to identify the various methods of cloud account hijacking is key to prevention. Explore three ways to limit ...
Security for SaaS applications starts with collaboration
Following established best practices helps enterprises facilitate collaboration and communication through SaaS applications while...
SearchNetworking
Cisco ordered to pay $1.9B in Centripetal security patent suit
U.S. District Judge Henry Coke Morgan Jr. ruled that Cisco's infringement of Centripetal Network's patents was 'willful and ...
Cisco to acquire container security specialist Portshift
Cisco's acquisition of Israeli startup Portshift would add essential security tools for companies that use the Kubernetes system ...
VMware updates vRealize Network Insight, NSX-T
Launched at VMworld 2020, the latest version of vRealize Network Insight has verification technology that lets managers see the ...
SearchCIO
Top use cases and benefits of edge computing
Research shows that the move toward edge computing will only increase over the next few years. Here, we've identified its ...
During digital transformation, CIOs are the secret weapon
Organizations need to look toward CIOs again as they move forward with digital transformation. CIOs can help navigate the ...
10 top edge computing companies to watch
With the amount of data organizations are generating today, IT leaders should consider edge computing technologies to keep all ...
SearchEnterpriseDesktop
Lenovo launching the first foldable PC, the ThinkPad X1 Fold
Lenovo touted the ThinkPad X1 Fold as a unified experience for workers who use laptops and tablets. The company has started ...
Jamf Pro Intune integration targets compliance, zero trust
Find out how the new Jamf Pro integration with Microsoft Intune's conditional access can simplify the back-end management of user...
Microsoft updating look, features in Outlook for macOS
An improved search function, additional customization options and a newly revised aesthetic are among the Outlook for macOS ...
SearchCloudComputing
Put an IT succession plan in place for your cloud team
IT is a small world. Before you leave your current company and role, make sure your successor has the right training, support and...
How to approach a GCP-to-AWS migration
Before you move your GCP workloads to AWS, you need a clear cloud migration plan in place and a framework to understand the ...
Test your knowledge of microservices architectures
Review microservices basics. Take this short quiz on microservices to find out how much you really know about this approach to ...
ComputerWeekly.com
IBM preps for 2021 business split as enterprise hybrid cloud push gathers pace
IBM is set to split in two to form two publicly traded entities, with one focusing on the delivery of hybrid cloud services to ...
Quarter of remote workers fail to engage with tech teams
Research reveals a burgeoning IT-employee divide among the growing ranks of remote workers, but the root causes have yet to be ...
The UK switches on to mobile contact tracing
Long overdue and attracting descriptions ranging from ‘essential’ to ‘cherry on the cake’, the UK’s contact-tracing app is now ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Videos
Photo Stories
Definitions
Guides
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
CPE and CISSP Training
Reprints
Events
E-Products
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2000 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close