https://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/post/How-security-champions-can-help-despite-working-remotely
How security champions can help, despite working remotely
SearchSecurity
Search the TechTarget Network
Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access.
Login
Register
Techtarget Network
News
Features
Tips
More Content
Answers
Buyer's Guides
Definitions
Essential Guides
Opinions
Photo Stories
Podcasts
Quizzes
Tech Accelerators
Tutorials
Sponsored Communities
Schools
SearchSecurity
Topic
Infosec programs
Data security
Identity and access management
Network security
Security training and jobs
Risk management strategies
Information security threats
Network threat detection
Platform security
Security compliance
Software security
Web security tools
Wireless and mobile security
All Topics
SubTopic
All Subtopics
Government security
Incident response
Security laws and ethics
Security policies
Security automation
Security industry trends
Security mergers and acquisitions
All Subtopics
Follow:
Rawpixel - Fotolia
Evaluate
Weigh the pros and cons of technologies, products and projects you are considering.
How security champions can help, despite working remotely
By effectively using collaboration tools, security champions can still spread a company's security message even as most offices stay closed and employees work remotely.
Share this item with your network:
By  Dan CornellGuest Contributor
Published: 13 Aug 2020
A security champions program is critical to maintaining an organization's security culture, but during the COVID-19 shutdown, teams could find themselves working with one hand tied virtually behind their backs. Telework arrangements, online meetings, collaboration software and extensive smartphone use can keep an organization running, but they can't recreate the casual interactions that are an underrated element of getting work done -- and an important part of how security champions carry their message.
"Security champion," after all, isn't necessarily a designated job title. They are often volunteers who help spread the word about an organization's security message while staying alert to potential issues as they crop up. They don't have to solely be security pros, either. In fact, the nature of their mission requires that they have other areas of expertise, but they have an interest in security and in ensuring that the organization's software and applications provide necessary controls and protections. In many organizations, a lot of their interactions are informal. These kinds of interactions give security champions the opportunity to bring up an issue, ask about how something similar has been dealt with in the past or pass along ideas on what to do next.
When interactions are moved exclusively online, a lot of that can get lost. You don't schedule a Zoom meeting or go on Slack to ask about weekend activities, how someone's kids are doing or where to find a reliable plumber. But, the casual camaraderie of such exchanges gives security champions the opportunity to raise a subject that colleagues might not be concerned with at the time. Those conversations help keep security concerns front and center in an organization.
Informal communication often lost by WFH
How has the pandemic changed these exchanges? It's hard to measure the impact several months of shutdowns have had on the work security champions do. The progression of such programs isn't linear, moving along some chartable line of success or failure rates, so it's not something anyone has reliable data on, at least not yet. But the changes have had some obvious impacts. At Denim Group, for instance, we've noticed that the traditional communications channels have deepened -- developers and security pros who were already using, say, Slack, have made greater use of those channels. But the informal channels of communication have, in some cases, been forgotten.
And that's where security champions can step up their game with a focused effort to put collaboration tools to use. The pandemic shutdown led to employees communicating via Zoom, Slack or other tools that they were familiar with, but may not have actively used. Groups within an organization, such as the management team or developer team, are mining those channels within their own fields, but there's an opportunity for security teams -- and security champions -- to use those channels as well. With regard to software, developers are the center of gravity, so security people should follow them to their meeting places. It's a practice that has been recommended for as long as collaboration tools have existed. If you want to talk with developers, use the tools they're using. The shutdown has opened the door to making more use of them.
Collaboration tools can also be employed to keep up the kinds of casual office interactions that have been missing, which can help when an issue arises. In the office, it's fairly easy to approach someone you say hello to each day, even if you don't typically discuss work matters. In the remote environments, however, you may not have encountered them at all for three months. Using communications tools to keep contact with them fairly regularly could make raising a security topic easier.
Online impact of security champions
The goal of security champion programs has been to push security knowledge and awareness out to developers and others in an organization, and to make it local, with a comparatively informal approach -- as opposed to inflexible, company-wide programs -- that can match the cultural and practical needs of developer groups within an organization. That approach may be more important now than ever with people working remotely and limiting themselves to their own respective bubbles.
Traditional, formal approaches to security awareness can be somewhat stilted. They are even less effective in a world where workers are scattered and forced to rely on online tools. Making use of those tools to bring the security message to them in the online places where they congregate can have a great impact.
About the authorA globally recognized application security expert, Dan Cornell holds over 20 years of experience architecting, developing and securing web-based software systems. As Chief Technology Officer and Principal at Denim Group, Ltd., he leads the technology team to help Fortune 500 companies and government organizations integrate security throughout the development process. Cornell is an active member of the development community and a sought-after speaker on topics of web application security, speaking at international conferences including TEDx, RSA Security Conference, OWASP AppSec USA, and EU and Black Hat Arsenal.
Dig Deeper on Information security program management
Acronis remote backup makes clutch play for Boston Red Sox
By: Paul Crocetti
The 5 essential elements of an RPA strategy
By: Mary Pratt
Casual collaboration comms pose security risk, survey shows
By: Warwick Ashford
Government shutdown raises end-user security risks
By: Alyssa Provazza
Sponsored News
End-User Service Delivery: Why IT Must Move Up the Stack to Deliver Real Value
–Citrix
Companies Will Be Upping Their Remote-Work Game Post-Pandemic
–Citrix
The Next-Generation Workspace: Removing Barriers and Frustration
–Citrix
See More
Related Content
Shutdown of federal security services puts private ...
– SearchSecurity
Build a data center shutdown procedure to prepare for...
– SearchDataCenter
Mature DevSecOps orgs refine developer security ...
– SearchSoftwareQuality
Start the conversation
0 comments
Send me notifications when other members comment.
Add My Comment
Register
I agree to TechTarget’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the transfer of my information to the United States for processing to provide me with relevant information as described in our Privacy Policy.
Please check the box if you want to proceed.
I agree to my information being processed by TechTarget and its Partners to contact me via phone, email, or other means regarding information relevant to my professional interests. I may unsubscribe at any time.
Please check the box if you want to proceed.
Login
Forgot your password?
Forgot your password?
No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password.
Submit
Your password has been sent to:
Please create a username to comment.
Oldest
Newest
Latest TechTarget resources
Cloud Security
Networking
CIO
Enterprise Desktop
Cloud Computing
Computer Weekly
SearchCloudSecurity
CASB, CSPM, CWPP emerge as future of cloud security
Complexity has introduced new needs and challenges when securing cloud environments. Find out how CASB, CSPM and CWPP tools have ...
Prevent cloud account hijacking with 3 key strategies
The ability to identify the various methods of cloud account hijacking is key to prevention. Explore three ways to limit ...
Security for SaaS applications starts with collaboration
Following established best practices helps enterprises facilitate collaboration and communication through SaaS applications while...
SearchNetworking
Cisco ordered to pay $1.9B in Centripetal security patent suit
U.S. District Judge Henry Coke Morgan Jr. ruled that Cisco's infringement of Centripetal Network's patents was 'willful and ...
Cisco to acquire container security specialist Portshift
Cisco's acquisition of Israeli startup Portshift would add essential security tools for companies that use the Kubernetes system ...
VMware updates vRealize Network Insight, NSX-T
Launched at VMworld 2020, the latest version of vRealize Network Insight has verification technology that lets managers see the ...
SearchCIO
Top use cases and benefits of edge computing
Research shows that the move toward edge computing will only increase over the next few years. Here, we've identified its ...
During digital transformation, CIOs are the secret weapon
Organizations need to look toward CIOs again as they move forward with digital transformation. CIOs can help navigate the ...
10 top edge computing companies to watch
With the amount of data organizations are generating today, IT leaders should consider edge computing technologies to keep all ...
SearchEnterpriseDesktop
Lenovo launching the first foldable PC, the ThinkPad X1 Fold
Lenovo touted the ThinkPad X1 Fold as a unified experience for workers who use laptops and tablets. The company has started ...
Jamf Pro Intune integration targets compliance, zero trust
Find out how the new Jamf Pro integration with Microsoft Intune's conditional access can simplify the back-end management of user...
Microsoft updating look, features in Outlook for macOS
An improved search function, additional customization options and a newly revised aesthetic are among the Outlook for macOS ...
SearchCloudComputing
Put an IT succession plan in place for your cloud team
IT is a small world. Before you leave your current company and role, make sure your successor has the right training, support and...
How to approach a GCP-to-AWS migration
Before you move your GCP workloads to AWS, you need a clear cloud migration plan in place and a framework to understand the ...
Test your knowledge of microservices architectures
Review microservices basics. Take this short quiz on microservices to find out how much you really know about this approach to ...
ComputerWeekly.com
IBM preps for 2021 business split as enterprise hybrid cloud push gathers pace
IBM is set to split in two to form two publicly traded entities, with one focusing on the delivery of hybrid cloud services to ...
Quarter of remote workers fail to engage with tech teams
Research reveals a burgeoning IT-employee divide among the growing ranks of remote workers, but the root causes have yet to be ...
The UK switches on to mobile contact tracing
Long overdue and attracting descriptions ranging from ‘essential’ to ‘cherry on the cake’, the UK’s contact-tracing app is now ...
About Us
Meet The Editors
Contact Us
Videos
Photo Stories
Definitions
Guides
Advertisers
Business Partners
Media Kit
Corporate Site
Contributors
CPE and CISSP Training
Reprints
Events
E-Products
All Rights Reserved,
Copyright 2000 - 2020, TechTarget
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Close