https://security.intuit.com/index.php/privacy
Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
Your Privacy
Global Privacy Statement
English
Español
Français
Français (Canada)
Português
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
FAQ
Contact Us
We're committed to keeping your data safe
When you use one of our offerings, you trust us with your personal and professional financial information. We help safeguard that data and protect your privacy by using industry-leading technology and practices.
We believe in your right to privacy
We use the data you share with us to help you reach your financial goals while giving you choices on how we collect and share it. You also have the power to download, update, and delete your data right from your Intuit Account without having to call or email us.
Visit Your Privacy page
We take security seriously
We safeguard the information you share with us with some of the industry’s best practices. The innovative technology we use helps stop fraudsters in their tracks and ensures only you can access your Intuit Account.
Visit our Security Center
Putting your data to good use
We work to create innovative ways to put your data to use while protecting your privacy. The information you share with us through any of our offerings, minus your TurboTax tax preparation data, gets saved to your single Intuit Account. Having your data in one place helps us do things like show you insights about your financial situation, or know when you might like to connect with a live expert.
Learn more about how we use your data
Privacy and security actions
Manage your data
Send a privacy question
Report a security issue
Manage your marketing preferences
Manage your cookie preferences
Actions for customers in the EU
Help for Credit Karma members
United States (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
India (English)
About Us
Careers
Press Room
Accessibility © 2020 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved. Intuit, QuickBooks, QB, TurboTax, ProConnect, and Mint are registered trademarks of Intuit Inc. Terms and conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change without notice.Photographs ©2018 Jeremy Bittermann PhotographyBy accessing and using this page you agree to the
Terms and Conditions.
Legal
Privacy
Security
GDPR