https://secure.onlinelabels.com/privacy.aspx
Sheets
Sheet Labels
Rolls
Roll Labels
Custom
Custom Labels
Design
Design & Templates
Help
Live Chat
|
1-888-575-2235
Shop by Size
Filter by your measurements
Shop by Material
Find the match for your printer
Shop by Use
Browse by product or use
Also in Sheet Labels
View All
Custom Labels
New
Custom
Sheet Label Sizes
Integrated Form Labels
Brand Cross-Reference List
Large Format Labels on Sheets
Sheet Labels on Clearance
Social Distancing Signs/Stickers New
Popular Products on Sheets
2.625" x 1"
Address Labels
30 Labels Per Sheet
4" x 2"
Shipping Labels
10 Labels Per Sheet
8.5" x 11"
Sticker Paper
1 Label Per Sheet
View all popular sizes
Direct Thermal
Roll Labels
(ribbons not required)
Thermal Transfer
Roll Labels
(requires ribbons)
Inkjet
Roll Labels
For full-color printing
Also in Roll LabelsView All
DYMO® Compatible Labels
Custom Roll Label Sizes
Thermal Transfer Ribbons
Roll Labels on Clearance
Scale Labels
Popular Products on Rolls
4" x 6"
Thermal Roll Labels
250 Labels Per Roll
4" x 2"
Thermal Roll Labels
730 Labels Per Roll
2" x 1"
Thermal Roll Labels
1,375 Labels Per Roll
View all popular sizes
Custom Labels
Create product packaging and event labels that stand out with professionally printed custom labels.
Low minimum order size
Free digital proofs
Fast turnaround times
Get Started
Need to create your design?
Browse templates
Choose from our free collection of editable template designs.
Design your own
Create designs from scratch using our exclusive platform.
Create, design, and print your labels.
No downloads necessary
Free activation with purchase
100% compatible with all our products
Start Designing
or
Learn More
Other Design OptionsFREE
Blank
Label Templates
Pre-Designed
Label Templates
Business Tools
Get started
Ideas &
Inspiration
How can we help you?
FAQs
Find answers to popular questions about our company and products.
Articles
Learn more about our products and services with articles, videos, and how to's.
Today's Phone Support Hours:
estimated hold time
Toll Free: 1-888-575-2235
Email Us
Trending Topics
View All
How to Create a Microsoft Word Label Template
5 Best Label Design & Printing Software Platforms
Using Sticker Paper With Your Cutting Machine
Printer Alignment Guide
How to Create PayPal® Shipping Labels
Creating Nutrition Fact Labels for Your Products
We're here to help!
Email Us
1-888-575-2235
Today's Phone Support Hours:
estimated hold time
Welcome
×
Shop
Sheet Labels
Roll Labels
Custom Labels
Helpful Links
Call Us
Support
FAQs
Articles
Community Forum
Contact Us
Design & Tools
Pre-Designed Templates
Business Tools
's Account
Easy Re-ordering
Order Status
Track Orders
Returns
Account Information
Sign Out
Sign In
Your Shopping Cart
View Cart
Labels on SheetsLabels on Rolls
Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how personal information is collected, used, processed, and disclosed by Online Labels, LLC. It includes information about who we are, what information we collect, why we use your information, who we share your information with and why, how we protect your information, and how you can change or review your information. By accessing or using this Site and its related software tools, applications or any other Online Labels, LLC tools, you understand and consent to Online Labels collecting, storing, processing, and sharing your information as described in this privacy policy. We regularly review and may edit or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically, along with our Terms & Conditions.
Contacting Us
You can contact us by mail at 2021 E. Lake Mary Blvd., Sanford, Florida 32773 USA, by email at privacy@onlinelabels.com, or by telephone at 1-888-575-2235
Personally Identifiable Information
We do not and will not sell your personal information to third-parties or other companies. We collect and store information for various uses depending on how you interact with our site. We store this information indefinitely.
Acquired or Necessary Content
The information below is automatically detected or provided by you to utilize the full functionality of our services.
User Type
Information Collected
Why We Collect It
User Type:Site Visitor
Information Collected:IP Address
Why We Collect It:Internal & External Troubleshooting
User Type:Customer
Information Collected:First & Last Name
Why We Collect It:Order Fulfillment, Analytics
User Type:Customer
Information Collected:Email Address
Why We Collect It:Order Confirmation & Tracking, Remarketing, Support, Maestro Label Designer
User Type:Customer
Information Collected:Phone Number
Why We Collect It:Order Fulfillment
User Type:Customer
Information Collected:Billing Information
Why We Collect It:Order Fulfillment
User Type:Customer
Information Collected:Shipping Information
Why We Collect It:Order Fulfillment
User Type:Customer
Information Collected: Device Data
Why We Collect It:Fraud Detection
User Type:Customer
Information Collected: Chat Logs
Why We Collect It:Support
User-Submitted Content
Other information is voluntarily provided by you to access non-essential functions of the site. This includes your name and email address for submissions to the following sections: Customer Ideas, Product Reviews, Testimonials, Forum, Support, and other areas where users may voluntarily submit information. This information is used to email reward codes, provide support, curate content, and attribute your submitted content to the public name or nickname you specify during creation. It does not expire.
If you create or upload a design through the section of the Site dedicated to Custom Printing, or by using Maestro Label Designer, or by using templates available on the Site, we collect the Personal Information you may use to customize the product, such as the name of your business, your address, or phone number. It does not expire.
How We Secure It
All of the communication between site users and OnlineLabels.com is transmitted over an HTTPS connection. Our servers are PCI-compliant for the safe storage of payment information. In addition, sensitive information is encrypted and stored in a secure data center.
How To Access, Update, Or Delete Your Personal Information
If you have an OnlineLabels.com account, visit the Privacy Settings section to request a copy of your personal information and/or ask us to delete it. For non-account holders or to speak with a customer service representative regarding this request, please call 1-888-575-2235. You will need to confirm your identity via a two-factor authentication email before requests are processed.
Within My Account, you are also able to unsubscribe from promotional emails or special offers and update any personal details including your contact, billing, and shipping information.
Third-Party Access
No personally identifiable information gathered through registration, checkout, or support inquiries will be sold to others for marketing purposes. There may be cases where it's necessary to share this data with our affiliates, partners, and other third-parties for the purposes of order fulfillment.
In order to process your credit card and complete your purchase, we securely transfer your information to our payment processor for authorization and approval. Additionally, we may use third-party companies to perform various functions including order fulfillment, package delivery, postal and e-mail delivery, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we use for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and are not permitted to use it for other purposes.
We may also use your personal information where necessary to abide by applicable laws and legal obligations including complying with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
Non-personally identifiable information may be shared with organizations for ad targeting and analytics services. These companies include:
Google provides advertising services, delivers organic and paid analytics, and conducts customer reviews
Microsoft delivers advertising reporting
Yahoo delivers advertising reporting
BizRate conducts customer reviews
SiteSpect enables A/B testing
Facebook provides advertising services and reporting
Pinterest delivers advertising reporting
Twitter provides advertising services and reporting
Cloudflare offers site optimization services
Amazon provides advertising services and reporting
Optional Components Maestro Label Designer Font Finder browser extension allows Maestro Label Designer to access the fonts installed on your computer (available for Chrome, Internet Explorer, and Opera browsers).
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and deliver relevant promotional material.
Necessary Cookies
Certain cookies are required for the functionality of the website. Some features or actions, such as the checkout process, cannot be completed without the use of such cookies.
Marketing Cookies
To create a meaningful user experience, sections of the site may include your name, recently viewed products, applied preferences, and more. We also utilize your shopping history to deliver personalized ads across other websites and platforms.
Do Not Track Signals or Similar Mechanisms OnlineLabels.com respects and supports the "Do Not Track" setting available within some browsers. If you have this feature enabled, we will not collect information as it pertains to browsing habits and marketing preferences.
The Privacy Policy contained herein was last updated Tuesday, October 13, 2020
Your Permissions
We want to ensure you understand and are comfortable with our use and disclosure of your personal information. You can opt out of our data sharing at any time using the buttons below.
Remove all cookies from OnlineLabels.com and Maestro Label Designer.
Delete Cookies
View specific information tied to an OnlineLabels.com or Maestro Label Designer account.
Change Preferences
×
×
×
×