https://secure.retireware.com/privacy.aspx
Features
Individuals
Advisors
Financial Services
Subscribe
Blog
Login
RetireWare
Your Privacy
This privacy statement covers the RetireWare Website, including illustration models and content, operated by Equisoft Inc. (the "COMPANY")
located at www.retireware.com (the "Site").
This statement is limited to personal information (referred to as "information"). If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement,
you should contact THE COMPANY by email at info@retireware.com.
Security
THE COMPANY will take every reasonable precaution to protect information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. Although THE COMPANY cannot
guarantee that users' information will not be subject to unauthorized access by hackers, THE COMPANY has appropriate security procedures in place
to protect users' information. Information is stored on secure, password-protected servers and is only accessible by employees who need the information
to perform a specific job. The servers that store user information are in a physically secure environment.
Security Statement
Information Collection and Use
The COMPANY collects information from you when you register on the Site or place an order.
When ordering or registering, as appropriate, you will be asked to enter certain information.
You may, however, visit the public portion of the Site anonymously.
The COMPANY is the sole owner of the information collected through RetireWare and/or the Site. With RetireWare, your information is completely
secure and will not be used for any other purpose than described below. You may request at
any time the deletion of your information from our files and/or cessation of email notifications.
The COMPANY will send email notifications from time to time to inform subscribers of products updates and does not promote any third party products or services.
You may unsubscribe by notifying us at info@retireware.com.
Using RetireWare
When you use any of the RetireWare products from the Site, you are asked to provide your first and last name, postal code, city, province and email address.
Credit card information is provided only by you directly to PayPal. THE COMPANY does not and will not use your information other than (i) to keep a record for future retrieval by
you or another user who obtained your explicit permission, and (ii) provide user support at your request.
Any of the information the COMPANY collects from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To store your account data (your information is encrypted using an industry-leading algorithm),
To include you into the Leader's Group you selected,
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs),
To process transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever,
without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested),
To send periodic emails (the email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order,
in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.).
Protection of Privacy
The COMPANY implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information,
including use of a secure server, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, data encryption and use of PayPal as a payment gateway provider.
Information Disclosure to Outside Parties
The COMPANY does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist
the COMPANY in operating the Site, conducting business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
These trusted parties include your Group's Leader.
You may provide access to your data to your Leader by selecting this option in your privacy settings. Your leader may request sharing access,
but only you can grant this permission. If a Leader invited you to join, by default sharing access is granted to allow your Leader to set up your account.
However, you can at any time change sharing permissions by deselecting the option in your privacy settings.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing or other uses.
As part of your privacy protection, all users of the Site may make changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and editing their profile.
Legal Disclaimer
THE COMPANY may need to disclose personal information if required by law. For example, to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or
legal process.
The COMPANY may also release your information when it believes is appropriate to enforce the COMPANY's Site policies, or protect the COMPANY's or others' rights,
property, or safety.
Use of Cookies
The COMPANY uses cookies to help process subscriptions to RetireWare.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to
any personally identifiable information while on the Site. Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Cookies are used within the Site to complete the ordering process, but is not used to store any sensitive information (such as credit cards).
Cookies do not enable the COMPANY to track your activity when using RetireWare or the Site.
Links
The Site contains links to other Websites. THE COMPANY is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites. THE COMPANY encourages
users to read the privacy statements of each and every Website.
Updating Personal Information
Users may gain access to information that THE COMPANY has by requesting it using via email to:
info@retireware.com. Users have a responsibility to tell THE COMPANY if their information changes
as that is the only way THE COMPANY can ensure information is kept accurate and up to date.
Your Consent
By using this Site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to Privacy Policy
The COMPANY may change its privacy policy, and will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on January 1, 2020.
Please contact us via email at info@retireware.com if you have questions or comments about this page.