http://securitytracker.com/help/privacy.html
Home
|
View Topics
|
Search
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. This statement describes our information collection, usage, and distribution policies.
Cookies
We use cookies on the SecurityTracker public web site to analyze how our web site is used. Cookies are not required.
We use cookies on the SecurityTracker private secure web site, which is used for providing customers of our premium subscription services with access to their individual accounts, for authentication purposes.
Individual Data / Personal Information
If you have signed up to receive free SecurityTracker summary newsletter emails, we use the name and email address from your subscription request to deliver the email to you. We also store the date on which you signed up. This Personal Information is deleted when you unsubscribe.
If you send us correspondence, such as e-mail or letters, we may store this information.
If you have signed up for a paid SecurityTracker service, we store your name, contact information, and service preferences.
If you have signed up for any SecurityTracker service, we may use your contact information to send you information about our company and services.
You may opt out of receiving future informational mailings; see the User Options section below.
If you have signed up for a SecurityTracker service via an authorized third party business partner (such as a service provider, consultant, or reseller), we may disclose Personal Information to only that business partner.
The extent of that disclosure will be described in a privacy addendum that will be available to you when you sign up and when you access your acount.
Other than as described above, we do not disclose Personal Information to any third parties except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with legal processes, (ii) enforce a contract, (iii) respond to claims that any content of the SecurityTracker service violates the rights of third parties, or (iv) protect the rights, property or personal safety of SecurityTracker, its users, or the public.
If for any reason we decide to collect and use Personal Information for any purpose not listed above, we will obtain your consent first.
Security
For security purposes, all access is logged, including IP addresses and certain HTTP, TCP layer, and IP packet parameters.
External Links
This site may include links to external web sites.
Our privacy policy does not extend to external sites.
For your benefit, external links are generally identified as such, with the exception of banner links.
User Options
As mentioned above, we may use customer contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and our services.
You may opt out of receiving future mailings by sending an e-mail with your name to help@securitytracker.com. You can contact our Privacy Officer about your Personal Information at help@securitytracer.com.
Children's Privacy
We want to help you guard your children's privacy.
You should be aware that our service is not intended or designed for children under the age of 13.
We do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is a child under the age of 13.
Changes
This privacy policy may change.
Any changes will be posted to this page.
Change record:
May 25, 2018 - Clarified what we use cookies for. Modified policy to indicate that we will obtain your consent first (instead of just notifying you) before using your Personal Information for any other purposes. Removed policies about sponsorship data, as we no longer offer web site sponsorship. Removed policies about use of aggregate data for demographics. Modified policy to include contact information for our Privacy Officer. Reordered and streamlined some paragraphs.
December 26, 2001 - Modified the "Cookies" section of the policy to indicate that our private secure web site uses cookies for authentication purposes only.
April 13, 2001 - Modified policy to notify of potential e-mail to customers regarding our company or our services and to provide opt-out provisions for customers not wanting this e-mail.
Modified policy to indicate we may use individual demographic data and statistics in the aggregate only.
Modified policy to include statement on Children's Privacy.
Modified policy to clarify the conditions under which we may be compelled to release individually identifying data (such as for legal reasons).
Home   |
View Topics   |
Search   |
Contact Us
This web site uses cookies for web analytics. Learn More
Copyright 2020, SecurityGlobal.net LLC