https://security.berkeley.edu/policy/glossary
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Policy
Glossary
Glossary
Information Security Policy Glossary
Below are definitions of key terms used in UC Berkeley's Information Security Policies. For a list of all policies, visit our A-Z Policy Catalog
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z
Term
Definition
Administrative Official
See “Unit Head”
Application Coordinator
See “Service Manager”
Asset
A term used to collectively refer to IT Resources and Institutional Information (both defined in this glossary).
Authentication
The process of verifying that an individual, entity, or application is who, or what, it claims to be. For example, this might involve validating personal identity documents, requiring a username and passphrase, biometric verification, or verifying the authenticity of a website with a digital certificate.
Availability Level
The degree to which Institutional Information and IT Resources must be accessible and operational to meet business needs. All UC Institutional Information and IT Resources are classified into one of four Availability Levels based on the level of business impact their loss of availability or service would have on UC, with A4 causing the highest level of impact and A1 causing a minimal level of impact.
Berkeley Campus Data
See “Institutional Information”
Berkeley IT Resources
See “IT Resources”
Campus
UC Berkeley
CIO
The Chief Information Officer (CIO) is the senior executive responsible for information technology or information system functions throughout Campus.
CISO
The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is the role responsible for security functions throughout Campus, including assisting in the interpretation and application of information security policies.
Cloud Service
A cloud service is any service that is hosted remotely and provided over the Internet. For the purposes of UC Berkeley’s Minimum Security Standards (MSSND and MSSEI), a cloud service refers to any service hosted at a non-Campus location.
CRE
The Cyber-risk Responsible Executive (CRE) is an individual in a senior management or academic position who reports to the chancellor or top Campus executive. The CRE is accountable for all information risk assessments, security strategies, planning and budgeting, incident management, and information security implementation.
Critical IT Infrastructure
1. IT Resources that manage unrelated sets of Institutional Information or sets of large or particularly sensitive Institutional Information.2. IT Resources that meet two conditions: a) Several information systems rely on the resource such that a security issue with the resource would affect multiple systems. b) The default or standard method for securing the system is inappropriate due to an elevated level of risk, complexity, or the specialized nature of the IT Resource
Data Custodian (legacy)
See “Service Provider”
FERPA-Protected Student Records
Student records protected under the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA) include, but are not limited to:
Student ID
Transcripts (grades)
Exam papers
Test scores
Evaluations
Financial aid records
Loan collection records
Directory information for students who have requested that information about them not be released as public information
Student records are generally classified as "UC Protection Level 3 (P3) (formerly UCB Protection Level 1 (PL1)). See the Data Classification Policy for details and exceptions. UC Berkeley’s Office of the Registrar is the campus authority for FERPA.
High Risk Data
Information classified at UC Protection Level 4 (P4)
Individual Devices
End-user workstations that do not meet the definition of "Privileged Access Devices" or "Institutional Devices"
Individually-Owned Data
Data which is defined as an individual’s own personal information that is not considered "Institutional Information"
Institution
University of California
Institutional Devices
Devices that store 500 or more records of protected data -OR-
Servers that store, process or transmit protected data. This includes database servers, application servers, web front-end servers, back-up and storage systems and any systems that provide authentication, authorization or configuration management for those systems -OR-
Systems with stored credentials that access protected data in any of the above systems
Institutional Information
A term that broadly describes all data and information created, received and/or collected by UC relating to the activities or operations of the university, regardless of where the data is stored. Institutional Information does not include Individually-Owned Data.
Institutional Information Proprietor
The individual, group, committee, or board responsible for the Institutional Information and processes supporting a University function. Proprietor responsibilities include, but are not limited to: ensuring compliance with University policy regarding the classification, protection, access to, and release of information according to procedures established by UC, the Location, or the department, as applicable to the situation. Proprietors are also responsible for ensuring compliance with federal or state law or regulation.
IT Resources
A term that broadly describes IT infrastructure, software, and/or hardware with computing and networking capability. This includes:
Any devices (UC-owned or personally owned) that store or access Institutional Information;
Any devices used for UC business that are connected to UC systems or networks;
UC-provided IT services, regardless of where they are hosted.
IT Resource Proprietor
The individual responsible for the IT Resources and processes supporting a University function. Proprietor responsibilities include, but are not limited to: ensuring compliance with University policy regarding the classification, protection, access to, location, and disposition of IT Resources. Proprietors are also responsible for ensuring compliance with federal or state law or regulation.
IT Service Provider
See “Service Provider”
IT Workforce Member
A Workforce Member who is assigned specific information technology (IT) duties or responsibilities.
This applies to individuals working for the university in any capacity, whether paid or unpaid, including student employees, volunteers, and contingent workers.
Low Risk Data
Information classified at UC Protection Level 2 (P2)
Minimal Risk Data
Information classified at UC Protection Level 1 (P1)
Moderate Risk Data
Information classified at UC Protection Level 3 (P3)
Notice-Triggering Information
See “Statutory Requirement for Notification” below.
Personnel Records
Academic Personnel Records include, but are not limited to: confidential academic review records, non-confidential academic review records and "personal" information (as defined in Section 160 of the Academic Personnel Manual [PDF]).Staff Personnel Records (listed in Section 80 of the Personnel Policies for Staff Members) include, but are not limited to:
Home telephone number and home address
Spouse's or other relatives' names
Birth date
Citizenship
Income tax withholdings
Information relating to evaluation of performance
Academic and staff personnel records are generally classified as UCB Protection Level 1 (PL1) / UC Protection Level 3 (P3). See the Data Classification Policy for details and exceptions.
Privileged Access Devices
Any device where credentials are used to provide privileged access (superuser, root, administrator, database administrator, or equivalent) to an institutional device. Physical, logical, and virtual devices included.
Proprietor
See “Institutional Information Proprietor” or “IT Resource Proprietor” as applicable.
Protected Data
A general term used to refer to information classified at UCB Protection Level 1 (PL1) / UC Protection Level 2 (P2) or higher.
Protection Level
An assigned number representing the level of protection needed for Institutional Information or an IT Resource. The scale goes from the minimum level of protection (UCB Protection Level 0 / UC Protection Level 1) to the highest level of protection (UCB Protection Level 3 / UC Protection Level 4) and is based on the potential harm resulting from unauthorized access, disclosure, loss of privacy, compromised integrity, or violation of external obligations.
Provider
See “Service Provider”
Public Directory Information
Information which may be disclosed to any party without the prior consent of the individual to whom the information pertains. This includes the following for academic and staff personnel, and students:
“Non-Personal” Academic Personnel Information as defined by APM-160
Name
Date of hire or separation
Current position title
Current rate of pay
Organizational unit assignment including office address and
telephone number
Full-time, part-time, or other employment status
Staff personnel records designated as "public information" in Section 80 of the Personnel Policies for Staff Members
Name
Date of hire
Current position title
Current salary
Organizational unit assignment
Date of separation
Office address and office telephone number
Current job description
Full-time or part-time, and appointment type
Student Directory Data (unless the student has requested that such information not be disclosed)
Student's name
Address (local, permanent, billing, e-mail)
Telephone number (local, permanent)
Date and place of birth
Major field of study
Dates of attendance
Class level (e.g., freshman, sophomore)
Enrollment status (e.g., undergraduate or graduate, full time or part time)
Number of course units in which enrolled
Degrees and honors received
Most recent previous educational institution attended
Participation in officially recognized activities, including intercollegiate athletics
Name, weight, and height of participants on intercollegiate athletic teams
Public Information
Information intended to be available to the public with no access restrictions
Researcher
UC faculty members, students or affiliates, including Principal Investigators, conducting research on behalf of UC. A Researcher is also a Workforce Member.
Resource Custodian
See “Service Provider”
Resource Proprietor
See “IT Resource Proprietor”
Security Contact
A Security Contact is a role at the IT Resource or department level made up of individuals who have been designated to receive and respond to security notices from UC Berkeley’s Information Security Office (ISO).
Security Lead
Also known as Unit Information Security Lead. A term for the Workforce Member(s) appointed by the Unit Head and assigned responsibility for ensuring tactical execution of information security activities including, but not limited to: implementing security controls; reviewing and updating risk assessments; devising procedures for the proper handling, storing and disposing of electronic media within the Unit; and reviewing access rights. These activities are performed in consultation with the Unit Head.
Service Manager
A Service Manager has overall accountability for defining a service, application, or system, ensuring services are delivered in accordance with agreed business requirements, and managing the service lifecycle.
Service Provider
Any UC group or organization providing IT services to one or more campus Units, including their own Unit. Synonyms: Data Custodian, Resource Custodian, Provider
Shared-Fate
If a data or system compromise would cause further and extensive compromise from multiple (even unrelated) sensitive systems, the data or system creating this "shared-fate" warrants an elevated UCB PL3 / UC P4.
Statutory Requirement for Notification
California State Civil Code 1798.29 and other legal statues, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), require notification to individuals in the event of a security breach of certain personal information. The Berkeley campus also refers to this data as "notice-triggering" information:
Social security number
Government issued identification numbers
Driver's license number. California identification card number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used for identity verification
Financial account numbers, credit or debit card numbers, and financial account security codes, access codes, or passwords
Personal medical information*
Personal health insurance information*
Biometric data used for authentication purposes, including photographs used or stored for facial recognition purposes
A username or email address, in combination with a password or security question and answer that would permit access to an online account
Information or data collected through the use or operation of an automated license plate recognition system
Separate but related is personal information under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
* California State Civil Code 1798.29 applies to personal medical information and personal health insurance information even under circumstances not covered by HIPAA. See section (h) for definitions under this law.
Supplier
An external, third-party entity that provides goods or services to UC. These goods and services can include consulting services, hardware, integration services, software, systems, software-as-a-service (SaaS) and other cloud services. Non-UC entities that operate IT Resources or handle Institutional Information are considered Suppliers. Also see UC BFB IS-3 Electronic Information Security, Section 15 for additional information about Supplier relationships. Synonym: Vendor
Unit
In the context of information security, a Unit is a Campus academic or administrative entity led by a Campus appointed Unit Head with budgetary authority and resources of a level sufficient to accept and manage the organization’s information security risk. Units are the point of accountability and responsibility for Institutional Information and IT Resources. At UC Berkeley, the organizational level of a Unit in this context is Dean, VC, or AVC. Delegation is allowed if the delegation is explicit and includes budget and resources necessary to fully accept and manage information security risk at the delegated level, including covering an adverse information security event such as a data breach or system compromise.
Unit Head
In the context of information security, "Unit Head" is a generic term for Dean, vice chancellor, associate vice chancellor, or other accountable executive in a senior role who has the authority to allocate budget and is responsible for Unit performance, administration, and risk acceptance. The following senior roles may also be Unit Heads if explicitly delegated by the responsible Dean, VC, or AVC: department chairs, principal investigators, directors, or senior managers.
Unit Information Security Lead (UISL)
See “Security Lead”
Users
Individuals who access and use campus Institutional Information and IT Resources.
Vendor
See “Supplier”
Workforce Manager
A person who supervises or manages other personnel or approves work or research on behalf of Campus.
Workforce Member
An employee, faculty, staff, volunteer, contractor, researcher, student worker, student supporting/performing research, medical center staff/personnel, clinician, student intern, student volunteer or person working for UC in any capacity or through any other augmentation to UC staffing levels.