https://seo-xpress.com/terms/
Lvl 3, 50 York St, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia02 8776 3313SEO CONSULTATION
Terms Of Use
By accessing and using this web site of Seo-Xpress.com (the “Site”) a division of Club Web Pty Ltd, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of use, conditions and disclaimer (“Terms of Use”) and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree with any part of these Terms of Use, you must immediately discontinue any use of the Site. These Terms of Use may change from time to time without notice and it is your responsibility to check for updates. By using this Site you are agreeing to be bound by the, then current version of these Terms of Use. The last revision date for these Terms of Use is set forth below. Any reference to Seo-Xpress.com in these Terms of Use shall mean Seo-Xpress.com and any of its subsidiaries.
Content/Reserved Rights
Copyright © Seo-Xpress.com All rights reserved. Seo-Xpress.com either owns the intellectual property rights, including copyright, or has acquired the necessary permissions from content providers or suppliers, in all of the content, information, software, products and services on this Site, including all text, HTML code, multimedia clips, images, graphics, icons, Java code and the selection and arrangement of the contents of the Site (collectively the “Information”).
Restriction on Use/Limited License
Seo-Xpress.com grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use, display on your computer, download and print short extracts of the Information for your own personal and non-commercial purposes only, provided that:
You do not modify any of the Information.
You can not download any of the information for use in third party programs.
All copyright and other proprietary notices are retained.
You abide by these Terms of Use.
No other use of the Information is permitted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you may not:
Copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, sublicense, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any of the Information.
Use any of the Information for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial).
Include any of the Information or reference thereto in or with any information, product or service that you create, distribute or provide.
Copy or transfer any of the Information onto your own web site or any other web site or server.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any right in any copyright of Seo-Xpress.com, the content Providers or of any other third party who owns the copyright in any of the Information provided on the Site.
Seo-Xpress.com retains the right to terminate at any time, and without cause, subscription or access to our services.
Trademarks
Seo-Xpress.com is a trademark of Seo-Xpress.com. Certain words, phrases, names, designs or logos used on the Site may constitute trademarks, service marks or trade names of Seo-Xpress.com, the content Providers or other third parties. The display of any such marks or names on the Site does not imply that a license or other right has been granted by Seo-Xpress.com, the content Providers or other third parties to you.
No Financial Advice
The Information on the Site is provided for information purposes only. The Information is not intended to be and does not constitute financial advice or any other advice. The Information on this Site is general in nature and is not specific to you. You should not make any decision, financial or otherwise, based on any of the Information on this Site without undertaking your own due diligence. You agree that any and all use of the Information, which you make, is solely at your own risk and without recourse to Seo-Xpress.com or the content Providers.
No Warranties
Seo-Xpress.com does not guarantee or warrant the quality, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, appropriateness or suitability of the Information on the Site or of any product or services referenced on the Site. Seo-Xpress.com assumes no obligation to update the Information or advice on further developments concerning topics mentioned. The Site and the Information may be changed from time to time without notice. The Site may be temporarily unavailable from time to time due to required maintenance, telecommunications interruptions, or other disruptions.
Seo-Xpress.com is providing this Site and the Information on an “as is” basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever with respect to the Site or the Information or with respect to the use or suitability of the Site or the Information for any purpose. The Information may contain inaccuracies, typographical errors or other errors.
Seo-Xpress.com disclaims all warranties, representations and conditions regarding the Site and the Information, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, freedom from libelous or privacy-invasive content, freedom from infections of viruses and availability, whether expressed or implied, or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice.
Disclaimer of Liability
Seo-Xpress.com, its employees, directors, agents, the content Providers and any other parties involved in the creation, production or delivery of the Site disclaim any responsibility and shall not, in any event, be liable for any damages, claims, liabilities, costs or obligations including any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages, including without limitation, loss of use, loss of data, loss of business profits, loss of opportunity, business interruption, personal injury or any other pecuniary loss (collectively the “Damages”) whatsoever and howsoever caused, arising out of or in connection with the use or misuse of the Site or the Information or with the delay or inability to use the Site or the Information, whether such Damages arise in contract, tort, strict liability, negligence, equity or statute law or by way of any other legal theory, even if Seo-Xpress.com has been advised of the possibility of damages.
Seo-Xpress.com disclaims any liability for unauthorized use or reproduction of any portion of the Information or the Site.
Links
This Site may contain links to other Internet sites. Such links are provided for reference only and were independently developed by parties other than Seo-Xpress.com. Therefore Seo-Xpress.com is not responsible for the contents of any such linked sites and does not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or appropriateness of the information contained at such sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Seo-Xpress.com of the site. Use of any such linked site is at the user’s own risk.
No Endorsement
Reference to any third party information, product, process or services at this Site or any linked site is not an expressed or implied endorsement by Seo-Xpress.com.
Subscription Based content
Some contents and/or services on this Site may be offered to you conditioned on your payment of subscription fees. If you elect to purchase subscription-based content/services and transmit to Seo-Xpress.com a subscription purchase request, you warrant that all information that you submit is true and accurate (including without limitation your credit card number and expiration date), and you agree to pay all subscription fees you incur. You agree that these Terms of Use will apply to your subscription. You also agree to be bound by any additional terms of use, conditions and disclaimers that may be required by Seo-Xpress.com or any content Providers from time to time. This Site may be temporarily unavailable from time to time due to required maintenance, telecommunications interruptions, or other disruptions. Although Seo-Xpress.com makes every reasonable effort to minimize such downtime, Seo-Xpress.com does not guarantee 100 percent availability of the Site. If you wish to cancel your subscription for any reason, you may do so through the Membership Services feature of this Site, your request must be made 30 or more days in advance of your automatic payment, but there are no refunds of subscription fees previously paid.
Your subscription is personal to you and the members of your household, and you may not transfer or make available your account name and password to others, including without limitation your co-workers. Any distribution by you of your account name and password may result in cancellation of your subscription without refund and additional charges based on unauthorized use.
No Solicitation
No part of this Site should be taken to constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or services. Some products or services mentioned on this Site may only be available in certain areas or jurisdictions. Any products or services mentioned on this Site are made available in accordance with local laws and only where they may be lawfully offered for sale.
Confidentiality Warning
Absent the use of encryption, the Internet is not a secured medium and privacy cannot be ensured. Internet e-mail is vulnerable to interception and forging. Seo-Xpress.com will not be responsible for any damages you or any third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential information that you may make to Seo-Xpress.com through the Internet, or that you expressly or implicitly authorize Seo-Xpress.com to make, or for any errors or any changes made to any transmitted information.
Computer Viruses
While efforts are made to ensure that the Information provided at this Site does not contain computer viruses, you should take reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and should ensure that you have a complete and current back up of the applicable items of information contained on your computer system.
Conformance with Law
You agree that your use of this Site will not violate any applicable local, national or international law, including but not limited to any regulations having the force of law. Some jurisdictions may have restrictions on the use of the Internet by their residents. You agree not to impersonate any person in your use of the Site or the sending of any e-mail to an address listed on the Site.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will still be valid.
Governing Law
The local laws applicable therein will govern as to the interpretation, validity and effect of these Terms of Use and as to any dispute or claim based on your use of the Site or the Information, notwithstanding any conflict of laws provisions of your domicile, residence or physical location.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us by e-mail at admin@seo-xpress.com