https://seoimage.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy - SEO Image | Reputation Management & NYC SEO Company
888-SEO-COMPANY
888-SEO-COMPANY
email
SEO Image on twitter
SEO Image on Facebook
SEO
SEO Services
Local SEO
SEO Audit
Conversion Marketing
Mobile SEO
SEO Training
Rehab Marketing
Best SEO Company
Reputation Management
Local SEO
Web Design
PPC Management
Case Studies
Tools
Free SEO Audit
Redirect Checker
PageSpeed Tester
Keyword Density
Spider Simulator
Count Characters
Schema Generator
Sitemap Generator
Contact
Request a Quote
Request a Quote
Privacy Policy
SEO Image, Inc. Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://seoimage.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
“Analytics” We use third party analytics tools that provide us visitor tracking information including the time spent on a page, clicked pages, the number of pages you visit, referring websites, search terms used to find us, where you exit the website, and we track actions of filling out forms or using tools. Our tools do not track you.
Additionally, when you fill out a form to request service information or a free website SEO audit, we collect certain information from you, including your name, company, phone number, email address, and any additional information you submit. We refer to this information as “Contact Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Contact Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Contact Information that we collect generally to fulfill any service requests for information placed throughout the Site. Additionally, we use this Contact Information to:
Communicate with you;
Develop a proposal for marketing or design services.
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We may use some of this data with third party advertising to present remarketing advertisements to you on third party sites after you have left our site.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, We Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising here:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an contact through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place a contact through the Site, we will maintain your Contact Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at seo (at) seoimage.com or by mail using the details provided below:
535 5th Ave, 4th fL, New York, NY, 10017, United States
Privacy PolicyAlan Rabinowitz2020-09-18T11:55:09-04:00
Featured Articles301 Redirects & Canonical URL Tutorial
Rehab Marketing After the Google Adwords Ban
Managing Your Online Reputation – Webinar
How To Handle a PR Crisis – Managing Your Online Reputation
6 Local SEO Tips That Will Help Your Business Get More Leads
ServicesSEO Services
Reputation Management
PPC Management
SEO Audit
Rehab Marketing
Social Media
Conversion Strategy
Web Design
Mobile SEO
Local Search
SEO Training
Content
App Store Optimization
Image SEO
Recent Writings
6 Online Review Tips That Will Help You Rank Higher & Get More Sales
We’re Hiring – Remote SEO Sales – Stay Safe and Earn!
SEO Image on Instagram
SEO Image’s Alan Rabinowitz Noted as a Top New York Influencer by Metropolitan Magazine
How To SEO For Voice Search, Local & Near Me SEO Strategies
A Proactive Online Reputation Management Guide
Rehab Marketing After the Google Adwords Drug & Alcohol Addiction Keywords Ban
Managing Your Online Reputation – Webinar
Top Articles
October 2020
July 2020
June 2020
May 2019
March 2018
October 2017
September 2017
July 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
September 2016
August 2016
March 2016
January 2016
December 2015
September 2015
February 2015
March 2014
December 2013
November 2013
May 2012
January 2009
August 2008
April 2008
March 2008
October 2007
August 2007
July 2007
June 2007
May 2007
April 2007
March 2007
February 2007
January 2007
December 2006
November 2006
October 2006
September 2006
July 2006
May 2006
April 2006
Services
SEO
Reputation Mgmt
PPC Mgmt
Local SEO
SEO Audit
Image SEO
Social Media
Rehab Marketing
iGaming SEO
Company
SEO Image
Blog
About Us
SEO Case Studies
NYC SEO Company
SEO Image CEO
NYC Location
Mobile SEO Services
Our CEO on LinkedIn
Help
Contact
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Support
FAQ’s
Copyright
Best SEO Companies
SEO Image Brochure
Long Island SEO
About SEO Image Award-Winning SEO company focused on SEO, reputation management services. NYC Headquarters. See SEO Image In The News
SEO Image Recent Blog Posts
6 Online Review Tips That Will Help You Rank Higher & Get More Sales
We’re Hiring – Remote SEO Sales – Stay Safe and Earn!
Our Writings
Business.com Expert
Search Engine Journal
Front Page Addiction
Blog
SEO.World
Careers
We're Hiring
SEO Sales Jobs
SEO Specialists
PPC Management
Internships
888-736-2667
Contact
Call SEO Image Now
Copyright © 2002-2020 SEO Image |
SEO Image is a Registered Trademark of SEO Image, Inc. | NYC Reputation Management Services & High-End SEO Agency.
NYC SEO Image, 535 5th Ave 4th fl, New York, NY 10017.     Long Island SEO Image, 200 Broadhollow Road, Suite 207, Melville, NY 11747.