https://sevaa.com/privacy-policy/
Last updated: May 25, 2018
Sevaa Group Inc., (referred to herein as “Sevaa,” “we,” “us” or “our”) strongly believes in maintaining the privacy of Personal Information we collect from individuals who visit our website. We have developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of Personal Information. This Privacy Policy provides you with information concerning our practices and procedures as they relate specifically to information we collect through our website. We provide this Privacy Policy in connection with our Terms of Service, located at https://sevaa.com/terms-of-service. Our Privacy Policy is subject to change, in which case we will post the revised policy on this website and update the “Last Updated” date above.
By continuing to use the Site or by providing us with any personal information after we’ve posted such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. Your access of the Site for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Policy does not constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy unless you engage in any further access or use of the Site. If you are using the Site as a part of an organization or business entity, you represent and warrant that you have appropriate authority to bind such organization or entity to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and any reference to “you” herein will include such organization or entity. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in our Terms of Service.
Definitions
“Applicable Law” means any applicable federal, state and local laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules, opinions, interpretive letters and other official releases of or by any government, or any authority, department or agency thereof which are now in effect or which may come into effect during the period in which you use the Services.
“Cookies” means a piece of information which a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience and have not been known to transmit computer viruses or otherwise harm your computer. Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date or may remain on your computer until you delete them.
“Sevaa,” “we,” “our” or “us” shall mean Sevaa Group Inc., an Atlanta Corporation.
“Client Portal” means Sevaa’s dashboard where clients can access their invoices, see the progress of their project, and more. This also includes forms on the Site.
“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability entity, Governmental Authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association or other entity.
“Personal Information” means information that is unique to you and may include your name, your date of birth, your home or other physical address, your email address, your telephone number and other information that identifies you.
“Privacy Policy” means this statement of our information privacy practices, policies and procedures, as may be amended from time to time.
“Service” means any service provided by Sevaa (i.e. hosting, development, maintenance, services, etc.).
“Site” means our website, which is located at www.sevaa.com, whyyouneed.us, and my.sevaa.com.
“User,” “you” or “your” means the Person accessing or making use of the Service, including the Site and Client Portal.
Summary
This Privacy Policy notifies you of:
Personal Information we collect about you.
How we collect Personal Information about you.
Our use of your Personal Information.
Our security procedures concerning your Personal Information.
Our communications with you.
Your obligation to provide accurate Personal Information and to correct any inaccuracies.
How to opt out of targeted advertising.
Any changes or updates to this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
When you use the Sevaa Client Portal, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information in order to make use of the Service. We do not collect Personal Information from you unless you voluntarily provide Personal Information during the Client Portal registration process or when you otherwise access or make use of the Service. By providing your Personal Information to Sevaa, you expressly agree to our collection, use, and disclosure of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. We will use Personal Information to confirm your identity as required by Applicable Laws that govern the Service.
Information from Third-Party Sites
In order to display information to you or to facilitate your access and use of the Service, we may collect, on your behalf, other Personal Information from third party websites. When users visit Sevaa Group’s website, third parties (such as AdRoll) may place Cookies on their browser for targeted advertising purposes.
Information Collected by Cookies and Web Beacons
Our website collects data including first-party Cookies. We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending Cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive or in device memory by a website. Among other things, Cookies help evaluate and compile aggregated statistics about user activity. We may use Cookies for a number of purposes – for example, to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our Service for research and other purposes, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information and marketing offers, or to store a user name or encrypted identification number so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Service. We currently use or anticipate using third party service providers to gather data about the usage of our Service and for marketing purposes. These third-party services may set or maintain Cookies which we do not control. Due to the constantly-changing technology of the internet, we may discontinue the use of these providers at any time, or implement new third-party services to provide same, similar, or additional functionality.
We may also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Service or emails. We may use web beacons to deliver Cookies, count visits, understand usage, and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Technical and Navigational Information
Our website collects data including the HTTP of the user, browser and system information. We may collect your computer browser type, Internet Protocol address, pages visited, location preferences, identification numbers associated with your personal devices, date and time stamps of transactions, average time spent on our Site, and other interactions with the Site. This information may be used, for example, to alert you to software compatibility issues, or it may be analyzed to improve our web design and functionality.
Our Use of Your Personal Information
We may use the Personal Information you provide to us as necessary to provide the Service to you, to respond to your inquiries or provide you with updates, and to offer or suggest other products, services, or promotional offerings that we believe may be of interest to you. We may provide your Personal Information to our third party service providers as necessary to provide the Service to you. We may use your Personal Information to improve and personalize the Site and any other related services, including future products and services which we may offer to you.
We will collect and use Personal Information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain Personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect Personal Information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share Personal Information about you as follows:
With your consent and approval provided through your use of the Service, to our trusted third-party service providers, as necessary to enable such trusted third party service providers to provide the Service to you;
In connection with, or during the negotiation of, any merger, sale of company stock or assets, financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business;
To deliver to you any administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
To respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process;
To improve our Site or the Service;
In order to investigate, prevent, defend against, or take other action regarding violations of our Terms of Use, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the legal rights or physical safety of any person or the security of our Site or Service;
Non-personalized, anonymous data may be aggregated with data from other users and other data sources and may be collected and shared with partners or for marketing purposes;
To respond to claims that any posting or other content violates the rights of third parties;
In an emergency, to protect the health and safety of our Site’s users or the general public; or
As otherwise required by Applicable Law.
Social Media Platforms and Websites
Any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to our Site or Service through the use of social media integration by email, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise (collectively, a “Submission”), is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of any social media platform or website and we are therefore not responsible for any of your Submissions contained on such sites and platforms. By accessing or making use of any part of the Site or Service that is contained on a social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us you have reviewed the applicable Privacy Policy and terms of use of such platform or website and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.
Additionally, in the event that any one part of the Site or Service offers a message board or any other interactive feature or platform of a social or public nature on a website administered directly by us, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of our Site or Service, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any Personal Information in such public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you do not know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
Information Collected from Children
We are strongly committed to preserving online privacy for all of our Site visitors, including children. Our Site and Service are intended for use only by persons who are 18 years old or older. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using the Site or Service.
Email
We appreciate your questions and comments about our Site or Service and welcome your email messages to mailboxes listed on our Site. We will share your messages with those within our organization that are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message. We will keep a copy of your message until we have had an opportunity to address your concerns. We may archive your message for a certain period or discard it, but your email address will not be used for any other purpose.
Cookies
Confidentiality and Security
We restrict access to Personal Information collected about you through the Service to our employees, our affiliates’ employees, our authorized and trusted third party service providers, or others who need to know that information in order to provide the Service to you or to conduct our normal business operations. While no web site can guarantee security, we maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information collected via the Site or Service. We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures, and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. We also advise all Sevaa employees about their responsibility to protect customer data, and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to Sevaa’s business ethics standards and confidentiality policies. While we implement these and other security measures on the Service, please note that 100% security is not always possible. We cannot guarantee that the security measures we have in place to safeguard Personal Information will never be defeated or fail, or that those measures will always be sufficient or effective.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Opt Out
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and third parties. Currently, neither the Site nor the Service recognizes or takes any automated action in response to browser “do not track” signals. You may opt out of targeted advertising at any point by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/. Your option not to receive promotional and marketing material will not preclude us from corresponding with you, by e-mail or otherwise, regarding your existing or past business relationships with us (e.g., any purchase of our products or use of our Service, or responses to requests for information you pose to us either through use of a Service or by other means).
Links to Other Sites
For your convenience, we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH HOW SUCH THIRD PARTIES COLLECT, STORE, USE OR DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Changes to Your Personal Information
If you wish to update Personal Information that you have provided to us or correct any inaccurate Personal Information you have provided to us, you may update or correct such information via the Client Portal. Alternatively, you can contact us at info@sevaa.com to request any corrections to your Personal Information. You are solely responsible for updating and ensuring the accuracy of your Personal Information, and providing us with notice of inaccurate information, if applicable.
Using the Service from Outside the United States
If you are accessing or otherwise making use of the Service from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By accessing or otherwise making use of the Service, you acknowledge and agree that we have the express right to transfer your information across jurisdictions and international borders to our facilities and to those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our Personal Information practices. In the event our Privacy Policy should materially change, we will generally notify our users by posting a notice of such change in a separate section of this Privacy Policy so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users will have the opportunity to opt-out of any change in the use of their information. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the Service, then they will not be contacted, nor will their Personal Information be used or disclosed in this new manner.
If you wish to contact The Sevaa Group, please do so using the contact information contained on our website or use the information contained below:
Email: info@sevaa.com
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Sevaa Group, Inc may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Sevaa Group, Inc’s sole discretion.
Get Started Now
First Name*Last Name*Email*
CAPTCHAPhone*Message*EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.