https://sginetwork.com/sgsites/terms-of-service/
Surfs Global’s Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Service
To use the service, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, accurate information as prompted by the Registration Form, including email address(s). You affirm you are 18 years or older. You shall at all times provide Surfs Global with accurate information. Users are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under their Surfs Global account. Customers agree to notify Surfs Global immediately of any unauthorized use of their account or breach of security. When you register, or use the service or make payment for the service you are indicating your agreement with these terms of service (TOS) and agree to abide by them. Customer shall not resell, rent, lease, grant a security interest in, or make commercial use of the Surfs Global Services without the express written consent of Surfs Global
Customer Accounts
Clients are responsible to provide Surfs Global with accurate and complete billing information including legal name, address, telephone number, and credit card/billing information, and report to Surfs Global all changes to this information within thirty (30) days of the change. Clients are responsible for any charges to their account. Changes made to an account’s billing information do not negate existing payments due on the account. You are responsible for keeping your passwords secure, Surfs Global reserves the right to immediately and without notice change any insecure passwords on the service. Clients will be held financially liable for any damage done to the service by allowing a third party access to their account either directly or indirectly (your password is hacked or you have a virus on your computer which gives access to your account to the virus owner)
Billing
As of June 2002 all invoices will be sent via email ONLY.   Invoices will be emailed to the billing email address listed under your account and can be viewed and printed through your account area at http://surfsglobal.com/ClientLogin We can not guarantee delivery of your invoices by your email provider therefore all invoices are stored in your account area which you can access 24/7. Not receiving an invoice in your email does not constitute non or late payment. It is your responsibility to notify us of any changes in your billing information and to login to view your invoices should you fail to receive them in your email.
Payment
All charges are shown in US Dollars. Payments are to be made in US dollars and must be drawn from a US bank. We accept the following types of payment:
Check or Money Order
Credit Card (Visa, Mastercard, Discover)
Paypal
In order to keep our prices down Surfs Global does NOT extend credit to Customers. Customers are required to make payment for products or services as follows:
– All Website Hosting and Domain name services must be paid in advance of service delivery.
– Computer sales require payment in full at time of purchase
– Computer repairs must be paid at pick up.
– On Site Computer training, repair, or networking may require half down to initiate work and/or payment in full due at time of service completion.
– Website development and programming fees require payment in full at contract for orders under $600, projects exceeding $600 require half down or $600 down whichever is greater with payment in full due at service completion.
– Phone consultations, support and training – We provide an easy to use Help ticket system and comprehensive searchable help archives online thru your client area please submit all help requests related to your Surfs Global service thru the help ticket system.  We will provide up to 15 minutes free phone support for all Surfs Global service related issues, website, domains, and webmail. We are also happy to help with your computer issues with topics such as viruses/malware issues, email setups or problems thru your computer’s email client, etc…  there is a charge of $65 per hour measured in 15 minute increments applied to your account which will be payable within 10 days of the date of the support provided.
Unpaid invoices after the due date may result in limited access to all or part of your Surfs Global account, service interruption will be lifted once your account has been brought to a zero balance.
.
Pre-Paid Services provided including; Domain Registration , Website Hosting are PRE-PAY only and must be paid by the due date on each invoice.
Invoices are emailed and due on the first day of each billing month and will be late on the 25th of the same billing month.. Invoices are marked paid on the date your payment is received at our office, NOT the date you sent the payment, snail mail payments take up to 4 days to arrive so it’s important to send your payment in at least 4 days before the due date to avoid late fees. You may make payments online via credit or debit card which are instantly applied to your account, there will now be an additional 3.9% credit processing charge for this service only if the payment is made AFTER the due date.
Invoices unpaid by the 25th will incur a late fee of $5 or 3% of the total invoice (whichever is greater) this amount must be paid, if it is not paid it will be carried over to your next invoice, accounts with more than 4 unpaid late fees are subject to service interruption without notice and a $20 reconnect fee. Accounts unpaid by 11:59pm CST on the last day of the billing month are subject to service interruption without notice and will incur an additional $20 reconnect fee. Disabled accounts must make payment in full including late and reconnect fees before service will be restored.
If the client’s organization requires corporate approval prior to issuing payment the client is responsible to attain this approval PRIOR to ordering the product or service from Surfs Global.
Deposits
Deposits are fully refundable and will be applied to the user’s last billing term when/if the user decides to terminate their service with Surfs Global or the deposit will be returned to you up to 30 days after your last day of service, if you follow by our Cancellations terms (see Cancellations/Internet Access).
Deposits are automatically applied to any Internet Access or website Hosting account in default. (see Defaulted Internet Access Accts)
Payment by check
we welcome payments by Business or Personal checks. If the check gets returned from the bank, your account(s) will be AUTOMATICALLY DISCONNECTED. A $25 check fee will apply. plus the amount of the invoice, late fee(s) and/or deposit(s) will need to be paid for account reactivation. If a check gets returned from the bank, we will not accept payments by check until the customer is back on a good payment term. A good payment term is 3 or more invoices that are paid on time. Postdated Checks are not accepted or honored without prior approval from Surfs Global
Payment by echeck
if you want to use an echeck you must make sure that the echeck CLEARS by the due date on your invoice. If your echeck clears after the due date your account will accrue a $5 or 3% late fee whichever is greater. (Echecks can take up to 10 days to clear)
Setup Fees
There is a one time $10 setup fee for all new Hosting accounts and a $199 setup fee to become a reseller. Setup fees are charged due to the time involved in setting up the Customer’s account on the server. Setup Fees are non refundable.
Ordering new services
When new services (website editing, programming…) are requested from a client, an email detailing the work that will be done will be sent from us and must be replied to by the client indicating their acceptance.
We will no longer setup any new services for any client that has an open invoice with us. An open invoice is an invoice that has not been paid by the due date.
Services Preformed outside of our Network
When, we develop/edit websites and/or programming that is not in our network, the files will be developed on our server. Once all payments are made we will then upload to your domain/server. Once our work is on your domain/server you agree that the work is complete and is to your specifications.
Computer Repair and Networking
Computer repair and networking performed in house or on site must be paid at time of delivery, except when a payment plan has been authorized. New computer builds must be paid in full at time of order. Onsite computing/networking charges are $65/hr for every hour an SGI technician is on location. Travel expenses must be paid as follows $45 travel expense for each county traveled from Stephenson County If the job requires a stay over customer is responsible to pay for the technician(s) hotel room(s) and one meal per day per technician for each day SGI technician(s) are working at your location. In house computer repair is $45/hr. Computers must be picked up and paid within 30 days from completion of the repair or build. Computers not picked up and paid by this time will be charged a storage fee of $5/day, computers not picked up within 60 days possession reverts to SGI.
Discounts – Surfs Global often provides clients using multiple Surfs Global services a discounted pricing plan. Discounts will be noted as a credit on your invoice. Discounts will be applicable only when payments are made on or before the due date noted on the invoice. If payment is not paid by the due date your discount credit for that service term will be removed and the full retail amount of your service plan plus any late or service reactivation fees will be due and payable.
Abuse of Services Offered / Right To Refuse Service
You may not use the services of Surfs Global to post, publish or transmit any unlawful or objectionable information of any kind, including threats, obscenity or pornography, profanity, or, including without limitation, any activity that would constitute or encourage any criminal offense, civil liability, or violate any local, state, national or international law. You may not post or transmit viruses or any other harmful components or inhibit or restrict anyone else from using the Internet.
You may not transmit, reproduce, or in any way exploit any information, software, or other material obtained through Surfs Global for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information, software or other material). Surfs Global assumes no obligation to monitor the service. However, you agree that Surfs Global has the right to monitor the service and disclose any information necessary to satisfy any law, or legal government request, and to operate properly, or to protect itself or its users. Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse service without notice or to remove any information at its sole discretion.
Surfs Global will not tolerate abusive customers and expects all customers to respect the Terms and Conditions as set forth on the Surfs Global website and the client’s contract. Customers who verbally abuse employees of Surfs Global or do not follow our guidelines set forth for completing projects and or communicating support requests will have services terminated immediately and without refund. Surfs Global does not tolerate abusive, offensive, dangerous, language or behavior. Abusive communications in any form (email, phone, in person, etc.) are not tolerated.
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse search engine submission services if Surfs Global has not designed OR is not hosting your website and Surfs Global feels that your website is not capable of search engine placement. Surfs Global will not take any accounts that we feel we cannot assist in search engine rankings.
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse SEO and/or Hosting services if a website contains content that is deemed inappropriate or contains information that would be a conflict of interest for any of our existing clients.
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse service to potential and/or existing customers to protect its existing paying customers.
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse hosting service to “Host Jumpers” (persons who change hosting providers regularly and/or who cancel service without paying their final term to the previous host or do not cancel their account according to their previous hosts terms of service)
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse services if Surfs Global deems at it’s own discretion the website contains inappropriate content. This includes sexually explicit, violent, unethical, fraudulent or questionable content.
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse service if a website’s content is found to be in conflict of interest with any of our existing clients, subsidiary companies, or company executives.
Surfs Global reserves the right to refuse or cancel existing service if deemed appropriate for the overall benefit of our company. Where an existing client’s account is canceled by Surfs Global, if the client owns all content, Surfs Global will give the client 10 days notice to retrieve all site content and relocate their site. Where Surfs Global owns site design and content, Surfs Global reserves the right to cancel service at any time with refund to client for unused services in accordance with our cancellation and refund policies. Surfs Global,  can not be held liable for any loss of business created by canceling a client’s service.
Backups and Data Loss
Your use of this service is at your sole risk. Our backup service runs once a week, overwrites any of our previous backups made, and only one week of backups are kept. This service is provided to you as a courtesy. Surfs Global is not responsible for files and/or data residing on your account. You agree to take full responsibility for files and data transferred and to maintain all appropriate backup of files and data stored on  Surfs Global servers.
Cancellation
Hosting  plans are prepay and will automatically renew on your service anniversary date until a plan is cancelled. In order to cancel service, you must submit a help ticket in your account area or send an email to surfsup@surfsglobal.com from the billing email address listed on your account and invoices. Cancellations by phone will not be accepted since we have no way of verifying that the actual client is doing the cancelling.
Cancellation requests must be received by a minimum of thirty (30) days prior to the end of your Billing Cycle prior to your next billing term and before your next invoice is issued. Cancellations submitted later than this time and/or after the next service term invoice has been issued will result in automatic renewal of your hosting plan and payment for that service term is due and payable. Cancellations become effective on the day processed by Surfs Global. . You will receive a notice of cancellation once we have processed it. If you do not receive a confirmation, please contact us as soon as possible.
We do not monitor, and will not automatically cancel, plans for problems related to domain name transfers, non-usage, Internic, your ISP, your computer failure, or any other secondary issues not directly related to our services. Cancellation of services does not relieve the customer from paying any outstanding balance owed on the account.
Violations of the Terms of Service as stated herein will result in account termination as follows.
First violation
Any Subscriber, which we determine to have violated any element of the TOS, shall receive an email, warning them of the violation. The service may be subject to a temporary suspension or account termination. Service may be restored at our sole discretion after the Subscriber agrees to refrain from any further violations and pays a $25 administration fee.
Additonal Violations
Subscribers that we determine to have committed a second or third violation of any element of this Terms of Service shall be subject to immediate suspension or termination of service. Service may be restored at our sole descretion. The cost of any administration fees is entirely at the discretion of Surfs Global.
Suspension of Service or Cancellation
We reserve the right to suspend network access to any Subscriber if in the judgment of the network administrators the customer’s account is the source or target of the violation of the TOS or for any other reason which we choose. If inappropriate activity is detected, all accounts of the Subscriber in question will be deactivated until an investigation is completed. Prior notification to the Subscriber is not assured. In extreme cases, law enforcement will be contacted regarding the activity.
Surfs Global reserves the right to decline the provision of technical support if a Client has unpaid hosting, or other outstanding amounts for which payment has not yet been received.
Surfs Global reserves the right to classify a project as “abandoned” should no contact be made by the Client for 3 months or more. All abandoned projects will be purged from our servers and a new website package will be quoted in accordance with the current pricing structure.
Any abandoned projects for which a deposit has been paid will not be refunded, and any work completed by Surfs Global remains the property of Surfs Global.
Any extra hours completed by Surfs Global beyond the initial deposit received, will be invoiced to the Client upon the project being marked as “abandoned”. Should the Client fail to pay any and all unpaid invoices due, Surfs Global reserves the right to engage a collection agency and/or sell the abandoned work to recoup monies owing on its behalf.
Should the Client change the scope of the project after initial commencement, all fees paid to Surfs Global in advance will not be refunded to the Client, and any additional outstanding amounts will be payable. Should the client wish to proceed with a new scope, a new package will be quoted by Surfs Global in accordance with the current pricing structure only after all unpaid invoices have been paid in full.
Refunds
Refunds will be provided in accordance with the 30 Day Money Back Guarantee and cancellation policies. Qualified Refunds will be in the form of our company check and will be snail mailed to your billing address within 30 days of your cancellation notice.
Email
The amount of Email storage space per account is limited. Some Email messages may not be processed due to space constraints or outbound message limitations. Domain Email forwarding to third party providers is not allowed. You agree that Surfs Global is not responsible or liable for the deletion or failure to send or store messages or other information. Email storage space and bandwidth for Domains hosted by SGI is calculated cumulatively with the total amount of disc space and bandwidth available to the domain. You acknowledge that all Content is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. This means that you are entirely responsible for all Content that you email or otherwise transmit via Surfs Global’s Email Service. Surfs Global does not control any of the Content transmitted via the Surfs Global Email Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Surfs Global Email Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will Surfs Global be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any delays, loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via the Surfs Global Email Service Surfs Global reserves the right to temporarily shut down the mail servers on occasion for the purpose of maintenance or repairs without notice. User emails in the queue will be stored and delivered once the work has been completed. If you are using our server side MailDefense your email is scanned for virus and spam and will be filtered with our MailDefense program deleting most viruses and over 85% of spam before it reaches your email box, however some viruses or spam may slip through. It is your responsibility to protect your computer with your own antivirus protection software as stated in Your Computer Protection section below.
Your Computer Protection
Your Computer protection is you’re responsibly. Surfs Global is not responsible for the content you download to your Computer via the service. YOU ARE SOLEY RESPONSIBLE TO PROTECT YOUR COMPUTER. You should have an Aniti Virus, Ad Ware, Spy ware, Trojan horse and Malware protection programs installed on your computer BEFORE you access the Internet. If you choose to go on the Internet without proper protection you are entirely responsible for the consequences.
Bandwidth Usage
We provide generous amounts of Bandwidth for the Domain Names hosted on our servers. Bandwidth is calculated by the full amount of traffic coming in to and going out of our servers. Domain traffic is incoming and outgoing of any website file, emails, and any other transmission from/to the web space. We give all Domain Names 1GB of Bandwidth per any given month.
Bandwidth Overages
You are entirely responsible to monitor your domain(s) bandwidth usage via the tools SGI provides in your Plesk interface. If we find your domain(s) using excessive bandwidth you will be billed for bandwidth overage as follows;$5.00/GB per month over the 1GB limit, bandwidth overages must be paid within 5 days from the invoice due date to avoid interruption of service.If your domain(s) consistently exceeds more than 5GB per month the domain(s) must be moved to a dedicated server or moved off our network entirely.
Disk Space Overages
We limit each Domain Name to a set amount of disk space for the expressed intent to serve web documents. This is not intended for an offsite storage area for electronic files. All web pages must be linked with existing files and graphics stored on SGI‘s servers. Hosting accounts found to contain either no HTML documents or large numbers of unlinked files are subject to warning, suspension, or cancellation at the discretion of SGI management. Any Customer violating these policies relating to space abuse will be given 24 hours to remedy the issues to avoid billing for overages. If a domain needs more Disc Space the amount is$5/month per 200MB disc space.
Web Design and Development
Custom web design and development must paid 50% of design quote at contract signing, development will begin once the initial payment is made, and the remaining 50% of total web design due and payable at final upload, except when a payment plan has been authorized. Custom web designs generally take from 2 – 6 weeks. It is the Customer’s responsibility to provide all text, images, etc… to go into their website in a timely manner. If the Customer does not provide the needed material for us to complete your project by the due date the final invoice will be due and payable and you may be charged an additional monthly standby fee. Web designs unpaid net 10 days from the final invoice will be considered late and will accrue a 5% late fee, unpaid net 30 days will be considered in default and all files will be removed from the customer’s domain until final payment has been made plus a $65 re-upload fee. Unpaid net 60 days will result in collection proceedings.
Product sales
All Products, Computer Upgrades and Hourly Labor must be paid at time of order, delivery, service or pickup, except when a payment plan has been authorized.
Support
All customers must submit the online HelpTicket located in your SGI client login area for all support issues with the exception you are not able to get online via your SGI Internet Access account. If you are able to get online you must complete a HelpTicket. If you call for support you must have your help ticket number ready to provide our staff, unless you cannot access the Internet via your SGI Internet Access account. If you are able to get online and you call for support before submitting a HelpTicket our staff will instruct you to complete the help ticket before calling.
Acceptable Use
Spamming
Spamming includes, but is not limited to; the bulk sending of unsolicited messages, or the sending of unsolicited e-mails which provoke complaints from recipients; the sending of junk mail, the use of distribution lists that include people who have not given specific permission to be included in such distribution process, e-mail harassment of another Internet user or users, including but not limited to, transmitting any threatening, libelous or obscene material, or material of any nature which could be deemed to be offensive, and the e-mailing of age- inappropriate communications or content to anyone under the age of 18. Engaging in the practice of sending unsolicited electronic messages may result in termination of the offender’s account and/or access to SGI Network services.
Surfs Global reserves the right to determine, in its sole discretion, whether the customer in violation was willingly participating in the act of spamming. If Surfs Global, the SGI Network, it’s providers or affiliates receive any abuse reports for a customer or determine the customer to be in violation of this policy that customer’s SGI account will be immediately and permanently terminated without notice and in such violation of the service will not receive a refund for any time left on the offenders account if any. Additionally the Customer retains full responsibility for any monetary damages to Surfs Global its subsidiaries, providers or affiliates incurred as a direct consequence of the violation by that customer and the customer will be held responsible to the fullest extent of the governing laws of the respective jurisdictions and/or the state of Illinois
Illegal Activities
Customers shall not use Surfs Global’s Service in a manner, which violates any city, state, national or international law or regulation, or which fails to comply with accepted Internet protocol.
Customers shall not attempt to interfere in anyway with Surfs Global networks or network security, or attempt to use the Surfs Global Service to gain unauthorized access to any other computer system. Customers shall not interfere in anyway with another Customers use of the Surfs Global Service.
Intellectual Property Rights
Any violation of any person’s intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, rights of publicity or other personal rights is prohibited. Surfs Global is required by law to remove or block access to content appearing on or through the Services upon receipt of proper notice of copyright infringement (see “Copyright Infringement Notice Information” below).
Misrepresentation of Transmission Information
Forging, misrepresenting, omitting, or deleting message headers, return mailing information and/or Internet protocol addresses to conceal or misidentify the origin of a message is prohibited.
Viruses and Other Destructive Activities
Use of the Services for creating or sending Internet viruses, worms or Trojan horses, or for pinging, flooding or mail bombing, or engaging in denial of service attacks is prohibited. It is also prohibited for any Customer to engage in other activity that is intended to disrupt or interfere with, or that results in the disruption of or interference with, the ability of others to effectively use the Services (or any connected network, system, service or equipment) or conduct their business over the Internet.
Hacking
“Hacking” and related activities is prohibited. “Hacking” includes, but is not limited to, the following activities: illegally or without authorization, accessing computers, accounts or networks, penetrating or attempting to penetrate security measures, port scans, stealth scans, and other activities designed to assist in hacking.
Export Control Violations
the exportation of encryption software outside of the and/or violations of United States law relating to the exportation of software is prohibited.
Pornography
The use of the Services to store, post, display, transmit, advertise or otherwise make available any type of pornography is strictly prohibited. Surfs Global and/or the SGI Network will immediately delete any website on the service posting material of this nature. Surfs Global is required by law, and will, notify law enforcement agencies when it becomes aware of the presence of child pornography on, or being transmitted through, the Service.
Other Illegal Activities
the use of the Services to engage in any activities that are determined by Surfs Global, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be illegal is prohibited. Such illegal activities include, but are not limited to, storing, posting, displaying, transmitting or otherwise making available ponzi or pyramid schemes, fraudulently charging credit cards or displaying credit card information of third parties without their consent, and failure to comply with applicable on-line privacy laws. Surfs Global will cooperate fully with appropriate law enforcement agencies in connection with any and all illegal activities occurring on or through the Services.
Obscene, Defamatory, Abusive or Threatening Language
Use of the Services determined by Surfs Global, in its sole discretion, to store, post, transmit, display or otherwise make available obscene, defamatory, harassing, abusive or threatening language is prohibited.
Harassment
Use of our service to transmit any material (by e-mail, uploading, posting or otherwise) that harasses another is prohibited.
Other Activities
Engaging in any activity that, in Surfs Global’s sole discretion, disrupts, interferes with or is harmful to (or threatens to disrupt, interfere with, or be harmful to) the Services, Surfs Global’s business, operations, reputation, goodwill, customers and/or customer relations, or the ability of Surfs Global’s customers to effectively use the Services is prohibited. Such prohibited activities include making available any program, product or service that is designed to or could be used to violate this TOS Policy. In addition, the failure by a Customer to cooperate with Surfs Global or the SGI Network in correcting or preventing violations of this TOS Policy by, or that result from the activity of, a customer of the User is a violation of the TOS Policy.
In general, Surfs Global does not monitor its customers’ websites or activities to determine whether they are in compliance with this Usage Policy. However, when Surfs Global becomes aware of any violation of the TOS Policy or its User Agreement, Surfs Global may take any action to stop or correct such violation, including, but not limited to, shutting down a website, denying access to the Services or to the Internet, and/or removing information. In addition, Surfs Global may take action against a user or a customer of such User because of the activities of such customer. Surfs Global reserves the right to take any such action even though such action may affect other customers of the User.
Surfs Global may disclose any information in its possession, including, without limitation, information about Subscribers, internet transmissions and website activity in order to comply with a court order, subpoena, summons, discovery request, warrant, statute, regulation or governmental request, to protect Surfs Global or others from harm, and/or to ensure the proper operation of the Services. Surfs Global has no obligation to notify any person, including the Subscriber about whom information is sought, that Surfs Global has provided the information.
Copyright Notice Infringement Information
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Surfs Global has adopted a policy that provides for termination of websites hosted by Surfs Global that are found to infringe on copyrights of third parties. If a copyright holder believes that there has been a violation of his or her copyright on a website that is hosted by Surfs Global or its subsidiaries, and the copyright holder wants Surfs Global to remove the website or disable the material in question, Surfs Global will remove the website or disable the material if the copyright holder provides us with all of the following information: A signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Identification of the copyrighted work that is claimed is being infringed, or, in the case of claimed infringement of multiple copyrighted works, a representative list of such works.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or is the subject of infringing activity and that should be removed or access to which should be disabled, with information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
A statement that the person giving the notification has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the person giving the notification is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  Please follow these guidelines for claims submissions
Copyrights and Trademarks
Copyright to the finished assembled work of WebPages and/or software produced by Surfs Global is owned by Surfs Global.  For custom websites developed by Surfs Global the client is assigned rights to use as a website the design, graphics, and software developed by Surfs Global and contained in the finished assembled work upon final payment of the customer’s contract as long as the small Surfs Global copyright notice and link to our site remain in the footer of all webpages displaying our work. Rights to photos, graphics, source code, work-up files, and software are specifically not transferred to the client, and remain the property of their respective owners.
B. Repeat Infringers
It is Surfs Global’s policy to provide for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of Surfs Global customers and account holders who repeatedly violate this policy or are repeat infringers of copyrighted works, trademarks or any other intellectual property.
Privacy
We may collect some personally identifiable information about you when you are at any of our sites. Surfs Global may also include information about your visit in collective or aggregated data that does not identify you specifically. Surfs Global is very concerned about privacy and guards your data carefully.
Surfs Global currently does not disclose or sell any personally identifiable information collected at this site to other companies or organizations. In the future, should Surfs Global decide to share its customers personal or transactional data with third parties, it will, in advance, provide notification and the opportunity for its users to indicate whether they would prefer the company not provide the information to third parties.
Our server recognizes your IP address and/or domain name and the pages that you visit. This data is gathered in an aggregate manner for quality control and improvement of our site. We collect your E-mail address when you send E-mail to us so that we can respond to your inquiry. We collect information that you volunteer to us on surveys and registration sites. From time to time Surfs Global may send you information about related products and services. Additionally, internal practices help protect your privacy by limiting employee access to and use of customer data.
At any time you may view and/or update your registered information please use the Help Ticket in your Control Panel’s Help Desk section to request changes or updates to your registration.
All member email addresses, passwords and user names will be kept private and will never be given out. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example on your website, in message boards, through email, or in chat areas – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Policy Changes
Surfs Global has all policies and terms of service posted on this site at all times. We reserve the right to make changes to our policies at anytime. Although Surfs Global does provide customers with reasonable notification of policy changes it is not obligated to do so and such notifications may not always be received by the customer due to circumstances outside of our control, therefore it is each customer’s responsibility to stay informed of new policy changes by visiting this page periodically.
Venue and Governing Law This agreement shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of Tennessee. All disputes shall be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction in Sequachie County, Tennessee
Entire Agreement:
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Surfs Global, Inc… Any oral statements made by a representative of Surfs Global Inc. relating to the product or service shall not be a basis for any WARRANTIES or GUARANTEES of any kind.
Contact Us for a Free Quote
815-232-7598
423-949-3026