https://shaunakelly.com/about/policy.html
Basic conceptsBulletsDevelopmentFormattingLayoutManaging WordNumbering, headings, outlinesSharing documentsStylesTemplatesWord and Excel
Surveys
Results of past surveys
Tags
So many, they won't fit here! See a list of all the article tags.
What's new?
New articles (2011)Recently updated (2011)
Interest
For beginners
For developers
For graphic designers
For managers
For users
Version
Word 2010
Word 2007
Word 2003
Word 2002
Word 2000
About bugs and bug ratings
5 Star bugs
3 Star bugs
1 Star bugs
About
About ShaunaKelly.com
Acknowledgments, disclaimer and copyright information
Privacy policy
Contact
You are here:
ShaunaKelly.com >
Word home > About > Privacy policy
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
This page was added to the shaunakelly.com website by
Lene Fredborg
9-May-2018 in order to comply with
the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This page explains which data is collected from you when using this
website and how the data is used.
The privacy policy and cookie policy described on this page may be
amended from time to time by updating this page.
Latest update: 14-May-2018.
Privacy policy
Personal information is any type of data that can be used to identify a
person. This includes name, postal address, email address, phone number, IP
address, localization data, payment information, browser history, etc.
No personal information is retained
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to
the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the
network to identify your computer. For each visitor to this website, the web server recognizes your IP
address and the pages you request from it. This is part of the normal functioning
of every web server, and necessary for it to return the pages you request. This
information is not normally retained for longer than a few milliseconds.
I do not normally run web server logging. However I might occasionally
enable it for maintenance purposes, for a few hours or days. If I did,
the above information might be written to a log file, which would then be
automatically deleted at the end of the day or the end of the week.
Email addresses
I do not collect or store email addresses via this website.
I will never send email to you except in response to an email from you.
Postal mail
I do not collect or store postal addresses via this website. I do not normally communicate
by post: I will not send, and are not likely to respond to, postal mail.
Telephone numbers
I do not collect or store telephone numbers via this website.
Accessing, removing or correcting Information
I do not collect or store information from you, so I have no information to
access, remove or correct.
Cookies
This website uses cookies. Most websites do this. The cookies are not
used to identify you personally.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in
a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies.
Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but
(to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
A cookie cannot contain any harmful code.
A cookie can be used to remember your actions and preferences (such as
login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of
time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to
the site or browse from one page to another.
How are cookies used on this website?
This website uses cookies:
for statistical purposes, e.g. to count visitors and track how people
use the site in order to be able to best possible optimize how the site
works
How to control cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org.
You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set
most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however,
you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site
and some services and functionalities may not work.
Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites of interest. However, note that once you have used such link to leave this site, I do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, I cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact
Word MVP Lene Fredborg is maintaning this website.
You can
contact Lene Fredborg via the DocTools website if you have questions about this policy.
The creator of ShaunaKelly.com, Shauna Kelly, passed away peacefully on Wednesday November 16, 2011 after a long battle with ovarian cancer.
If you are requesting permission to re-use any information on this site, then you may do so with appropriate acknowledgement of her work.
If her words, thoughts or pictures have helped you, or made money for you, then please consider making a donation in her name to WomenCan (previously Women's Cancer Foundation).
The creator of ShaunaKelly.com, Shauna Kelly, passed away peacefully on Wednesday November 16, 2011 after a long battle with ovarian cancer.
If you are requesting permission to re-use any information on this site, then you may do so with appropriate acknowledgement of her work.
If her words, thoughts or pictures have helped you, or made money for you, then please consider making a donation in her name to WomenCan (previously Women's Cancer Foundation).