https://shop.alphasupply.com/pages/policy/rewards.html
Search
Categories
Package Deals
All Package Deals
CAMEO Deals
FLEX-Soft deals
Mugpress Deals
Sign Vinyl and Cutter Deal
Heat Press, Printer, Cutter COMBO Deals
Cutter and Heat Press Deals
Printer and Heat Press Deals
Rhinestone and Heat Press Deals
Tile Master Deals
Heat Transfer Vinyl
All Heat Transfer Vinyl
Alpha Premium Vinyl
Siser Vinyl
Specialty Material
All Specialty Material
DecoFilm Metallic HTV
DecoSparkle HTV
GlitterFlex Ultra HTV
GlitterFlex2 HTV
ThermoFlex Plus Metal Flake HTV
ThermoFlex Plus Neon Colors HTV
ThermoFlex Plus HTV
ThermoFlex PLUS Glossy HTV
ThermoFlex Plus Sport HTV
ThermoFlex Xtra HTV
GlitterFlex Ultra Opaque HTV
LuminousFlex Glow in the Dark
FashionFlex
Foil Supplies
Decorative Patterns
Heat Applied Flock
Sign Vinyl & Supplies
All Sign Vinyl & Supplies
Sign Vinyl (indoor/outdoor)
NEON Sign Vinyls
Self Adhesive Glitter
Printable Vinyl
Banner Material
Transfer Tape
Heat Press Machines
All Heat Press Machines
INSTA GRAPHIC HEAT PRESS
Knight Heat Press
All Knight Heat Press
Air Automatic Heat Presses
Bottom Heated Presses
Cap press
Clamshell Heat Presses
Digtal Combo Swing-Away Heat Presses
Heat Press Acc.
Heat Press Stand
Mug Press
Small Label Presses
Small Portable Heat Presses
Swing-Away Heat Presses
Stahls' Heat Press
All Stahls' Heat Press
Air Operated Swingers
Auto Open Digital Clamshell's
Cap Presses and Cap Platens
Clamshell's
Digital Clamshell's
Draw Table Press
Heat Press Acc.
Label Presses
Mug press
Portable Presses
Swing Away Presses
Pre-owned Heat Press Machines
Mate Heat Presses
Mug Wraps
Press Accessories
All Press Accessories
Felt for doing Tiles
Heat Tape and Dispenser
Printing Systems
All Printing Systems
Sublimation Printers
Transfer Ink Printers
Cutters/Plotters
Flex-Soft (No-Cut) Weedless Laser Transfer Sheets
Large Format Printers
Large Format Heat Presses
Notch/Cut/Punch
Heat Transfer Paper
All Heat Transfer Paper
Alpha Double Red
Transfer Paper
Alpha Gold Dark
Jet-Pro SofStretch
Silver Opaque
Sample Packs
Pressing Sheets
Transfer Inks
All Transfer Inks
TransMagic! 4
TransMagic! P5
Inks & Systems
Sublimation Ink, Toner & Paper
All Sublimation Ink, Toner & Paper
Sublimation Process Information
Laser Sublimation
InkJet Sublimation
All InkJet Sublimation
Inkjet Sublimation Paper
Bag Refills
All Bag Refills
Bag Refills for the C88/C120/WF30
Bag Refills for the Stylus Photo 1400
Bag Refills for WF1100/WF7010
Sublimation Bottle Refills
All Sublimation Bottle Refills
ArTainium Ink - 125ml
ArTainium Ink - 250ml
TransMagic S 125ml
Cartridges
All Cartridges
ArTainium UV+
SubliJetR
Sublimation Blanks
All Sublimation Blanks
MATES Sublimation Blanks
Mousepads, Coasters and Placemats
Tools & Software
All Tools & Software
Tools & Accessories
Alignment Tools
Software
T-Shirts and other Apparel
Uniform Numbers
PTFE Non-Stick Protectors
Heat Tape and Dispenser
Warranty
Popular Brands
Alpha Premium Vinyl
SawGrass
Geo Knight
HIX
Stahls
Forever
TransMagic!
ASC Technology
Siser
Graphtec
View All
Recent Posts
SGIA's spring addition for all things design, print, and artists.SGIA Spring Addition
…
read more
16th May 2019 Kate Achepohl
…
read more
11th Jun 2018
…
read more
4th Jun 2018
Home
Policy
Alpha Select Club Rewards terms and conditions
Alpha Select Club Rewards terms and conditions
Alpha Select Membership and VIP Membership Terms and Conditions
How Membership Rewards Work:
Members will receive a ten percent (10%) credit for every dollar spent over the web on Alpha Supply Products. The rewards credit will be available for use immediately after your order is fulfilled and shipped by our warehouse. Rewards shall be issued in the form of an online store credit. The online store rewards credit will have NO cash value and can only to be used on products from Alpha Supply. The rewards credit may not be exchanged for cash from Alpha Supply or from any other Supplier. Alpha Select Rewards may not be traded or gifted to any other party/parties and are exclusive to the member. Alpha Supply will provide members with an electronic statement showing the rewards credit earned from the prior quarter. Members must use their rewards credit within six months (180 days) of issue date. All in store rewards credits that are not used after 6 months (180 days) will expire and cannot be redeemed.
Alpha Supply has the right to change, add or remove Products for business reasons. This could result in changes to Members points.
Cancellation and Refund Policy:
You may cancel your VIP Membership at any time, but the membership benefits will remain in effect until the anniversary of the membership. Unless cancelled before the 5th of each month, all VIP Memberships will automatically bill again for the following year. There are no refunds available for any membership charges billed and paid. Your membership is nontransferable.
Alpha Supply expressly reserves the right to refuse membership to anyone at its sole discretion. Payments and Enrollment in Alpha Select VIP membership Policy:
Alpha Select VIP Membership Enrollment $9.99 recurring monthly or $99.99 annual.
Alpha Supply will bill your account upon membership signup and on the 5th business day monthly or yearly anniversary after that. You may have a card saved, a repeat check by phone (using your account # and routing. You MUST be a Select member at the time of reward redemption. If your card on file does not function properly or is otherwise not usable, Alpha Supply will contact you via email using the contact information you provide. If we are unable to collect any membership fees owed by you within seven (7) business days, Alpha Supply reserves the right to terminate your Alpha Select VIP membership.
All Alpha Select VIP Membership Fees, are subject to change upon thirty days (30) written notice, including the posting of such price change on the Company’s website terms and conditions. Further, Alpha Supply reserves the right to change the Alpha Select and Alpha Select VIP Membership terms and conditions and policies at any time without prior written notice.
Warranties & Representations.
You understand and agree that Alpha Supply Company will not be held liable for any consequential, incidental, general, direct or indirect economic or other damages. You warrant and represent that you have authorization or permission for any content or information that you post or provide as a member. You license Alpha Supply Company the nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, worldwide rights to reproduce, communicate, edit, adapt or otherwise use any content or information you provide Alpha Supply Company under this membership rewards program, including but not limited to, those uses described in these Terms and Conditions. You also consent to your content or information being altered, edited or adapted for such uses, or to ensure your content does not infringe these terms or breach the law, as Alpha Supply sees fit.
Use of Information:
Alpha Supply is committed to the privacy of its Alpha Select Members and you agree to be bound, in addition to these Terms and Conditions, by Alpha Supply’s privacy policy. Subject to exceptions in these Terms and Conditions, and specifically in this Use of Information Section, all personally identifiable information provided by Members is used only as they direct. However, Alpha Supply Company reserves the right at its sole discretion to use all Alpha Select Member information for its own marketing purposes, either directly or indirectly, to the Alpha Members. Alpha Supply Company also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to provide its Alpha Select Members’ information to Alpha Supply Company’s Preferred Suppliers so that the Preferred Supplier may contact the Member directly to inform or assist them with any specific Member benefits provided by that Supplier. Additionally, Alpha Supply reserves the right to sell or provide all non-personally identifiable information to Third Parties.
How We Use Your Information:
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe above, we may use information that we receive to: help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our website; provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing from either us or our Preferred Supplier partners; provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Membership Program; develop and test new products and features; monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; or diagnose or fix technology problems.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third party advertising partners and Preferred Supplier partners. This information would allow third party ad networks or the Preferred Supplier partners to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with other information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information.
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose through the Alpha Select Membership Programs for posting to the website becomes available to the public. Once you have shared such information or make it public, that information may be re shared by others. Any information that you make public is searchable by other members. If you remove information that you posted to the Alpha Supply website, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the website.
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
Information We Collect:
We collect the following types of information: information you provide us directly, including, your username, password, and email address when you register for the Alpha Select Membership program; profile information that you provide (e.g., first and last name, picture, phone number); Information (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you submit as part of your contact information; communications between you and Alpha Supply, for example, we may send you Alpha Select Membership program related emails (e.g., account verification, changes/updates to features of the Alpha Select Program, technical and security notices).
Analytics information. We may use third party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Membership Rewards Program. These tools collect information sent by you or our Rewards program, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the program. We may collect and use this analytics information.
Cookies and similar technologies. When you visit the Alpha Supply website through the Membership Rewards Program, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use the website and to provide features to you. We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or by the third party.
Device identifiers. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our website, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Alpha Supply. A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the website and the Alpha Select Membership Program and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads.
Copyright Warrant and Representation:
You warrant and represent that none of the content or information that you submit or contribute, as a Alpha Select Member is copyright protected or otherwise restricted from general use by Alpha Supply.
Restrictions and Obligations:
In becoming a Alpha Select Member, you agree that you will not: (a) post, disseminate or transmit unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities who have not agreed to be part of such mailings;
(b) omit, delete, forge or misrepresent transmission information, including headers, return mailing and Internet Protocol addresses, or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any content; (c) impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent an affiliation with any person or entity; (d) engage in any activities intended to withhold or cloak identity or contact information; (e) send harassing and/or threatening messages to others; or (f) post excessive responses to interactive features or functions of the Service.
You agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and appropriateness of any and all content that you contribute to Alpha Supply. You agree you are responsible for your own communications and that you will not post, disseminate or transmit any content that: (a) is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, obscene, harmful, tortuous, libelous, or invasive of another's privacy; (b) infringes or violates any party's copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other proprietary right including, but not limited to, using third-party copyrighted materials without appropriate permission, using third-party trademarks without appropriate permission or attribution, and using or distributing third-party information protected as a trade secret in violation of a duty of confidentiality; (c) you do not have the right to disseminate or transmit under law, or contractual or fiduciary relationships; or (d) contains personally identifiable information belonging to minors.
Other Websites and Services:
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from the Alpha Supply website that a Alpha Select Member provides us as part of their contact information, including the information or content contained within that website. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website or service, our policies do not apply to those third party websites or services. An Alpha Select member’s browsing and interaction on any third party website or service, including those that have a link on our website that has been provided by a member, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that Alpha Supply is not responsible and does not have control over any third parties that you authorize to access any of your information.
Confidentiality:
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and login information. Your Alpha Supply membership is non-transferable.
Miscellaneous:
Attorneys’ Fees. In the event of any legal action or proceeding initiated by either party to enforce these Terms and Conditions or any of its provisions, or in connection with any alleged dispute, breach, default, interpretation, or misrepresentation in connection with any provision contained in these Terms and Conditions, the non-prevailing party will pay the prevailing party’s reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in connection with such action or proceeding. These costs include, but are not limited to, the costs of pursuing or defending any legal action that may include an appeal, discovery, or negotiation and preparation of settlement arrangements.
The effective date of these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions are effective when you submit a membership rewards application to Alpha Supply.
Governing law; venue; waiver of the jury trial; and attorney fees. This agreement is to be governed by the law of the State of Tennessee. Venue for any action will be Davidson County Superior Court. The parties intentionally waive the right of a jury trial, in any litigation arising under this agreement.
Time Limit on Claims. You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your membership must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise you are permanently barred.
OK