https://shop.smalldog.com/privacy-policy.html
menu displaysearch displayWish List
Shop Apple
Clearance
Home Automation
Accessories
Government
Blog
Store
Contact Us
Home/Page - Privacy Policy
Small Dog Electronics Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy when using our website is important to us. Please note how your data will be used.
Data for Payment
The shopping cart may collect the following shopper information for credit card processing:
Name
Email
Address (billing and/or shipping)
IP
The information is collected so that payment can bQe processed and shipping can occur. The payment data will be shared with a payment processor as well as the order total and possibly order details such as the products ordered. Payment processors include:
TSYS Genius Checkout
Apple Pay
PayPal Checkout
Data for Shipping
In order to ship a physical good, a shipping address is needed as well as product weight, box sizes, and order totals. This information will be shared with UPS, U.S. Postal Service.
Data for Analytics
Pages browsed will be logged by the Web Server. The information tracked and logged will include your IP.
Data collected when browsing the store
Your IP and cookie data will be shared with Facebook should you click on their links.
Data Collected when Registering
When you register for an account we collect your Name and Email and when you checkout we store your Billing Address, Shipping Address, and Order Details to enable easy check out the next time you order.
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored by your browser on your device. They are used to remember preferences and improve the browsing and checkout experience. Our shopping cart uses the following cookies:
Shopping Basket Cookie — sets a basket ID to correlate to your temporary shopping cart file. (remains for up to 7 days)
Mini Cart Cookie — contains a list of products you have added to your cart. Used for displaying your shopping basket while you browse store pages. (remains for up to 7 days)
Shopper Cookie — saves email, billing address and shipping address so that the next time you check out your address information is already populated. This cookie is created when you submit an order. (is kept for 1 year)
Customer Registration Cookie — contains your name and whether or not you are logged in. (remains for up to 20 minutes)
Data Retention
Orders — When an order is completed the order information (including email, name, address, products, shipping method, etc.) is stored in a database. That information remains for up to one year.
Customer Registration — Your orders and addresses will remain until you delete them in your account.
Data Retention
Orders — Contact us to remove order data.
Customer Registration — Contact us to remove your account.
Cookies — Cookies can be cleared by you. The method used depends on the browser and device. See wikiHow for more information.
Fulfilling Data Requests
Contact us if you need a copy of your Orders or Customer Registration data.
Apple Pay is not available in all markets. For a list of Apple Pay countries and regions, click here.
Person to person payments and Apple Cash are available only in the U.S. on iPhone SE, iPhone 6 or later, iPad Pro, iPad (5th generation or later), iPad Air 2 or later, iPad mini 3 or later, and Apple Watch.
To send and receive money with Apple Pay or receive the Apple Cash card, you must be 18 and a U.S. resident. Services provided by Green Dot Bank, member FDIC. Security checks may require more time to make funds available.
Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages.
Some features require specific hardware and software. For more information, see “Feature Requirements“ at www.apple.com/macos/how-to-upgrade.
Specials
Services
Privacy Policy
Careers
Return Policy