https://sierra.openprivacy.org/
Essentials:
Overview
Design
Packages:
Nym
Reputation
RCE
Query
Communications
Store
Resources:
Download
Javadoc
Talon
Sierra
An OpenPrivacy
Reputation Management Framework
Overview:
Sierra provides a reference implementation for the components of an
OpenPrivacy Reputation Management Framework (RMF) resulting in a complete
Reputation Management System (RMS).
Based on Talon components, Sierra
incorporates a high level of modularity and atomicity, resulting in a
flexible fabric that will enable easy component upgrades as experience with
the system grows.
Sierra aims to free developers of an RMF from being concerned with
external issues such as communication protocols and framework design.
Further, Sierra introduces the concept of a Reputation Calculation
Engine (RCE) that enables abstracting basic reputation issues
(accumulation, persistence, composition, etc).
Sierra developers are encouraged to review the Talon project and its
associated documentation.
Advantages:
Transparent, network aware, and communicates with other Reputation
Management Frameworks via any communications protocol.
Works with any network architecture including P2P, client-server, and
stand alone configurations.
Reputation persistence is handled by Sierra and the Store framework.
Reputation calculation algorithms can be plugged into the framework and
their persistence mechanism can be changed without having to rewrite the
RCE.
Sierra's Plug-in based infrastructure mechanism means that new
communications protocols, nym management mechanisms, etc can be added to
Sierra without rewriting applications that use Sierra.
Utilizes the Talon component
system.
Provides a standardized RMF which can be used across all systems.
Written in Java and portable across all Operating Systems and Java
Virtual Machines.
Should also run on the GNU Java Compiler when GCC 3.0
is available (eta Q2, 2001).
Dual licensed under the GPL and BSD style.
This allows Sierra to be
used within projects from the Free Software Foundation and the Apache
Software Foundation, as well as many others.
Commercial projects may also
use Sierra as the BSD license is very flexible in this respect.
Summary of Packages
The component interfaces that Sierra implements are described in separate
sections.
A brief outline follows:
Nym Manager
Handles identity.
Creates, manages, authenticates, and validates
the pseudonymous certificates that are core to a Reputation Management
Framework.
The Reputation Object
A pseudonymously signed, general purpose object that adds (or
subtracts) Reputation Capital to (from) a referenced object.
The Reputation Calculation Engine (RCE)
An abstraction used to put, get, compose and otherwise perform
calculations with reputations.
Many online communities and
collaborative environments have something resembling an RCE at their
core.
The Query Package
Provides a cross platform package/architecture for offloading data
query and indexing to the appropriate facility/subsystem.
The Communications (RCE) Interface
Transparently provides communications with peers.
Storage Manager
An abstraction providing a Reputation persistence mechanism.
Future Directions:
Support other languages besides Java.
Integration with C++, C, and
Python is needed if Sierra is going to achieve ubiquity.
Status:
Sierra is currently in development mode and we encourage other developers to get
involved.
Sierra implements the
OpenPrivacy
Reputation Management Framework