http://sight2k.com/legal/policy/
HomeProductsServicesSupportFeedbackAbout
LegalLegal NoticesPrivacy PolicyContact Us
Privacy Policy
Sight2k respects your privacy and is committed to the protection of it. This privacy policy explains why and when we collect your personal information, and what use we make of that information. The policy also explains the security measures used by Sight2k to help protect your personal information.
This privacy policy applies to Sight2k Web sites, products, and services.
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you ("personal information") or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you register for a product/service or when you provide information in connection with an online transaction.
Registration process: When you register, we ask you for your email address and product id (serial number). We also may ask you for your name and shipping address (if you order a CD delivery).
Newsletter subscription: When you subscribe for email newsletter, we ask you for your email address only.
Correspondence: If you contact the Sight2k, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We do not collect any email addresses of those who communicate with the Sight2k via email. We use the information provided so that we may respond to the email.
Like other major Web sites, we use cookies to provide you with a tailored experience in visiting our Web site and using our products and services (a cookie does not contain any personal information). The use of cookies are not required for you, but it does enable us to build a better Web site by recording how and when guests use our Web site and to better serve you when you return to our Web site. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, but if you do, you might not be able to take full advantage of our Web site.
We may collect your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to help identify you and your time spent at our Web site, and to administer our Web site. We do not use it for any other purposes. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means, for instance, that a visitor's session will be tracked, but the visitor will remain anonymous.
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of Sight2k products and services anonymously. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration. Only the domain name from which you access the Internet, the Internet address and the date and time you access our Web site are logged.
Security
Sight2k has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. Sight2k uses physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect any personally identifiable data stored on its computers. Only authorized employees have access to the information you provide us. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take many precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Any particularly sensitive information, such as a credit card number used to purchase products, is handled and processed by well approved companies (PayPal, BlueSnap, and MyCommerce) and never by Sight2k itself.
For more information on PayPal (https://www.paypal.com/privacy), BlueSnap (http://www.bluesnap.com/ecommerce/legal/privacy-policy), and MyCommerce (http://www.mycommerce.com/privacy-policy), please visit their Web sites.
Data Retention
Sight2k will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected.
Accessing and Updating Information
We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct and up-to-date. Please feel free to notify us of changes to your personal information.
You may change any of your personal information at any time or request to be removed by sending us an online message.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. LANDesk encourages parents to go online with their kids. Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:
Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for Web site privacy policies. Know how your child's information is treated.
Feedback
We can collect user feedback, and we cull testimonials that appear on the site from our feedback form, but only after we have duly informed and obtained permission from the senders.
Network Traffic
Live Update: UniTest System or iGiveTest, using live update feature, can automatically communicate with Sight2k servers on the Internet to check for updates to the software, such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced functions, missing plug-ins, and new versions. Live update also has the capability to perform background update checks. If you prefer to turn off this feature and/or check for updates manually, follow these steps: Open Settings module and de-select "Automatically check for software updates".
Live update sends no personal information.
Online Unlock Option: When you buy and install UniTest System, we will offer you the option to unlock your copy online.
Only a product id (serial number) is sent for our servers to prepare an unlock key for you. No personal information is sent.
Visit Sight2k Web Sites: You have the option to visit Sight2k Web Sites from UniTest System directly by clicking links or selecting appropriate menu items (for example, "Sight2k Home Page" from the Help menu).
No personal information is sent.
Linked Web Sites
We provide links to third-party Web sites. Since we do not control these Web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) third-party sites.
Protect Yourself
Search the Web for as much information as you can about how to protect your privacy. Look for a privacy policy on the Web sites you visit. There are some privacy resources you can start from:
TRUSTe - Independent, non-profit organization to build trust and confidence in the Internethttp://www.truste.org
EPIC.org - Electronic Privacy Information Centerhttp://www.epic.org
Online Privacy Alliancehttp://www.privacyalliance.org
It is also a good idea to use encryption programs. You can use PGP (http://www.pgp.com) or another program.
Updates
Sight2k may update this policy from time to time so please check back periodically. All updates to this policy will be posted here. Last update: May 25, 2013.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us by sending an online message, by emailing privacy
sight2k.com, or by sending a letter to Sight2k, #101 - 1001 W. Broadway Suite 381, Vancouver, BC V6H 4E4, Canada.
Home :: News :: Products :: Services :: Support :: Feedback :: AboutCopyright © 2001-2018 Sight2k. All Rights Reserved.Legal Notices | Privacy Policy | Contact Us