http://siliconmechanics.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Silicon Mechanics Privacy Statement and Terms of Use
Home
Privacy Policy
Silicon Mechanics Privacy Policy
Silicon Mechanics takes your privacy very seriously, and is committed to
protecting all personal information you have provided us. This Privacy Statement is
intended to explain how we gather information on our website and how we manage
this information.
Information We Collect
Some functions of the Silicon Mechanics website require you to provide personal
information. This information is collected either to establish a direct means
of communication with you, or to enable certain functionality on the website.
This information is protected by 256-bit encryption when submitted through the
website. Once collected, this information is kept in a secure database. Your
personal information will never be shared, rented, or sold to outside parties.
Website Cookies
The Silicon Mechanics website utilizes cookies for certain website
functionality, but these cookies never contain personal information.
E-Mail Subscriptions
Periodically, you may receive email from Silicon Mechanics regarding press
releases, new products, upcoming trade shows, promotions, or other such information.
Your participation in these mailings is strictly optional. Every such email
sent to you will contain links at the bottom that allow you to manage your
subscription or permanently unsubscribe from all future mailings.
Questions, Issues, or Concerns
If you have any questions or issues regarding this policy, you are welcome to
contact us at support@siliconmechanics.com, or by phone at 866-352-1173.
The Terms of Use for SiliconMechanics.com
The materials on this site are provided "as is", without any express
or implied warranty of any kind, including warranties of mechantability, fitness
for any particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property.
In no event shall Silicon Mechanics or its suppliers be liable for any damages
whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, business
interruption, or loss of information) arising out of use of or inability to use
the materials, or the use of this site -- even if Silicon Mechanics has been
advised of the possibility of such damages.
Silicon Mechanics and its suppliers further do not warrant the accuracy or
completeness of the information, text, graphics, links, or other items contained
within these materials. Silicon Mechanics may make changes to these materials and
products at any time without notice. Silicon Mechanics makes no commitment to
update these materials.
Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for
implied warranties and/or consequential or incidental damages. Therefore, the above
limitations may not apply to you. If your use of the materials, information, or
services from this site results in the need for servicing, correction, or repair
of data or equipment, you assume all costs thereof.
Expert IncludedOur experts can survey the complex technology landscape and develop a solution that fits your unique needs. Read more about our Expert Included approach, or contact us now to get started.Contact Us