http://sitestar.net/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
By using Sitestar.net's internet services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Sitestar.net is committed to respecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Guidelines below and applicable law. However, you acknowledge that the Internet is not a secure medium where privacy and confidentiality can be guaranteed and that complete security and confidentiality of transmissions over the Internet is not possible at this time. Your confidential use of Sitestar.net's internet services cannot be guaranteed and you acknowledge that your use of the site (including information you transmit to the site) may be subject to access or manipulation by, or disclosure to, third parties. Sitestar.net shall not be responsible or liable for any damages that you or any other person may suffer in connection with any such breach of privacy, confidentiality or security.
If you are provided with a user name and password to access the Internet or your email, you agree to be liable for all uses of your user name and password, including unauthorized use without your consent, and you acknowledge that Sitestar.net shall not be responsible to confirm the actual identity or authority of any user. Instructions provided pursuant to such user name and password shall constitute sufficient authority to Sitestar.net to execute any transactions directed thereunder. You agree to notify Sitestar.net immediately should the confidentiality of your user name and password be in jeopardy.
PRIVACY GUIDELINES
These privacy guidelines describe our commitment to privacy, and explain the principles that guide us in protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. Personal information is non-public information about an identifiable individual that you have provided us.
Sitestar.net, its directors, officers and employees, and other persons and organizations who act for, or on behalf of, the company, are required to comply with these privacy guidelines.
Access to personal information is restricted to directors, officers, employees, and other persons or organizations acting for, or on behalf of, the company, who need the information in order to provide services to you or Sitestar.net. This would include collection agents if we place your account for collection for non-payment.
OUR PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
Accountability - Sitestar.net is responsible for personal information in its control. The company has established these privacy guidelines, and procedures and practices, to safeguard such personal information. Consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information may be express or implied, as appropriate. Individuals may withdraw their consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions.
Collection - The company only collects personal information that is related to providing services to you. Personal information is collected directly from the individual, and may, with consent or as otherwise allowed by law, be collected from other sources. Sitestar.net may set and access a Sitestar.net cookie on your computer.
Use, disclosure and retention - Personal information is not, without your consent, used or disclosed to a third party for any purpose other than that for which it was first collected by Sitestar.net, unless such use or disclosure is required. This may include use or disclosure in order to comply with court ordered or legal process, or to protect Sitestar.net's interests in civil proceedings and in proceedings involving criminal activity, fraud or misrepresentation. Sitestar.net retains personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the original purpose or as otherwise required or allowed by law.
Accuracy - Sitestar.net uses reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information is accurate and complete for the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguards - We protect the security and confidentiality of personal information with safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
Individual access - An individual may request to be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of personal information pertaining to him or her. Sitestar.net will provide appropriate access to such information that it holds. If we determine not to provide access to personal information, we will provide an explanation. Individuals may request the correction of personal information the company holds about them, and if we find that what we have is incorrect, we will correct it.
Our communications to you - We reserve the right to send you communications relating to the Sitestar.net service, such as service announcements and administrative messages, that are considered part of your Sitestar.net account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.