http://sitesupra.com/en/privacy-policy/
SiteSupra - high-class free responsive website builder
Tour
Pricing
Blog
Help
Sign up
Sign in
Privacy Policy1. IntroductionSiteSupra SIA (company registration number: 40103624765, legal address: Baznicas iela 35, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia) a company registered and operating under the laws of Latvia (“SiteSupra”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respects your privacy and complies with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This policy regarding our privacy practices (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect and use your personal data when you visit and use the Services of our website available at: http://www.sitesupra.com/ (“Web Site”). When you sign up and use our Web Site and Services, you are consenting to the processing of your personal data. “Personal data” means information relating to you or another identified or identifiable natural person.We will not sell, lease, or exchange your personal data to, or otherwise share your personal data with, third parties in ways other than described in this Privacy Policy. By using Web Site, including services available at the sitesupra.com domains, you are using a service provided by SiteSupra. (collectively, the “Service”) and you agree to be bound by the Web Site Terms and Conditions of Service and this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy and not otherwise defined may be defined in the Web Site Terms and Conditions. This Privacy Policy only addresses activities from our servers.Please note that this Privacy Policy does not govern what our Web Site Users do on their own sites created as a result of using Services.If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not use our Services or provide SiteSupra with your personal data.2.	Information We Collect2.1.	Registration: When you register with our Web Site, during registration process, we will collect an email address your first and last name, and a password from you. You may, at your option, also store your social media credentials as part of your account with our Service.2.2.	Paid account:  If you choose to continue service with SiteSupra via a paid account, we will collect the following personal data from you: credit card number, credit card expiration date, and postal code, and keep this information on file in our secure server in order to process your recurring invoices. You may, at your option, also provide your company name, full billing address and phone number. This information is used to verify credit card authenticity, and process payments as per your applicable service agreement. 2.3.	Server Logs: When you access our Services online, our web servers automatically create records of your visit. These records typically include IP-address, access times, the sites linked from, pages visited, the links and features used, the content viewed or requested, browser or application type, and other such information. See also our Information on Cookies below (Section 7). 3.	How We Use Your Personal DataWe collect the aforementioned personal data in order to provide you with a service that allows you to maintain an online presence. Various features in our Web Site management system will, at your discretion, display your name, or adjust the date and time of events based on your location. We also use information collected through its Service to send out notifications regarding service related issues (such as maintenance periods, billing problems, account expirations, and other items that may impact service). We do not send contact information unless the matter is deemed urgent, and most communication will occur through your account. We also may use and disclose your information to our third party service providers in order  to send you messages regarding new services or other products from SiteSupra. Information collected through our service logs is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Web Site traffic. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.4.	Sharing Your Personal Data 4.1.	Your information is never shared, leased or given to any third parties in ways other than disclosed in this Privacy Policy. 4.2.	We may share your personal data if we have your consent to do so.4.3.	You may access third party services through the using of our services, for example by clicking on externally-pointing links. You may also choose to share information that you have created in our Web Site, with those third party services (for example, by syndicating posts to Twitter or Facebook). This Privacy Policy only governs information we collect and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services' privacy policies.4.4.	We may be obligated by mandatory law to disclose your personal data to certain authorities or other third parties, for example, to law enforcement agencies in the countries where we operate. We may also disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable law to defend SiteSupras’s legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.4.5.	We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our marketing partners. This information does not identify individual users. This information contains statistics related to traffic and the geographic location of our customers. We also may share aggregated user information with third parties who help us to analyze our user base to improve the Service. 4.6.	SiteSupra employs third-party service providers to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include credit card processing, email service providers, analyzing data, providing customer service. These service providers have access to personal information needed to perform such functions on our behalf.5.	The Privacy of ChildrenSiteSupra Services are intended for users over the age of 18. SiteSupra does not knowingly collect information of children without the consent of their parents or guardians or any information from anyone under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.6.	The Quality of Personal DataWe take reasonable steps to keep the personal data we possess accurate and to delete incorrect or unnecessary personal data. We encourage you to access your personal data through your account to ensure that it is up to date.  7.	Cookies Cookies are pieces of text that may be sent to and saved by your web browser when you access our Web Site; your web browser stores these cookies in a way associated with each website you visit, and you can see your cookies through your browser settings. We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you use our services. Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain information that personally identifies you, and we don't combine the general information collected through cookies with other such information to tell us who you are. However, we do use cookies to identify that you have logged in and that your web browser has accessed aspects of the services, and we may associate that information with your account if you have one. This information, in turn, is sometimes used to personalize your experiences on the services.Most web browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your web browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. Please note that this Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties.8.	Security of Personal DataWe store all user information in secure databases protected via a variety of industry-standard access controls. Secure passwords, SSL encryption, disk-based encryption, firewalls, and other measures are in place that helps us to protect your personal data. However, no company, including SiteSupra, can fully eliminate security risks associated with the transmission of personal information through online transactions, and you do so at your own risk.9.	Your RightsYou have a right to know what personal data we hold about you. You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data deleted or updated. You have a right to request that we stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes or on other compelling legal grounds.10.	Changes to Our Privacy PolicySiteSupra may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. 11. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: info@sitesupra.com
Location
SiteSupra SIA, LV40103624765Baznicas 39-5, Riga, LV-1010, Latvia
vasb@fvgrfhcen.pbz
SiteSupra
About
Features
For Press
Follow us on
Facebook
Twitter
Terms of service             Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2018 SiteSupra SIA