http://skincrafter.com/privacy-policy
Skin Engine
Products
Download
Order
Gallery
Support
Products
SkinCrafter
SkinBuilder
SkinCrafter Installer
NSIS SkinCrafter Plugin
Samples
C++ Skins
C# Skins
VB.NET Skins
Visual Basic Skins
Delphi Skins
CBuilder Skins
PowerBuilder Skins
Video samples
Feature Tour
Apply skins simply
Development Languages
Supported controls
Semitransparency
Hue/Saturation feature
Animated Push Buttons
SkinCrafter. Privacy Policy
SkinCrafter holds the privacy and security of our site visitors in the highest regard. The following information explains the type of information gathered on our sites and how that information is used.
SkinCrafter has generated this privacy policy regarding information gathered from our customers on this web site. The purpose of this policy is to establish methods to communicate the use and handling of the information collected from our customers.
Company will use the Registration and Profile Information only to provide the requested services and to customize your experience using the Site. Company uses diligent efforts to prevent unauthorized access to Registration Information. All such information is kept private, and not sold or transferred to third parties. It is used exclusively for our internal purposes.
We use your email address to contact you in case of any problems you faced with and provide you appropriate support services only. We don’t add your e-mail to any mailing list and do not sell, rent or loan it to third parties.
As a user of the Site, we may collect certain information about you, including your Internet address. The information gathered from your Internet address is logged to help diagnose and fix any technical problems that you may encounter and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of our services.
The Site may contain links to other sites. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. You will need to check the policy statement of such other sites to understand their policies. In interacting with such sites you may be sharing private information with such site.
We hope you are assured that our company do its best to maintain your privacy and online security and will not knowingly violate your privacy. If you have questions concerning your privacy on our site, please direct questions to our Contact forum
Partnership Programs
Privacy Policy
Promotion Materials
© 2020
DMSoft Technologies. All rights reserved