http://small-business-websites.co.uk/legal/privacy.asp
Small Business Websites
website design and hosting
introduction
web design
design enquiry
web hosting
contact us
privacy policy
General
Small Business Websites are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains what information we collect about
users of our web site and describes how we will use it.
What information do we collect?
Small Business Websites collects the following:
details you provide on registration
information we learn about you from your use of our service
data gathered from your visits to the site and other sites accessible from our web site
information about the transactions you undertake
details of the payments you make
We use secure server software (SSL) to protect your data.
We may collect additional information :
in connection with your participation in any promotions or competitions offered by our web site
provided by you when submitting a customer review
Please tell us immediately if any of your personal details (name,
address etc.) change, so that we can ensure our records are up to date.
What do we do with the information we collect?
We will use the information:
to manage your account with us
for administering membership of our service
We will monitor your use of our web site in order to identify
customer preferences and track the volume of traffic on particular
pages.
Marketing
We may use your information to notify you about changes to the
functionality of our web site. We may send you offers or information
which we think you may be interested in.
We may contact you by post, fax, email or telephone. If at any time
you decide you no longer want to be contacted by us or to receive
offers and information from Small Business Websites, please contact us and we will remove you from our mailing list.
Disclosures of your information
We will not sell, trade or rent information about you to others.
Transferring information overseas
We will not transfer your information outside the European Economic Area.
What about cookies?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored on your
computer's hard drive by your browser. Small Business Websites
does not make use of cookies that contain any personally
identifiable information.
Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. If you want
to know how to do this please look at the help menu on your browser.
You do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to use
our service.
Security
As required by the Data Protection Act 1998, we follow strict
security procedures and take appropriate measures to ensure that the
information about you is not damaged or destroyed, or disclosed to a
third party without your permission and to prevent unauthorised access
to it. This means that we may require you to co-operate with our
security checks before we can disclose information to you.
Access rights
You have the right to access the personal data that is held about you.
terms and conditions
privacy policy
Copyright © 1999-2020 Small Business Websites