https://smartpctools.com/privacy-policy/
Smart PC Solutions > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Respecting your Privacy
Are you concerned about your privacy? Doing business together requires some sharing of information. Set out below is our Privacy Policy, explaining what information we collect and why, what we do with it and how we protect you.
What information we collect and why?
Registration, download and purchase
To access certain areas of the smartpctools.com website (specially to download or to buy), you will first be asked to complete a form to either download a trial version, a free software title, or to create an account before buying any of our products.
Registration
During registration, you may be required to provide your contact information, such as your name, email address, postal address, payment information and to choose a password.
It’s very important that you submit a working email address because that that is where we’ll send your purchase confirmation, download links, activation keys, support and product notices. When an email address is not working, the associated password might be deactivated by Smart PC Solutions.
Purchase
When buying a product on the site, you will be asked for your contact details and billing and shipping information. This data will be used to process the order, to get the payment through the credit card verification process, and to ship the item(s) you ordered. If there is a problem with the order, a Smart PC Solutions representative may contact you by email, phone, fax or post. A confirmation email is sent for each purchase to the address you give us – so if you have a few addresses take a moment to remember which one you give us.
Download
When downloading a trial version or a free software program, you will be asked for contact information, including your email address. You will receive email messages related to this transaction such as to provide you with download links, activation keys, support notices and upgrades for the software.
What we do with it
No sharing of information to preserve your privacy
Smart PC Solutions is the sole owner of information collected on its websites. We will not sell, disclose, or rent this information to others except if required to by contract or through a legal proceeding or law.
We may share aggregated information with our partners and advertisers. However, this information is not linked to any personally identifiable information. Smart PC Solutions carefully review the privacy policies of partners, affiliates and subsidiaries to ensure that they reflect the same attention and commitment to privacy as smartpctools.com
When visiting other websites, you’re on your own
Our website may contain links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Using cookies for statistical and analytical purposes – ultimately, it’s all about improving your experience on our site
Smart PC Solutions website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser.
The Smart PC Solutions website does not collect any personal information from cookies. They are used to make the login process easier for our users, to allow the website to track which products you have added to your basket and your preferred country, language and currency, and to track broad user movements for statistical purposes.
If you need to correct or update your personal information
We provide a way to correct or update user personal data from our records should information change. If you no longer want to be on our mailing list, see our opt-out process above.
A delay of a few days applies to corrections and updates of personal information as Smart PC Solutions attempts to verify the identity of a user requesting such changes to their information before they are made.
To correct or update personal information, send an email to our Customer Service Department support@smartpctools.com or send a letter to:
Smart PC Solutions – Customer Service
901 N. Pitt Street, Alexandria VA 22314, USA
And, of course, your access right
You have a right to access the personal data that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information Smart PC Solutions holds about you, please write to us at the same address:
Smart PC Solutions Inc. 901 N. Pitt Street, Alexandria VA 22314, USA
Notification of changes
You will always be warned should we modify this Privacy Policy so that you can continue to be confident about your privacy. When we change our Privacy Policy, we will post a message on our homepage to that effect with a link to the revised Policy. In this way, you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances we may disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of email and you will be given a choice as to whether or not Smart PC Solutions may use their information in this different manner.
Any questions?
If you have any enquiries regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@smartpctools.com