http://software.korzh.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 2018-05-25
Introduction
Korzh.com is committed to protecting our customer privacy very seriously. We will be clear and transparent about the information we are collecting and what we will do with that information.
What personal data we collect?
Personal data means any information relating to you which allows us to identify you, such as your name, contact details, payment details and information about your access to our website.
We may collect personal data from you when you create an account, purchase some of our products or services, use our website, or when you contact us.
Specifically, we may collect the following categories of information:
Name, e-mail, company name, country, home or company address, phone number;
Information about your purchases of our products and services;
Information about your use of our website;
The communications you exchange with us or direct to us via support requests, emails, comments, chat service, calls, and social media.
We don't collect any “sensitive” personal data such as details about your physical or mental health, alleged commission or conviction of criminal offences, etc.
What do we use your personal data for?
We use your personal data for the primary purpose of communicating with you in the most efficient manner.Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Providing products and services you request
We use the information you give us to give you access to the personal cabinet that contains all the licenses, downloads and support tickets history related to you as our customer.
Customer communications
We use your data to manage our relationship with you as our customer.
To personalize your experience
Your data helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
Transactional emails
We may send account-related email messages that are triggered by your site activity, such as welcome emails, notifications and reminders.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide us, may be used to send you occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
You will have the choice to opt in or opt out of receiving such communications by indicating your choice at the sign-up stage. You will also be given the opportunity on every e-mail that we send you to indicate that you no longer wish to receive our direct marketing material.
We will only process your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the reasons we have collected and need to use your personal data for.
We will not retain your data for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose it is being processed for. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the purposes for which we process itand whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely delete or destroy it. We will also consider if and how we can minimise over time the personal data that we use, and if we can anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you or identify you, in which case we may use that information without further notice to you.
How do we protect your data?
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage. The data you provide to us is protected using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology. SSL is the industry standard method of encrypting personal information so that they can be securely transferred over the Internet.
Please be aware that no transmission via the internet can be entirely secure, therefore, you are also responsible for taking appropriate measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, which should include protecting your password.
Sharing your personal data
We do not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to outside parties.
We may share your personal data with the following third parties for the purpose described in this Privacy Policy:
Our trusted third party partners which facilitate your payments to us, and anti-fraud screening, which may need information to process payment or ensure the security of your payment transaction;
Trusted service providers we are using to run our business such as call centres providing assistance to our customers, cloud service and e-mail marketing service providers assisting our marketing team with running customer surveys and providing targeted marketing campaigns;
Legal and other professional advisers, law courts and law enforcement bodies in order to enforce our legal rights in relation to our contract with you;
Your control of the data we collect on you
We provide you with the ability to control how your information is stored, and what information is collected.
You may change or correct your account settings anytime using your personal cabinet on the Site. Additionally, much of the data we collect is voluntary and your choice entirely to provide us or not.
And of course, should you wish, you may also request the permanent deletion of your account, in which case all personal information collected on you will be removed from our servers.
We also provide you additional data control options, created by the GDPR, including data access and portability (including the right to obtain and download a copy of the personal data you provided to Korzh.com), data correction (the ability to update the personal data we collect and display on you, in many cases via your account settings), data deletion, and the ability to have us stop processing your personal data (with certain exceptions as may be necessary).
Any request related to your personal data collected by us should be placed using the Support request form.
Please also be aware that in order to provide some of these data choices to you, we may need to first verify your identity. We will make reasonable efforts to verify your identity, however if we are unable to do so, we reserve the right to refuse such a request in keeping with data privacy and information security principles.
You may additionally control the receipt of certain marketing and advertising communications from Korzh.com. Some messages that we send are required, and related to our legal obligations, or service related and mandatory. Other messages, like marketing and advertising communications are voluntary. We provide you with the opportunity to control which voluntary messages you would like to receive in your personal cabinet.
International data transfer
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in EU. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
Cookies
We use cookies. Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the web site. We use cookies for various reasons, including:
To help you navigate our website;
To facilitate the sign up and login process for our services;
To personalize your experience;
To provide website features such as social sharing widgets and videos;
To measure advertising and promotional effectiveness.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you wish, you can change these browser settings by accepting, rejecting and deleting cookies. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you choose to change these settings, you may find that certain functions and features will not work as intended. The cookies we use do not detect any information stored on your computers.
For more information about cookies and how to stop cookies being installed visit the following website: http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., to evaluate your use of the Site.
Google classifies Google Analytics data as confidential information, governed by Google's privacy policies. Google's privacy policy can be viewed at http://www.google.com/intl/None/policies/privacy/.
By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser, or by downloading and installing Google Analytics
Opt-out Browser Add-on at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
For more information on Google Analytics, please visit
https://www.google.com/analytics/.
Our policy towards children
We are in compliance with the requirements of EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance (“COPPA”).Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 16 years old or older.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Public Forums
We may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms through, or related to, our Site. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this statement to reflect the most recent version.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies.
More info
Got it!