https://softcon.co.in/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
What is the privacy policy about?
This privacy policy document lays out how Softcon Systems Private Limited (also referred to as “we”, “us” or “Softcon” in this policy), may collect and use personal information from the users/visitors (also referred to as “you”) of this website when you visit or otherwise use our website. One of the primary intents of this document is to make it transparent to you, our methods of collecting and using the information on this website.
What information do we collect?
The information that we collect about you broadly falls under the following categories:
Information that you provide to us: This includes any information you submit by using the “Contact Us” page, or filling up any form on the website, or by emailing/calling us. This generally includes one or more of the following: name, email, telephone number, business name and address etc. We do not ask for or collect any financial information like account numbers, credit card numbers etc.
Automatically collected information: When you visit our website, our web servers automatically collect certain information from the web browser on your computer/mobile phone or any other device you use to access our website. This automated information collection typically includes web traffic analytics information like your browser type, platform type (the operating system of your device), the pages you visit on our website, time spent on our website etc. We use small text files called “cookies” (explained later on this page) to store this information.
What do we do with the collected information?
We use the information provided by you for one or more of the following:
To create your account with us and provide services to you.
To communicate with you about any changes in services, upcoming services, or for any troubleshooting needed.
To limit your access to our services in case of observed abuse or violations of terms of service, including this privacy policy.
Which cookies do we use?
Our website uses the following types of cookies:
Essential/Mandatory cookiesThese are the cookies which we need to help you navigate the site and/or use its features. These are also known as “First-Party” cookies. Without these cookies, functionality like serving content best-suited for your device (for example, mobile-optimised content for mobile devices) cannot be implemented and might lead to sub-optimal user experience for you.
Analytics/Performance cookiesThese cookies store information about how visitors use our site so that we can analyze traffic to our site and understand the ways in which visitors visit and go through our site. We use cookies issued by a “third-party” web analytics service (typically, Google Analytics) for this. These cookies are also known as “Third Party” cookies. These cookies do not contain information which could be used to personally identify a user. The information collected by these cookies is anonymised and aggregated. It is used to enhance the performance of the site on your devices.
Social media sharing cookiesThese cookies are used when you share information from our website using one or more of the social media sharing buttons provided. These are typically present at the bottom of any page. These services currently include LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Google+, Pinterest and Instagram. The social network you use may record or link your behaviour for targeting / advertising activities. This is in no way controlled by Softcon. By using these features, you consent to the aforementioned usage.
Note on the usage of cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies from our site, you can change the settings in your web browser to decline and/or delete cookies. See the “Help” section on your browser menu for guidance on how to do this. Please note that changing the cookie settings may affect certain features on this website.
Links to other (“third-party”) websites
The privacy policy stated in this document applies only to our website and services offered by us. Our website, the content present on it and services/information offered by us may contain links to other websites. We do not have control over these websites and this privacy policy does not apply to them.