https://solarbotics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Shop
Featured
Sale Items
New Products
Bundles
Clearance
Brands
Solarbotics
Arduino-Compatible
Raspberry Pi
Grove
Phidgets
Consumables
Chemicals and Cleaners
Solder
Bulk Wiring
Tape
Batteries
Equipment
3D Printing
Test Equipment
Power Supplies
Tools
Cable Management
Cables
Parts
Components
Motors & Servos
Sensors
Displays
Connectors
Fuses
Development
Microcontrollers
Prototyping
Wired
Wireless
Wearables
Sound
Miscellaneous
Fans
Solar Cells
Books
Active-Tech Store
About
About Us
Distributors
Blog
Contact Us
My Account
Products search
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
RETURNS AND EXCHANGES
SHIPPING
PRIVACY POLICY
We shop online too, and know first-hand what we like and what we don't. Our website "registration-required" free. What information you do give us, we'll not share with anybody else for any reason. We hate nosy businesses. WHY does a hair salon need to know my name/address for their computer system? It just makes us shudder. Just cut the hair - no questions, dang-nabbit!
Emails
If you get an email from us, it will most likely either be an order confirmation, or a request for clarification on your order. We occasionally send out email newsletters, but this generally happens less than a dozen times over the course of a year. It is an opt-in list we'll ask you about when you create your account. In these messages, you'll always find an opt out link for those of you who'd rather not get any such messages in the future.
Solarbotics User Accounts
Our website is designed to be easy to use for our visitors. There is no need for you to create a user account if you do not wish to. We don't expect you to share with us any information that isn't necessary at your local store.
But, the benefit of creating a user account is that your browser settings will be saved from session to session, and your information for order processing will be saved and re-used. This keeps shipping errors to a minimum. Another huge benefit to creating an account is that you'll be able to view your order history.
Data Security
We use a secure SSL channel (security certificates) when you connect to the order processing portion of our website. We receive your order via encrypted channels. Our web platform is among the most solid and secure e-commerce packages available, with security monitoring and frequent updates.
Credit Cards
We don't like it when other website store our credit card information, so we do not store your credit card information either. We never see your credit card information on internet orders. Our website connects directly to our credit card processor, passes the details to them, and sends us a confirmation that payment is received. Your credit card information in not available to us.
Regulated Security Policy
Solarbotics Ltd. is a limited company located in the province of Alberta, Canada and therefore abides by the rules set out in the Personal Information Protection Act. The Act protects individual privacy by requiring private sector organizations to obtain consent for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in most cases, and provides individuals with a right of access to their own personal information.
Solarbotics currently collects and stores the following information with/without express consent to enable speedy delivery for all shipments, and to facilitate efficient communication between all parties involved in a transaction. This data may be collected through solarbotics.com (the site), electronic email, postal mail, telephone or facsimile. This information is only used to deliver products and/or services, process payment transactions and to enable our web site to function optimally according to our users' request.
E Mail address & password to enable the user to log on to the site
Unique and non identifiable user IDs, IP addresses and browser information
Whether or not the user wishes to receive certain promotional materials
Shipping and Billing addresses, with phone and fax numbers
Credit Card numbers with expiry dates and Card owners' names.
Order data, shipping account numbers, company contacts
Please direct any privacy questions to our privacy officer by using any of the standard methods listed here on the website.
Disclaimer
Solarbotics Ltd., is not responsible for any special, incidental, or consequential damages resulting from any breach of warranty, or under any legal theory, including lost profits, downtime, good will, damage to or replacement of equipment or property, and any costs or recovering of any material or goods associated with the assembly or use of our products. Solarbotics Ltd reserves the right to make substitutions and changes to our products without prior notice.
InformationAbout Solarbotics
Distributors
Contact Us
Policies and ProceduresPrivacy Policy
Returns and Exchanges
Terms and Conditions
Shipping Policies
Tools and ResourcesBlog