https://sonet.digital/legal/copyright/
Copyright Notice
Updates:
Published May 18th, 2000
Latest Update: January  10th, 2018 (Legalese).
The content, code, markup, and information contained within this website is the copyright of Sonet Digital and its third party supplier and vendors. The content, code and information may not be reproduced by any party for whatever purpose without prior agreement from Sonet Digital. Unauthorised use of the content may infringe copyright or other laws.
All content pertaining to the industry of this website including images, text, videos, brochures and other materials in electronic format or otherwise, is the property of Sonet Digital Ltd and it’s respective suppliers and third-party providers.
All trademarks explicitly or implicitly referenced on this site are acknowledged as belonging to their respective owners.
Proposals
All website proposals are the property of Sonet Digital and must not be shared outside of related projects between Sonet Digital and the company that Sonet DIgital is tendering too. Any graphics or other types of materials that are included in the proposal are the copyright of their respective owners and 3rd party suppliers.
Data Usage
Any usage of Sonet Digital materials without said permission as stated herein and on our published Terms and Conditions including but not limited to this Notice, constitute a violation of the intellectual property rights of Sonet Digital and/or its suppliers. Sonet Digital and/or its suppliers will vigorously pursue all appropriate legal action against all and any parties that commit violations in respect thereof.
You can contact the company via their registered office at the below information:
Sonet Digital Limited
Unit 2, 446 Commercial Road
Aviation Business Park
Christchurch
BH23 6NW
T: +44 (0)1227 467 988
Legal PagesCopyright
Financial
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect with Us
Service PagesSEO services
Pay per click
Web Design
Managed Solutions
Latest Blog NewsGoogle G Suite Rebrands as Google Workspace!October 21, 2020 - 10:54Google Analytics Audience Overview Report ExplainedFebruary 26, 2019 - 17:01Google Cracks Down on Ads with Ad BlockerFebruary 16, 2018 - 10:56LegalCopyright
Financial
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
CompanyAbout Us
Markets
Strategy
Community
Thank you for visiting the Sonet Digital website. We serve cookies to analyse traffic and optimise your experience.
Read Our Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue
Scroll to top