https://sonet.digital/legal/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updates:
Published July 19th, 2000
Update: June 2nd, 2016 (Links).
Latest Update: May 25th, 2018 (GDPR)
SONET DIGITAL LTD, Privacy Policy
In compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (from May 25th, 2018), we have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect new legislation and changes.
This privacy policy provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our website https://sonet.digital including any information you may provide through our site when you contact us.
What is the GDPR?
The European Union’s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), sets out new rules that pertain to the way EU citizens personal data is collected, handled and disseminated. In effect, the GDPR was developed to allow it’s citizens to understand how their data is used and make informed decisions in regards to personal data.
Who we are
Sonet Digital is a registered company in the United Kingdom
Our contact details and registered BUSINESS address are:
Sonet Digital Ltd
Unit 2, 446 Commercial Road
Aviation Business Park
Christchurch
BH23 6NW
Cookie Policy & Security
EU law now requires all websites that interact with EU citizens to provide a clearly visible description of how that particular site utilises data, cookies and their intended purpose.
What data we collect
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data.
Our client data is strictly for business between our customers and ourselves. We regularly update our customers with business services, information about web analytics and other performance data relating to their businesses online.
Identity Data may include your full name, title, business name and job position.
Contact Data may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data may include your bank account and other types of payment details
Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, operating system (OS), mobile platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Profile Data may include your username and password, purchases or orders, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Mailing list – Sonet Digital keeps an update mailing list that is strictly permission based. It’s intended usage is to inform subscribers when there is a new blog post, updates to our services and any special offers relating to our services. It is strictly promotional.
Identity Data may include your full name, title, email address and website address (URL).
Technical Data may include your login data, IP address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, operating system (OS), other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Usage Data may include information about how you use our website and services.
Marketing and Communications Data may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and your communication preferences.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to personal data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, or religious beliefs, sexual orientation, and political opinions, information about your health and genetic and biometric data.
How We Collect Your Personal Data
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site, phone, email or otherwise, including when you:
order our services;
create an account on our site;
subscribe to our service or blog publications;
request resources or marketing be sent to you;
give us feedback.
Cookies and Web Bugs
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users’ hard drive or browser which contains information about the user.
The cookies utilised on this website allow us to recognise new/returning visitors and to see how they navigate this website. We maintain unique visitor tags stored in cookies enabled through JavaScript – they are used purely as an aid to facilitate a more enjoyable user experience – Be assured this in no way compromises your security.
A web bug is similar to a cookie in that it is used, often secretly, to glean details of user surfing habits. We do not employ web bugs on any page of this website.
Your use of the Sonet Digital website is your acceptance of our Privacy Policy that includes clear information about the use of cookies on the website. If you do not accept you must leave the website immediately.
You have the option to block cookies via your web browser or clear them after a session. However, if you block cookies you may find you have limited access to certain areas of the website. For more information please see your browser’s help pages. Also, if you should wish to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking your movements on this site then please follow the procedure set out here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Links
This website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track a users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Security and Confidentiality Privacy Policy
We take every precaution to protect our visitors’ information in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). When a visitor or customer submits information via the website or email, this information is protected both online and off-line and is not divulged to 3rd parties without customers’ express permission.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law, we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Know your rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to the processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
Legal PagesCopyright
Financial
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect with Us
Service PagesSEO services
Pay per click
Web Design
Managed Solutions
Latest Blog NewsGoogle G Suite Rebrands as Google Workspace!October 21, 2020 - 10:54Google Analytics Audience Overview Report ExplainedFebruary 26, 2019 - 17:01Google Cracks Down on Ads with Ad BlockerFebruary 16, 2018 - 10:56LegalCopyright
Financial
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
CompanyAbout Us
Markets
Strategy
Community
Thank you for visiting the Sonet Digital website. We serve cookies to analyse traffic and optimise your experience.
Read Our Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue
Scroll to top