https://sonet.digital/legal/terms/
Website Terms & Conditions
This Agreement sets out the terms and conditions of your use of the Sonet Digital website and the services that we may offer, including without limitation access to news and information, email, links to other web sites, and web hosting located at https://sonet.digital.
In these Terms and Conditions “we, our, us, Sonet Digital refers to Sonet Digital Ltd.
For client terms and conditions please see: https://sonet.digital/legal/client-terms
Acceptance of Terms
By accessing the content of https://sonet.digital (“the Website”) you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out herein including but not limited to the Copyright Notice available at http;//sonet.digital/legal/copyright
If you object to any of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement you should not use any of the products or services on the Website and leave immediately.
You agree that you shall not use the Website for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You agree not to use the website in a way that may impair the performance, corrupt the content or otherwise reduce the overall functionality of the Website. You also agree not to compromise the security of the Website or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, liability, losses, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement.
Modification
Sonet Digital reserve the right to change any part of this agreement without notice and your use of the Website will be deemed as acceptance of this agreement. We advise users to regularly check the Terms and Conditions of this agreement.
Sonet Digital have complete discretion to modify or remove any part of this site without warning or liability arising from such action.
Limitation of Liability
Sonet Digital will under no circumstance be liable for indirect, special, or consequential damages including any loss of business, revenue, profits, or data in relation to your use of the Website.
Nothing within this Agreement will operate to exclude any liability for death or personal injury arising as result of the negligence of Sonet Digital, its employees or agents.
Copyright
All intellectual property of Sonet Digital such as trademarks, trade names, patents, registered designs and any other automatic intellectual property rights derived from the aesthetics or functionality of the Website remain the property of Sonet Digital.
By using the Website you agree to respect the intellectual property rights of Sonet Digital and will refrain from copying, downloading, transmitting, reproducing, printing, or exploiting for commercial purpose any material contained within the Website.
Violations of the copyright notice available at https://sonet.digital/legal/copyright will be vigorously pursued and prosecuted.
Disclaimers
Information is provided on the understanding that the website is not engaged in rendering advice and should not be wholly relied upon when making any related decision.
The information contained within the Website is provided on an “as is” basis with no warranties expressed or otherwise implied relating to the accuracy, fitness for purpose, compatibility or security of any components of the Website.
We do not guarantee uninterrupted availability of the Website and cannot provide any representation that using the Website will be error free.
Third Parties
The Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by other parties. We do not control such websites and we take no responsibility for, and will not incur any liability in respect of their content. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of views, statements or information contained in such websites.
Severance
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck out and the remaining provisions shall remain in force.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and any user of the Website hereby agrees to be bound exclusively by the jurisdiction of English courts without reference to rules governing choice of laws.
Legal PagesCopyright
Financial
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect with Us
Service PagesSEO services
Pay per click
Web Design
Managed Solutions
Latest Blog NewsGoogle G Suite Rebrands as Google Workspace!October 21, 2020 - 10:54Google Analytics Audience Overview Report ExplainedFebruary 26, 2019 - 17:01Google Cracks Down on Ads with Ad BlockerFebruary 16, 2018 - 10:56LegalCopyright
Financial
Legal
Website Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
CompanyAbout Us
Markets
Strategy
Community
Thank you for visiting the Sonet Digital website. We serve cookies to analyse traffic and optimise your experience.
Read Our Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue
Scroll to top