http://sourceguardian.com/text-terms-conditions-page-109.html
Login
Signup
Home
Tour
Features
FAQs
Case Studies
Blog
Support
Buy Now
Terms & Conditions
Home / Terms & Conditions
Inovica Ltd Terms of Use
Last updated 30th June 2012
These are the terms and conditions of use for the website http://www.sourceguardian.com (“our website”). Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they form a legal agreement between you and us in relation to access and use of our website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
1. About Inovica Ltd
Inovica Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales under company number 03650349 . Our registered office is:
Inovica Ltd
Dalton House
60 Windsor Avenue
London
We have other trading addresses. Please contact us if you would like details of these. Our VAT number is GB 654146734
To Contact us, please refer to our Contact Us page, located here: http://www.intelligenteye.com/contact.html
2. What these terms are about
These terms apply to the use of our website. Please note that by accessing our website you agree to these terms. If you do not agree to them you should not access our website.
The most current version of these terms is dated above, but we may change them from time to time without giving you notice, so please try to read these terms every time you visit our website. By accessing our website after changes are made to these terms you agree to the revised terms.
3. Using our website
We are pleased to provide our website to you for use, but you must use our website in an acceptable way. We will not tolerate any use of our website which damages or is likely to damage our reputation, the availability or integrity of our website or which causes us or threatens to cause us to incur any legal, tax or regulatory liability.
We have set our more detail on acceptable and unacceptable use below:
You may only use our website for lawful purposes. For example, you must not use our website:
1. In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation;
2. In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
3. To send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising or promotional material or any other form of unsolicited communication (spam); or
4. To transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains any harmful programs, such as viruses, Trojan horses, worms or time-bombs.
You also agree not to:
1. reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our website; or
2. access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt our website, or any related equipment, network or software.
Interactive Services
We may from time to time provide interactive services on our website. If we do provide any interactive service, we will provide clear information to you about the kind of service offered.
We will do our best to assess any possible risks for users from third parties when they use any interactive service provided on our website, and we will decide in each case whether it is appropriate to use moderation of the relevant service (including what kind of moderation to use) in the light of those risks. However, we are under no obligation to oversee, monitor or moderate any interactive service we provide on our website.
If we do decide to monitor or moderate an interactive service, we will normally provide you with a means of contacting the moderator, should you need to do so.
Our interactive services are not intended for use by children. Parents and guardians should not permit their children to use our interactive services, as these are only intended for use by businesses.
If you use our interactive services, you will also need to understand and comply with our content standards outlined below.
Content and Content Standards
If you contribute material to our website, you agree that any material you contribute will:
1. comply with all applicable laws and regulations;
2. be factually accurate and/or will represent your genuinely held belief or opinion;
3. not be defamatory, offensive, hateful or inflammatory; and
4. not infringe confidentiality, or any copyright or intellectual property rights of another person.
You also agree that we can use any content you contribute to our website whenever and wherever we think appropriate.
We try to ensure that all of the information provided by us on our website is correct and complete at the time of the last update but we do not promise that it will be correct and complete. Content on our website is updated regularly and we may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our website or close it indefinitely.
We do not promise that our website will be continuously available. We do not promise that your use of our website will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that our website and service will be free from attack (e.g. from viruses). We do recommend that you use your own appropriate virus checking software.
Our Suspension and Termination Rights
The terms set out in section 3 are intended to protect us, our website and its users, so a failure to comply with this section constitutes a serious breach of these terms. If we believe you have breached this section 3, we may do any or all of the following (as well as any other action we feel is appropriate):
1. issue a warning to you and ask you to take certain steps to rectify your behaviour.
2. suspend your right to access our website, either temporarily or permanently.
3. take legal action against you, including to recover any loss we have suffered due to your actions.
4. disclose information to law enforcement authorities.
4. Buying products or services through our website
It may be possible to buy software and/or other products and services from our website. Please note that the purchase and use of these products and services will be governed by separate terms and conditions.
5. Links to and from our website
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no control over these websites and are not responsible for the content, use by you or availability of third party websites.
We permit linking to our website as long as you obtain our written consent prior to creating a link. We reserve the right to withdraw any consent at any time. If consent is withheld or withdrawn we will try to explain our reasons to you.
6. Community areas of our website
Certain areas of our website may be available for registered users, either for support or discussion purposes. Please note that additional terms may apply to these areas, such as specific acceptable use policies.
7. Intellectual property rights
The design and content of our website, and the material published on it, is protected by copyright and is owned by Inovica Ltd (©1994-2012) and our licensors. All rights are reserved.
We or our licensors retain the exclusive right to authorise or prohibit the direct or indirect, temporary or permanent reproduction of our website by any means and in any form, in whole or in part, and to make our website available to the public, and to distribute any copyright protected material in our website. You agree not to copy, adapt, alter or create any derivative work from any material on our website, or to restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of our website by anyone else.
We or our licensors own all other intellectual property rights in our website.
8. Privacy Policy and Cookies
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, please see our separate Privacy Policy document.
9. General
If a court or other competent authority rules that any of these terms are void or unenforceable in whole or part, the other terms and the remainder of the void or unenforceable term will still be valid.
Nothing in these terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury due to our negligence or our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
If you are a consumer, your statutory legal rights are not affected by these terms.
These terms and the use of our website and its content shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with English law. We and you agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any claims or proceedings relating to these terms or their subject matter.
10. Contacting Inovica Ltd
To contact us, please refer to our Contact Us page, located here: http://www.sourceguardian.com/contact.html
Support Area
If you have any questions, please fill out our support form. Also, keep an eye out for our new instructional videos which are coming soon.View Support Area
SourceGuardian
UK Office
Office S14
Tanfield Lea Business Centre
Stanley
County Durham
DH9 9DB
United Kingdom
USA Office
2880 Zanker Road
San Jose, California 95134
United States
"You give the best support and assistance I ever found around. Really a big Thanks."
Knyaz, http://www.karakolguide.com
TRY SOURCEGUARDIAN FREE FOR 14 DAYS
Account Login:
Email:
Password:
Forgotten Password?
More Links
Home
PHP Encoder Tour
Online PHP Encoder
FAQs
More Links
Blog
Contact Us
Case Studies
Support
Partners
Connect with us
Bookmark
© Copyright 2002 - 2020 SourceGuardian Limited
Privacy Policy
l Terms & Conditions
l Company Info
l Contact us
l Sitemap
l PHP Weekly News