http://sourceguardian.com/text-privacy-policy-page-108.html
Login
Signup
Home
Tour
Features
FAQs
Case Studies
Blog
Support
Buy Now
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
SourceGuardian.com Privacy Policy
Last updated 18th June 2012
Let’s be straight here…
We value you. We will never, EVER rent, sell, share or give away your personal information. We protect your information as much as we can and the following shows our commitment to you and your right to privacy.  The following shows how and where we collect your information and how we use it.
SourceGuardian Ltd has fulfilled the requirements of the 1998 Data Protection Act. It's a legal requirement, though we like to think our honesty and integrity are just as important.
The Legal Bit
SourceGuardian Ltd (“we’ or “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  Our Privacy policy explains how we collect, use and protect information about you in the scenarios that are described in section 2 below. By taking any of the actions listed within that section, you agree that we may collect and use your information in the ways described in this privacy policy.
1. SourceGuardian Ltd
SourceGuardian Ltd is a limited company, registered in England and Wales under company number 05663267.  Our registered office is:
SourceGuardian Ltd
A6 Kingfisher House
Kingsway
Team Valley Trading Estate
Gateshead
Tyne & Wear
NE11 0JQ
To contact us, please refer to our Contact Us page, located here:
http://www.sourceguardian.com/contact.html
2. How we collect information
We will collect information from you if you:
1. register to use our website; this will include your name, address, email address and telephone number. We may ask you to provide additional information about your business and preferences on a voluntary basis;
2. place an order for products or services on our website, this will include your name (including business name), address, contact details (including telephone number and email address) and your payment details;
3. complete online forms (including contact forms and callback requests), take part in surveys, write posts on any message boards, post any blogs, enter any competitions or prize draws, download information such as white papers or other publications, or participate in any other interactive areas that appear on our website or which we offer to you from time to time
4. provide your contact details to us when registering to use or accessing any product or service we provide (including any Apps we may offer); and
5. contact us offline for example by telephone, fax, email or post.
We also collect information about your visit to our website or use of our products or services using cookies or similar technologies (as described in paragraph 6 below).
3. What we use your information for
We will use your personal information to provide any information on services that you have requested or any products that you have ordered.  We may also contact you for feedback on your use of our products, services or our website.
We may use your personal data for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve the SourceGuardian products, services, website, and customer communications.
We may use your information for marketing purposes as described in paragraph 5 below.
4. Sharing your information
We will not share your information collected by us with anybody unless required to do so by law.  The exceptions to this are:
Third parties which supply services to us or who process information on our behalf (for example payment providers, 3rd party analytics and tracking companies).  We will not share your information with business partners or suppliers for marketing purposes
Another organisation if we sell or buy (or negotiate to sell or buy) any business or assets.  If SourceGuardian Ltd is acquired or merged with another company your information will be one of the assets transferred.
We may pass collective information about the use of our website or our products or services to third parties but this will not include information that can be used to identify you.
We will disclose your information if we are required to by law. We may disclose your information to enforcement authorities if they ask us to, or to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings, provided we can do so without breaching data protection laws.
5. Marketing
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you with details about our products and services which we feel may be of interest to you.  We may wish to contact you for this purpose by telephone, post or email.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.  If you wish to exercise these rights you can do so by selecting your contact preferences on any of our websites at the point where you provide us with your details or by sending us an email to support@sourceguardian.com
6. Cookies and traffic data
Cookies are small text files which are transferred from our website, product or service and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use a combination of cookies to help us provide you with a personalised service, and also to help make our websites, products and services better for you. The law on cookies and similar technologies changed in May 2011 and we are working to update our websites so that you can choose your cookie preferences, so please check back here for updates.
We use the following different types of cookies:
Session cookies
These are temporary cookies which are deleted when you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service. We use session cookies on our websites and in some of our products or services to identify and track users and to remember what is in your shopping basket (where relevant).  Our session cookies may also contain your customer account number, company name and email address.  We may also use session cookies and similar technologies in our products or services from time to time where this enables us to offer you certain features of the product or service or where it may help us to improve the product or service.
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies enable our websites, product or service to "remember" who you are and to remember your preferences on our website. Persistent cookies will stay on your computer or device after you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service.
Web analytics cookies and similar technologies
Our websites, products and services use several web analytics cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and see how they move around the website, product or service. This helps us make our service to you better.
Web beacons and parameter tracking
We also use cookies and similar software known as web beacons to count users who have visited our website after clicking through from one of our advertisements on another website or in emails and to collect details of any products purchased. These web beacons collect limited information which does not identify particular individuals. It is not possible to refuse the use of web beacons. However, because they are used in conjunction with cookies, you can effectively disable them by setting your browser to restrict or block cookies.
We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our server, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the website that you visited before ours, the website you visit after leaving our site. We also collect some site, product and service statistics such as access rates, page hits and page views. We are not able to identify any individual from traffic data or site statistics.
How to disable cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note, however, that if you disable cookies you may find that it affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, products or services.
7. Your information
If we hold any information about you which is incorrect or if there are any changes to your details please let us know by so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date. If you would like to update your records or see a copy of the information that we hold about you, you can contact us at the following address:
Data Protection Officer
Office S14
Tanfield Lea Business Centre
Stanley
County Durham
DH9 9DB
United Kingdom
If you request a copy of your information you need to provide payment of £10, which is the statutory fee.
8. Changes to our privacy policy
We may periodically update this privacy policy from time to time.  Any change will be effective immediately upon posting on the site.
9. Security and storage of information
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Unfortunately, the internet is not always secure therefore, although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data which is transmitted to our website or other products and services via an internet or similar connection and any transmission will be at your own risk.
If we have given you (or you have chosen) a password to access certain areas of our website, product or service please keep this password safe - we will not share this password with anyone.
10. Transfers outside of Europe
Personal data in the European Union is protected by data protection laws but other countries do not necessarily protect your personal data in the same way.  Our website and some of our products or services or parts of them may be hosted in the United States and this means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website, product or service outside the European Economic Area (which means all the EU countries plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) ("EEA") to the United States. When you send an email to us, this will also be stored on our email servers, some of which are hosted in the United States.  If you do not want your information to be transferred outside the EEA you should not use our website, product or service or contact us via email.
11. Links to other sites
This web site contains links to other sites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites unless they are owned by SourceGuardian and we encourage you to read the privacy policies appearing on those sites or services.
12. Further information
If you would like further information about data protection, or if you would like to view the register of Data Controllers, you can visit the Information Commissioner's site at www.ico.gov.uk.
Support Area
If you have any questions, please fill out our support form. Also, keep an eye out for our new instructional videos which are coming soon.View Support Area
SourceGuardian
UK Office
Office S14
Tanfield Lea Business Centre
Stanley
County Durham
DH9 9DB
United Kingdom
USA Office
2880 Zanker Road
San Jose, California 95134
United States
"I just purchased SourceGuardian 7.0. What can I say.
Painless to install on my server, simple to use.
Thanks for helping me protect my intellectual property. Now if someone wants to reproduce my work, they can build it from scratch like I did
"
Jim Armstrong, http://www.autowebexpress.com
TRY SOURCEGUARDIAN FREE FOR 14 DAYS
Account Login:
Email:
Password:
Forgotten Password?
More Links
Home
PHP Encoder Tour
Online PHP Encoder
FAQs
More Links
Blog
Contact Us
Case Studies
Support
Partners
Connect with us
Bookmark
© Copyright 2002 - 2020 SourceGuardian Limited
Privacy Policy
l Terms & Conditions
l Company Info
l Contact us
l Sitemap
l PHP Weekly News