https://specialcomp.com/policy.htm
Home
|
Products
|
Contact
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We have established a privacy policy that safeguards your personal information, and we are committed to protecting its confidentiality. We limit the collection and use of personal information to what is necessary to administer our business and provide you with the highest quality service. It is used to improve customer support, transaction services, and the content of our Web page.
Pricing Policy
1. We reserve the right to make adjustments due to typographical errors, market fluctuation or discontinued products.
2. Due to changing market conditions, we can not offer price protection and sale prices are final at time of purchase.
3. We are not responsible for typographical errors including, but not limited to pricing, advertisements, and product specifications or compatibility.
Return Policy
1. All items sold may be returned for repair, replacement, or credit within 10 days from the date of purchase.
Everything sold on this website is expected to be used for developmental purposes, so manufacturer warranties may not apply.
2. Absolutely no refunds or returns after 10 days from the date of purchase, unless the product is covered under extended warranty. We can quote you a price for your extended warranty upon request.
3. Any items returned for credit must be unused, factory sealed and in "as shipped" condition. Please keep all packing material and documentation intact in case your product must be returned.
4. In accordance with federal guidelines, opened software may not be returned, but may be exchanged within 30 days for an identical item if the media is physically defective.
5. A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number must be obtained by contacting us before returning any product.
6. All RMA products must be received within 10 days from the date of purchase. Any products received after the warranty expires will be shipped back at the owner's expense.
7. Any returned merchandise must be shipped in original packaging materials with accompanying manuals and software. Freight must be paid and insured by the customer.
8. All items returned for credit will be charged a 15% restocking fee.
9. Shipping charges are non-refundable on any returns or refunds.
10. Canceling of an order must be within two business days from date of order, otherwise a cancellation fee of 5% will be assessed.
Shipping Policy
1. Our shipping carriers are United Parcel Service (UPS), Federal Express (FedEx), DHL, and United States Postal Service (USPS).
Selection of a carrier is at our discretion unless you contact us before placing your order.
2. Shipping and handling charges are selected by you when placing an order online. International and special shipping and handling charges (if any) are charged seperately with each order. We prefer to bill freight and duties to receipient using your account.
3. Refused shipments are automatically charged $25.00 fee to your account. If we are not contacted within two business days of receiving the refused shipment, your order will be cancelled and your account will be automatically credited minus a 15% restocking fee.
4. Orders are normally shipped within three business days of purchase, otherwise a backorder notice will be issued to the customer. You may cancel a backordered item at any time prior to it being shipped by contacting us via email, fax or telephone.
5. Same day shipping may be available on orders placed by 2:00PM Arizona Time, Monday - Friday, subject to stock availability at the time the order is received by our Shipping department.
6. All shipments are subject to stock availability.
Legal |
Policy
© Special Computing. All rights reserved.