http://sph.com.sg/legal/website_tnc.html
Terms And Conditions
Welcome to our
Site.  Please read the following Website
Terms and Conditions carefully (including our Privacy Policy)
(collectively “Website Conditions”)
before using this Site and/or the Services (both defined below), so that you are aware of
your legal rights and obligations with respect to Singapore Press Holdings
Limited and/or its related entities, affiliates and subsidiaries (individually
and collectively, "SPH").
By your (or where Clause 1.1.2(iii) applies, your child’s or ward’s) access of this
Site and/or use of the Services, you hereby agree to be legally bound by these
Website Conditions.  If you do not accept
these Website Conditions, please leave the Site and discontinue use of the
Services immediately.
1.
Agreement
1.1
You hereby represent
and warrant that:
1.1.1
you have
read and agree to these
Website Conditions and our Privacy Policy;
1.1.2
you are at least 18 years old and have the
necessary legal capacity, right, power and authority to agree to these Website
Conditions and you are either;
(i)
accessing this Site, using the Services and
contracting in your own personal capacity;
(ii)
accessing this Site, using the Services and
contracting on behalf of a corporate entity; or
(iii)
contracting as parent
or guardian of a child or ward who is less than 18 years old and who is
accessing this Site and using the Services, in which event you agree as his/her
parent/guardian, both in your personal capacity and on behalf of your
child/ward, to be bound by these Website Conditions and to be liable for your
child’s or ward’s acts and omissions while accessing the Site and/or using the
Services, and you also agree to ensure that your child or ward observes these
Website Conditions;
1.1.3
you are authorised to bind the
entity (yourself or your corporate entity) on whose behalf you are contracting
and such entity agrees to be bound by these Website Conditions; and
1.1.4
all of the information provided
by you to SPH (including without limitation personal particulars and contact
information) is accurate and complete.
1.2
SPH reserves the right to change, modify, suspend or discontinue the whole
or any portion of the Services or Site at any time.  SPH may also impose limits on certain features
or restrict your access to parts or the entire Services or Site without notice
or liability.
1.3
SPH may from time to time vary or amend these Website Conditions by posting
the amended Website Conditions at this Site.
Any use of the Services after the amendment of these Website Conditions
will be deemed to be acceptance of the amended Website Conditions by you.  If you do not agree to the amended Website
Conditions, you have the right to close your Account and/or cease using the
Services.
2.
Definitions
2.1
In this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply unless the context
does not permit such application:
“Account” means a registered account of a
Member opened under this Site.
“Agreement” means the agreement
formed by these Website Conditions and the Privacy Policy, and in the case of a Member,
by these Website Conditions, the Privacy Policy and the Member Conditions.
“App” means any software or mobile application of SPH.
“Computer” means your computer, notebook
computer, personal digital assistant, mobile phone or other electronic device
used to access this Site or the Services.
“Content” means materials, information,
news, advertisements, listings, data, input, text, songs, audio, video,
pictures, graphics, software, blogs, webcasts, podcasts, broadcasts, messages, software,
comments, suggestions, ideas and other content.
“Linked Sites” is defined in Clause 8.1.
“Member” means a registered
member of the Site.
“Member Conditions” means the terms and conditions
applicable to Members accessible here.
“Personal Data” means, data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data or from that data and other information to which a party has or is likely to have access.
“Servers” means the computer software, systems
and servers hosting, operating, managing, providing or contributing to the Site
and the Services.
“Services” is defined in Clause 3.2.
“Site” means the SPH website
containing the link to these Terms & Conditions.
"SPH Content" means
all Content of SPH that is made available on or via this Site or a SPH website.
“Third Party Products” means products and
services of third parties, including other users, advertised on or
available at the Site or websites linked from the Site.
“Third Party User Content” means all User Content
which is not created, transmitted, posted or uploaded by you.
“User Content” means all Content
on this Site which is created, transmitted, posted or uploaded by a user of the
Site.
2.2
The words “include” and “including” shall not be construed as
having any limiting effect.
2.3
The headings in this Agreement do not have any legal effect nor shall they
affect the construction of this Agreement in any way.
3.
Site and Services
3.1
The Site is owned and maintained by SPH.
3.2
SPH may offer one or
more of the following services on or through the Site (each a “Service”
and collectively the “Services”):
3.2.1
access to a collection of information, news, data, text, listings, graphics,
images, videos, audio files, podcasts, webcasts, software applications
and other types of works, including any print, digitised or electronic
newspapers, magazines, Apps or other content of SPH, whether through an online
store or otherwise;
3.2.2
search engines or tools;
3.2.3
a platform to create, upload and publicly make available personalised
content;
3.2.4
an advertising and branding platform;
3.2.5
message boards, forums, blogs, communication tools;
3.2.6
a social networking platform;
3.2.7
email alerts; and
3.2.8
any other features, content or applications that SPH may offer on or through
the
Site from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion.
3.3
You acknowledge and
agree that to access and use certain Services, you will be required to register
as a Member and additionally shall be bound to strictly comply with the Member
Conditions in addition to these Website Conditions.
3.4
From time to time SPH will
run competitions, promotions and surveys at the Site.  These are subject to additional terms and
conditions that will be made available at the time they are run.
4.
Content Use Conditions
4.1
You may not reproduce,
modify, adapt, translate, publish, display, communicate, transmit, broadcast,
podcast, webcast, distribute, sell, trade or exploit for any commercial or
other purposes, any portion of, or any access to:
4.1.1
any Service;
4.1.2
the Site;
4.1.3
any SPH
Content except, to the extent permitted, with the prior written consent of SPH
or unless expressly permitted in these Website Conditions; or
4.1.4
any Third Party User
Content except, to the extent permitted, with the prior written consent of SPH
and the owner or licensee of the specific User Content.
4.2
Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 4.1, you agree not to reproduce, display or otherwise
provide access to the Services, SPH Content, or Third Party User Content on
another website or server, for example through framing, mirroring, linking,
spidering, scraping or any other technological means (including any technology
available in the future), without the prior written permission of SPH.
4.3
You may for your personal, non-commercial use:
4.3.1
retrieve and display SPH
Content on any compatible device owned by you;
4.3.2
print a single copy of SPH
Content on paper (but not photocopy them); and
4.3.3
store such SPH Content in electronic form on disk or on a mobile device
owned by you (but not on any server or other storage device connected to a
network).
4.4
All SPH Content are the copyrighted work of SPH or its content or software
providers, and SPH reserves and retains all rights in the SPH Content.  Use of some SPH Content may be governed by
the terms of an accompanying end user license agreement.
4.5
You may not decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover
the source code of any SPH Content available on the Site or through a Service except
under the specific circumstances expressly permitted by law or SPH in writing.
5.
Intellectual Property
5.1
The copyright, patents, trade marks, registered
designs and all intellectual property rights in the Services, the Site, and all
SPH Content, including without limitation the copyright in the compilation of
all User Content, shall vest in and remain with SPH.
5.2
The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this Site are the property of SPH or
other third parties, and all rights to the Marks are expressly reserved by SPH
or relevant third parties.  You are not
permitted to use any Marks without the prior written consent of SPH or such
third party.  SPH and its subsidiaries aggressively
enforce their intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the
law.  The name of SPH or any other Marks
may not be used in any way, including in any advertising or publicity, or as a
hyperlink without prior written permission of SPH.
5.3
The domain name on
which the Site is hosted on is the sole property of SPH and you may not use or
otherwise adopt a similar name for your own use.
5.4
If you have any questions or concerns about these Website Conditions or any
issues raised in these Website Conditions or on the Site, please contact us at:
sphcc@sph.com.sg.
6.
Online Conduct
6.1
You hereby undertake:
6.1.1
to comply with these Website Conditions, and such other notices or
guidelines that may be posted on the Site by SPH from time to time (which are
hereby incorporated by reference into these Website Conditions);
6.1.2
not to use any Service or SPH
Content for any unlawful purpose, and to comply with all applicable laws and
regulations, including without limitation, copyright law;
6.1.3
not to hack into, interfere with,
disrupt, disable, over-burden or otherwise impair the proper working of the
Site, Services or Servers, which shall include but is not limited to
denial-of-service attacks, spoof attacks, session hacking, sniffing, tampering,
reverse engineering or reprogramming; and
6.1.4
not to
use the Account of another Member at any time, whether with or without his/her
permission.
7.
Disclaimers & Limitations
7.1
While we
make every effort to ensure that all SPH Content displayed on the Site is
accurate and complete, we provide the SPH Content for informative purposes and on an ‘as
is’, ‘as available’
basis only without warranties of any kind either express or
implied.  To the fullest extent
permissible pursuant to applicable law, SPH disclaims all warranties, express
or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of satisfactory
quality, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, compliance with
description, or the warranty of non-infringement.  Without limiting the foregoing, SPH does not
warrant that the functions contained in or access to the Site, Services, SPH
Content or other content will be timely, uninterrupted or error-free or without
omission, that defects will be corrected, or that the Site, Services, SPH
Content or the Servers are free of viruses or other harmful components, or that
the download, installation or use of any SPH Content in or with any Computer
will not affect the functionality or performance of the Computer.  SPH does not warrant or make any
representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the SPH Content,
the Services, the Site or the Servers in terms of their correctness, accuracy, completeness,
reliability, or otherwise.  You (and not SPH)
assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction,
including any defect, problem or damage in any Computer.  You agree not to hold SPH liable for the loss
of any of your User Content that is due to any circumstances beyond the control
of SPH.
7.2
The data and
information made available on the Site are of a general nature and do not
purport, and shall not in any way be deemed, to constitute an offer or
provision of any professional or expert advice.
You should at all times consult a qualified expert or professional
adviser to obtain advice and independent verification of the information and
data contained herein before acting on it.  Any financial or investment information in
this Site are for use in Singapore only and are intended to be for your general information
only.  You should not rely upon such
information in making any particular investment or other decision which should
only be made after consulting with a fully qualified financial adviser.  Such information do not nor are they intended
to constitute any form of investment advice or any inducement, invitation or
recommendation relating to any of the products listed or referred to.  Any arrangement made between you and a third
party named on or linked to from these pages is at your sole risk and
responsibility.  SPH does not sponsor,
endorse or promote any financial products, services or information.
7.3
You acknowledge that it is not SPH’s policy to exercise editorial control
over, and to review, edit or amend any data, information, materials or contents
of any User Content, posting, email or any information that may be inserted or
made available on the Site by other users of the Services and that SPH does not
endorse and shall not be responsible for any such content.
7.4
You acknowledge and agree that SPH does not endorse or recommend, is not an
agent, reseller or distributor of, and has no control over Third Party Products,
and SPH hereby expressly disclaims all liabilities and responsibilities arising
in relation to any Third Party Products whether available or advertised via the
Site or on Linked Sites.
7.5
You agree that all statements, offers, information, opinions, materials, User
Content, and Third Party Products, from other users and from advertisers and
other third parties on this Site should be used, accepted and relied upon only
with care and discretion and at your own risk, and SPH shall not be responsible
for any loss, damage or liability incurred by you arising from such use or
reliance.
7.6
You also acknowledge and agree that some Services may enable other users to
upload User Content to the Site, and that some of these may be offensive,
annoying, unlawful, in breach of these Website Conditions, contain viruses or
cause you damage.  While we may remove
any such User Content brought to our notice at our sole and absolute discretion,
you acknowledge and agree that we cannot be responsible or liable for any User
Content, and you agree to exercise access and use User Content only at your own
risk and with care and discretion.
7.7
You agree that:
7.7.1
SPH shall be entitled at any
time, at its sole and absolute discretion and without prior notice, to add to,
vary, terminate, withdraw or suspend the operation of the whole or any part or
feature of the Site or Services without assigning any reason; and
7.7.2
access to or the operation of the
Site, Servers and/or the Services may from time to time be interrupted or
encounter technical or other problems and may not necessarily continue
uninterrupted or without technical or other errors,
and in any such
event, SPH shall not be liable for any loss, liability or damage which may be
incurred as a result.
7.8
In no event shall SPH be liable to you for any damages, losses, expenses,
liabilities under any causes of action (whether in contract or tort including,
but not limited to negligence, or otherwise) caused through the use of, or the
inability to use, the SPH Content, User Content, Services, Third Party Products,
any Computers, the Site, or any other website.
In the event that SPH is liable for damages despite the foregoing
provision, you agree that SPH’s aggregate liability to you for any and all
causes of action in relation to the SPH Content, Services, Site, and the Agreement,
shall not exceed the total amount of fees and charges paid by you for the
Services to SPH for the one (1) month period immediately preceding the time
such liability arose.
7.9
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall SPH
be liable for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental damages that
result from the use of, or the inability to use, the SPH Content, Services,
Site, or any other website, even if SPH or a SPH authorised representative has
been advised of, or should have foreseen, the possibility of such damages.
7.10
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, SPH disclaims all liability for any direct, incidental or consequential damage or loss suffered by you that may result from the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Data, including but not limited to any loss of, or any inability to retrieve, any Personal Data, howsoever caused, or any inaccuracy in the Personal Data presented, used or transmitted.
7.11
You agree that the above exclusions and limitations of liability enable the Services and the SPH Content to be provided by SPH at either reasonable costs or no costs to you.
8.
Linked Sites
8.1
SPH may provide links to other sites ("Linked Sites") that may be of
relevance and interest to users.  SPH has
no control over, and is not responsible for the content on the Linked Sites or
for any damage you may incur from the Linked Sites (including any virus,
spyware, malware, worms, errors or damaging material contained in the Linked
Sites) or the availability of any content on the Linked Sites, and you hereby
irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to the Linked Sites.
9.
Data Use & Privacy
9.1
Please do not submit any personal information or data without first reading
our Privacy Policy which
explains our data use and privacy practices in detail.
10.
Termination
10.1
You agree that SPH
has the right in its sole and absolute discretion and without notice to restrict, suspend, or terminate
your Account and/or your access to all or any part of the Site or Services,
without assigning any reason.
11.
Notification of Infringement
11.1
SPH reserves the right to investigate notices of copyright, trademark and
other intellectual property infringement (“Infringement”)
in respect of SPH Content, User Content and other material on the Site (“Infringing Material”) and take
appropriate action.  If you believe that
your work has been used or copied in a way that constitutes Infringement and
such Infringement is occurring on this Site, please notify SPH in writing
immediately in the form and containing the information prescribed by the
Singapore Copyright Act (Cap. 63) (“Infringement
Notice”).
11.2
All Infringement Notices shall be sent to SPH addressed as follows:
The Company Secretary
1000 Toa Payoh North, News Centre,
Singapore
318994
+65 6319 6319
+65 6319 8388
sphlegal@sph.com.sg
11.3
SPH will duly consider all Infringement Notices submitted in the above
manner.  In return, you agree that you
shall not take any legal action or exercise any legal remedy you may have against
SPH in respect of any Infringing Material, unless you have first given SPH the
Infringement Notice and sufficient opportunity to remove the Infringing Material,
and thereafter SPH refuses or fails to remove the Infringing Material within a
reasonable time.  Where SPH removes the
Infringing Material in response to your Infringement Notice, you agree not to
exercise and you hereby waive, any right of action against SPH under applicable
law which you may have in respect of any Infringing Material appearing on the
Site prior to such removal by SPH.
11.4
You acknowledge and agree that SPH has no control and cannot undertake
responsibility or liability in respect of Infringing Material appearing on Linked
Sites or other third party sites.
12.
Jurisdictional Issues
12.1
This Site is owned and operated by SPH in Singapore.  SPH makes no representation that the Contents
of the Site are appropriate or available for use in your location.  Those who choose to access this Site from any
location do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with
local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
13.
Indemnity
13.1
You agree to indemnify and hold SPH, and its subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, agents, partners, and employees, harmless from all claims, demands,
actions, proceedings, liabilities (including statutory liability and liability
to third parties), penalties, and costs (including without limitation, legal
costs on a full indemnity basis), awards, losses and/or expenses, due to or
arising out of:
13.1.1
any use
of the Site or any Service;
13.1.2
your
connection to the Site;
13.1.3
your
breach of any terms and conditions of these Website Conditions;
13.1.4
your
violation of any rights of another person or entity; or
13.1.5
your
breach of any statutory requirement, duty or law.
14.
Severability
14.1
If
any provision of these Website Conditions is found to be illegal, void or
unenforceable under any law that is applicable hereto or if any court of competent
jurisdiction in a final decision so determines, these Website Conditions shall
continue in force save that such provision shall be deemed to be deleted.
15.
Relationship
of Parties
15.1
Nothing in these Website Conditions shall
constitute or be deemed to constitute an agency, partnership or joint venture
between SPH and you and neither party shall have any authority to bind the
other in any way.
16.
Waiver
16.1
No waiver of any rights or remedies by SPH shall
be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorised representative
of SPH.
16.2
A failure by SPH to
exercise or enforce any rights conferred upon it by these Website Conditions shall
not be deemed to be a waiver or variation of any such rights or operate so as
to bar the exercise or enforcement thereof at any subsequent time or times.
17.
Rights
of Third Parties
17.1
Except as provided for
in Clause 13, a person or entity who is not a party to this
Agreement shall have no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act
(Cap. 53B) to enforce any term of this Agreement, regardless of whether such
person or entity has been identified by name, as a member of a class or as
answering a particular description.
18.
Force Majeure
18.1
No party shall be liable for any failure to perform its obligations
under this Agreement if the failure results from a Force Majeure Event (defined
below), provided always that whenever possible, the affected party will resume
that obligation as soon as the Force Majeure Event occasioning the failure
ceases or abates.
18.2
For purposes of this Agreement, a “Force Majeure Event” is an event which is a circumstance or event
beyond the reasonable control of a party which affects the general public in
that party’s country or in the territory, and which results in the party being
unable to observe or perform on time an obligation under this Agreement.  Such circumstance or event shall include
industrial action or labour disputes, civil unrest, war or threat of war, criminal
or terrorist acts, government action or regulation, telecommunication or
utility failures, power outages, fire, explosion, natural physical disasters,
epidemic, quarantine restrictions, and general failure of public transport.
19.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
19.1
These Website Conditions and all matters relating to your access to, or use
of, this Site and the Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of Singapore including without limitation the provisions of the
Singapore Evidence Act (Chapter 97) and the Electronic Transactions Act (Cap.
88), without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
19.2
You hereby agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore
courts.
(Last updated on 2 July 2014)
Copyright © 2020 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All Rights Reserved
Home
|
Site Map
|
Privacy Statement
|
Personal Data Protection
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Content Licensing
|
Advertise