http://spinlight.com/privacy/
Your privacy is our priority - Spinlight Studio
Educational Apps and Games for Kids
facebook
twitter
android
apple
Apps
Billy’s Coin Visits the Zoo
Winky Think Logic Puzzles
AlphaTots Alphabet
TallyTots Counting
Geography Drive USA
Operation Math
Gappy Learns Reading
Gappy Learns Writing
YodelOh Math Mountain
Swapsies Jobs
Swapsies Sports
Pixel and Parker
Operation Math Code Squad
TableTots Teacher
Geography Drive Arcade
DrawBridge Sketches
YodelOh Classic
Blog
Support
Studio
Select Page ...
Our Privacy Policy
Keeping the focus on the fun.
At Spinlight, we work hard to make magical learning experiences that kids love and parents trust. To ensure that that trust, we’ve created the following Privacy Policy to help you understand the information we (“Spinlight,” “we,” “us”) collect and how it’s used.
What we collect and why.
Spinlight may use tools or third-party analytical software to collect and use data including, but not limited to: (i) device properties, including the IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier (“Device ID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) playing duration, game progress, score and achievements; (iv) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Spinlight to enhance our products and services.
What we don’t collect.
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If a user is identified as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use such personal information, and any personal information that has been provided will be deleted.
What we do with the information you provide.
Any personal information that you choose provide to us will be used solely for the purpose it was intended, this includes, but is not limited to:
Email List:
When you subscribe to our email list, you will be asked to provide your email address. Your email may be provided to a third-party service solely for the purpose of fulfilling your request. This is an opt-in service and you may unsubscribe at any time.
Technical Support: When you request technical support, we may ask for information relevant to your request, including information about your device, your software, your operating system and your contact information. This information will only be used to assist you with your support request.
Contests and Promotions: If you participate in a contest, you may be asked to provide personal information, including but not limited to your name, email address and physical mailing address. By providing this information, you agree to receive future promotional materials. You may opt out of these promotions at any time by contacting us at apps@spinlight.com
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links to third-party sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party websites or services from our website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of the information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If you have any questions concerning our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at apps@spinlight.com.
Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at apps@spinlight.com.
3356 Big Pine Trail, Champaign IL, 61822
apps@spinlight.com
217-351-6700
Email Us
Name *
Email *
Message *
Submit
Notes *In general, we limit Internet access to a low-profile store link, outside of the game playing action and designed to discourage use by small children.
Newsletter
Stay Connected
Our Apps:
Apps
Blog
Support
Studio
Read our Privacy Policy
Copyright © Spinlight Studio. All Rights Reserved.