https://spsoft.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 23.07.2020
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy describes the manner in which SPsoft collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://spsoft.com website (“Site”).
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may collect personally identifiable information or PII from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, submit a CV, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number, etc. We will collect PII from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to provide their personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities. Our website is not intended for children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 16. If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use or access the website at any time or in any manner.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may collect aggregated, anonymized, non-personally identifiable information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-PII may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about the User’s means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES
We collect browser cookies — small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and placed on the hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Site may not function properly and some features may not work as intended.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
SPsoft may collect and use Users PII for the following purposes:
To provide services
Any personal identification information Users submit will be be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To recruit
In order to apply for a specific job position, the User may submit a CV, which will be useful for validating candidate qualifications. We may share your personal data with our customers in connection with vendor selection and/or outsourcing assignments.
To improve user experience
We may use information in the aggregated form to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails (newsletter)
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER GDPR
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), enforced May 25, 2018, imposes additional requirements upon companies to strengthen the security and enhance the protection of personal data of EU residents. SPSoft has a cross-functional team overseeing our GDPR readiness. We discuss SPsoft efforts and commitment to GDPR below.
Subject to applicable law, you have such rights in respect of your personal data:
to obtain a copy of your personal data together with information about how and on what basis that personal data is processed
to rectify inaccurate personal data (including the right to have incomplete personal data completed)
to erase your personal data (in limited circumstances, such as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed)
to restrict processing of your personal data under certain circumstances
to port your data in a machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you
to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (where that processing is based on your consent)
to obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your personal data is transferred to a third country or international organization.
In addition to the above rights, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to any processing of your personal data for which we have justified on the basis of a legitimate interest, including profiling (as opposed to your consent) or to perform a contract with you.
You have the right to object at any time to any processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for marketing purposes. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection.
If you wish to access, amend, delete, migrate your personal information we store, or restrict us from processing your PII, please send your request to contact@spsoft.com
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personally identifiable information to others.
In connection with our Services, recruitment and/or subcontracting assignments, we may share your personal information with our parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies located in the UK, Europe, USA, or any other country in which SPsoft or jointly owned companies and other affiliated entities operate.
Your PII may be accessible to third-party service providers (such as hosting providers, marketing and analytical software providers, customer relationship management and accounting software providers, human resource management software providers, and others), which are necessary to run company operations and provide Services.
All third-parties shall comply with this Privacy Policy and we conclude processor agreements with such entities so that your personal information also continues to remain protected in the course of such relationships.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
FOR HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Information is retained for as long as is needed for the purposes provided above.
WHAT CAN YOU DO IF YOU NO LONGER WANT TO RECEIVE PERIODIC EMAILS (NEWSLETTER) FROM US?
You can opt-out of any automated notifications or communications by:
Following the instructions included with each email;
Contacting us with an unsubscribe request to contact@spsoft.com email address.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you accept our Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to this Policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
SPsoft has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. We strongly recommend you to check this page from time to time in order to stay informed about how we protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Where the changes are significant, we will email all our registered users and provide them with the new details.
CHANGES OF BUSINESS OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL
SPsoft may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of the Company. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@spsoft.com