http://spywarewarrior.com/sww-help.htm
The Spyware
Warrior Guide to
Getting Help w/
Spyware:
Tips &
Suggestions
On this page...
If
Your PC is  Infested w/ Spyware & Adware...
Protecting
Your PC...
Questions & Contact
Other pages
of interest...
Rogue/Suspect Anti-Spyware
Pages
Anti-Spyware
Programs: Feature Comparison
Anti-Spyware Testing
(by Eric L. Howes)
Spyware Warrior Blog
Spyware Warrior Forums
Spyware
Warrior Home
Return
to top
If Your PC is
Infested w/ Spyware & Adware...
If your PC is already infested with spyware and adware, you can get help
in the Spyware Warrior
forums from a corps of savvy
volunteers who specialize in busting spyware.
To get help with a spyware infestation:
1.
Clean your PC as best you can
Download and run one (or all) of these free anti-spyware scanners
and remove whatever spyware and adware it finds.
Ad-aware
Personal Edition
AVG
Anti-Spyware
Windows Defender
Spybot Search & Destroy
SUPERAntiSpyware
You should also scan and clean your computer with whatever
anti-virus program you happen to have installed on your computer. If you don't have an anti-virus program, you can
scan your computer
with one of these online anti-virus scanners:
BitDefender
ScanOnline
Microsoft
Malicious Software Removal Tool
ewido
online scan
Command
on Demand
Panda ActiveScan
Trend
Micro Anti-Spyware for the Web
eTrust
AntiVirus Web Scanner
Trend
Micro HouseCall (ActiveX)
McAfee
FreeScan
Trend
Micro HouseCall (Java)
...
or download and run one of these free standalone virus removal tools:
avast! Virus Cleaner
Microsoft
Malicious Software Removal Tool
Dr.Web CureIt!
AVG
vcleaner
Panda
PQRemove
McAfee
AVERT Stinger
Sophos
SAV32CLI
2.
Register in the Spyware Warrior forums
Once you've cleaned your PC as best you can, you can visit the Spyware
Warrior "HijackThis
Log" forum. This forum is staffed by expert
volunteers who specialize in helping users who are battling spyware and
adware problems.
Before you request help in the Spyware Warrior forums,
you'll need to register
(which is free). Click the "Register"
link in the upper right hand corner of the forum page.
3.
Download & run HijackThis!
Once you've registered you can post a HijackThis! log to the "HijackThis
Log" forum. HijackThis! (HJT) is a free program that will scan key system
settings on your PC and generate a plain text log that you can copy and
paste into a post. The volunteers at Spyware Warrior will examine that
HijackThis! log and recommend a course of action to fix your PC.
Before you download HijackThis!, create a special folder on your
hard drive for it. Then download HijackThis! from HERE
or HERE to
the folder you created. Once
HijackThis! is downloaded to your special folder, double-click on it to run
the program.
In the main program window hit the "Scan" button.
HijackThis! will scan key settings on your PC and generate a list of
results, as pictured below:
HijackThis! scan results
Once HijackThis! has finished scanning, hit the "Save log"
button (which replaces the "Scan" button). HijackThis!
will prompt you for a location to save a plain text log file of its scan
results. It will also open that plain text log in Windows Notepad. From
within Notepad you can copy and paste the complete the complete
HijackThis! log into a post at Spyware Warrior, as explained below.
If you encounter any problems running HijackThis! or generating a log
file, post your question in the "HijackThis
Log"
forum.
Warning: Do not attempt to use
HijackThis!
on your own to fix problems. Let one of the expert volunteers examine
your HJT log and advise you on what to fix.
4.
Post your HijackThis! log
In order to help you clean your system, the volunteers at Spyware
Warrior need a good sense for what's going on with your
computer. When you're ready to post and request help...
Start a new discussion topic/thread in the "HijackThis
Log" forum.
Give your discussion topic/thread a distinctive title.
Describe the symptoms and problems you're experiencing.
Describe what you've already done to solve the problem.
Copy and paste your HJT log into your post.
Be patient while waiting for a response.
The volunteer spyware busters who work at Spyware Warrior do
this kind of thing all day long, so you'll be in good hands. At times
they can be a bit overwhelmed, so please be patient while waiting for
help.
If the volunteers at Spyware Warrior appear to be too busy, you can
try posting your HJT log to one of these other spyware removal forums:
SpywareInfo
Geeks To Go
Aumha
Spybot S&D
Bleeping Computer
SpywareBeware
SpywareHammer
Tech
Support Guy
Cexx.org
TomCoyote
5.
Follow removal instructions precisely
Once a volunteer does give you advice for cleaning your PC, follow
those instructions precisely and report back what the results are. Also,
you may be asked to download and run other specialized anti-spyware tools to
remove the particular spyware that's on your computer.
Once your PC has been cleaned, be sure to take
steps to prevent
it from being overrun with spyware adware again.
Return
to top
Protecting Your PC...
Once you've cleaned your system of unwanted spyware and adware, you
should take steps to defend your PC and prevent it from bring overrun
again. What follows are basic suggestions for protecting your PC from
spyware and adware.
1.
Install an anti-spyware scanner (or two)
All PCs should have at least one dedicated anti-spyware scanner. An
anti-spyware scanner works much like a anti-virus program (such as Norton
AntiVirus or McAfee VirusScan), except that it scans for spyware and
adware instead of viruses, trojans, and worms.
Although major anti-virus vendors such as McAfee, Symantec, and Trend
Micro have been adding spyware and adware detection to their products,
none of these anti-virus programs can be relied upon to provide good
anti-spyware protection.
At present we recommend the following anti-spyware scanners:
Ad-aware
AVG
Anti-Spyware
Pest Patrol
Spy Sweeper
Spyware
Doctor
SUPERAntiSpyware
Windows Defender
Note to Vendors: please do not email me and
request to be added to the above list of "recommended" products. This
list of "recommended" products is based on extensive experience with the
listed products and is not a list to which one can apply for admission.
Disclaimer: the
maintainers of Spyware Warrior have enjoyed consulting relationships with
Sunbelt Software, makers of the
CounterSpy anti-spyware application. Given that relationship and the
inherent conflict of interest it represents, we refrain from recommending
CounterSpy. Spyware Warrior has no financial relationship with any of
the companies whose products are listed or recommended above. We are not employees, affiliates, representatives, or
other agents of any of these companies.
In addition, there are
other "freeware" scanners that you may
find useful:
Spybot Search & Destroy
You should not rely exclusively on this short list of
recommendations, however. Rather, you should
investigate and test
a range of reputable
anti-spyware programs to find the programs that are best
suited to your own privacy and security needs. See this comparative
feature guide for information on a dozen of the most reputable
anti-spyware programs on the Net.
Moreover, we recommend that you install and use at least two
anti-spyware scanners because, unfortunately, no single anti-spyware
program detects and removes 100
percent of the spyware and adware on the Net. For more information see
the anti-spyware
testing reported elsewhere on this site.
Anti-Spyware for the Mac
We're starting to get more and more questions from Mac users about
anti-spyware. At this time, the only anti-spyware program that we know of
for the Mac is:
MacScan
Anti-Virus & Firewall ApplicationsIn the past year,
several anti-virus, anti-malware, and personal firewall applications have incorporated
robust anti-spyware detection and removal. These programs include:
Agnitum Outpost Firewall Pro
F-Secure Anti-Virus &
Internet Security
Kasperksy Anti-Virus &
Security Suite
Norton Anti-Virus &
Internet Security
NOD32
Panda Titanium &
Platinum
Trend Micro PC-cillin
ZoneAlarm Pro &
Security Suite
Although these anti-virus and personal firewall products may offer some
protection against spyware and adware, we still recommend that users not
rely exclusively on one of these products in lieu of a dedicated
anti-spyware product, such as those listed
earlier on this page.Disclaimer: the
maintainers of Spyware Warrior have enjoyed consulting relationships with
Sunbelt Software, makers of the
CounterSpy anti-spyware application. Given that relationship and the
inherent conflict of interest it represents, we refrain from recommending
CounterSpy. Spyware Warrior has no financial relationship with any of
the companies whose products are listed or recommended above. We are not employees, affiliates, representatives, or
other agents of any of these companies.
2.
Install anti-malware protection
Basic Free Protection
Scanning for spyware and adware isn't enough to protect your PC. You
also need to take preventative steps to ensure that unwanted software
doesn't come back. One effective way to prevent spyware and adware from
returning is to install an anti-spyware prevention program such as:
SpywareBlaster
SpywareGuard
SpywareBlaster and SpywareGuard are excellent, free programs from
JavaCool. I recommend installing and using both, as they protect your
computer in different ways. SpywareBlaster "inoculates" your
Internet Explorer browser against the installation of unwanted spyware
and adware from the internet. SpywareGuard actively monitors your PC and
prevents spyware infestations. Both are easy to install and update.
Advanced HIPS & Rootkit Protection
In the past few years a new generation of anti-malware protection
products has emerged. This new type of anti-malware protection, called
HIPS (Host Intrusion Protection System), works at the kernel level to
intercept malware before it hits your hard drive and infects the system.
Although this technology is still maturing, a HIPS defense may be worth
looking into for some users. For a run-down of the latest HIPS
applications, see this discussion on the Spyware Warrior forums:
Sandbox,
HIPS, Virtualization, & System Hardening Apps
Advanced users may also be interested in the broadening array of
anti-rootkit programs that are available:
Rootkit
Info & Detection Apps
Please keep in mind the HIPS and anti-rootkit applications are both
emerging technologies that may not be appropriate for home users who
aren't technically savvy.
3.
Lock down your browser
One of the most prevalent means for spyware and adware to be
installed is through Internet Explorer. To prevent spyware and adware
from installing without your knowledge and permission, you need to
"lock down" Internet Explorer. There are several ways to do
this.
Securely configure the Internet zone
First, you can securely configure the Internet zone of Internet
Explorer and add sites that you trust to the Trusted sites zone. This
means that by default web sites will not be able to use "active
content" (i.e., ActiveX controls, Java applets, and scripting)
until you explicitly choose to trust those web sites.
Internet zone Security Settings
See this page for
instructions on how to securely configure Internet Explorer:
Internet Explorer Privacy & Security Settings
By turns, you could also use this free program, which will
automatically configure Internet Explorer for you:
Enough
is Enough!
One potential downside to securely configuring the Internet zone is
that some web sites will not work properly until you add them to the
Trusted sites zone -- a process that some users find cumbersome.
Add bad sites to the Restricted sites zone
Second, you can use another approach to "locking down" Internet
Explorer which avoids the hassle of broken web sites by adding known
"nasty" sites to the Restricted sites zone.
Doing so gives
your PC protection against known threats while still allowing most web
sites to work by default.
To put the clamp down on a long list of
undesirable web sites, you can install and use this free Restricted
sites list:
IE-SPYAD
IE-SPYAD is simple to use and won't slow down your system
because it doesn't run in the background -- it simply configures
Internet Explorer more securely.
If you choose to use the Restricted sites approach of IE-SPYAD, be
sure to update your copy of IE-SPYAD regularly, as new web sites are
constantly being added to the list.
Internet Explorer Restricted sites
4.
Use an alternative browser
Internet Explorer is not only the most popular browser on the Net, it
is also the browser most widely and easily exploited by spyware pushers
to install spyware and adware behind users' backs. Thus, you might
decide that Internet Explorer is simply not worth the hassle or risk. In
that case, you can install and run an alternative, non-IE browser such
as:
Mozilla
Firefox
Opera
All three of these browsers are mature, robust, and fast. Moreover,
they have built-in pop-up blocking and several other nice features that
Internet Explorer simply lacks. More importantly, all three of these
browsers are much less susceptible to unwanted adware and spyware
installations. And all three are free.
Note: even if you do switch to an alternative browser, you
should still lock down Internet Explorer, as described above. Given that
Internet Explorer has effectively been integrated into Windows, it can
still be exploited by adware and spyware that gets installed to your
system through other means. Thus, locking down Internet Explorer remains
important even if you're not regularly using Internet Explorer to browse
the internet.
5.
Keep your system safe & secure with Windows Update
To prevent unwanted spyware and adware from being installed behind your back, you need to install all the latest
"Critical Updates" from Microsoft. Doing so is easier than you might think.
Microsoft has an entire Windows
Update site devoted to automatically updating users' systems with all the latest fixes and patches for a wide range of Microsoft software, including Windows, Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), and Internet Explorer.
We strongly urge you to take your system past the Windows Update site and let that site download and install the appropriate fixes for your computer. Doing so just might save you some grief and headaches down the road:
Windows Update
http://windowsupdate.microsoft.com/
Much of the update process at Windows Update is automated, so it's
simple and convenient. The Windows Update site will install a small program to analyze the software on your system and recommend the appropriate fixes. This process takes only a few minutes.
Once Windows Update has finished analyzing your system, you'll be presented with a menu of downloads that Windows Update deems appropriate for your computer.
Windows Update: Review and install
selected updates
At a minimum
you should let Windows Update install the fixes marked as "Critical Updates." The other available updates
("Recommended Updates," "Driver Updates") are optional.
Check the boxes for the updates that you wish to install
("Critical Updates" are checked by default). Then click the appropriate button to start the download and installation process. You'll be shown a summary of the updates that you've selected, and then you'll presented with a "License Agreement." After you click through the "License Agreement," the download and intallation process will start.
Since the entire download and installation process is automated,
there's almost nothing for you to do except reboot the computer after all the updates have been installed.
6.
Read Licenses & Privacy Policies
Anti-spyware applications alone can't protect you entirely from
unwanted spyware and adware. You have to do your part as well by being
vigilant in your online behavior.
One of the more common sources for spyware and adware is
"freeware" (e.g., Grokster or KaZaA) that bundles unwanted third-party applications.
Another common source involves third-party web sites that automatically
start the installation of spyware and adware when you visit those sites.
These auto-installed spyware and adware programs may initially appear
to be plug-ins necessary for the web site itself, though usually they
are not.
Wherever you happen to encounter spyware and adware, you will usually
be presented with a EULA (End User License Agreement) and/or Privacy Policy.
Example End User License Agreement
Do not blindly click through these documents. Read them carefully and
look for the tell-tale language that discloses the presence of adware or
spyware. For tips on what to look for, see these pages:
DSLReports.com
- EULAs & Privacy Policies
The
Problem with Privacy Policies
Ben
Edelman - Grokster and Claria Take Licenses to New Lows
Ben
Edelman - Gator's EULA Gone Bad
EULAlyzer (free
EULA parsing/analysis
tool)
Most if not all of the "adware-supported" or
"advertising-supported" applications on the Net have adware-free
equivalents. There's simply no need to use advertising-supported
applications. If you're looking for truly free software
without any unwanted surprises, see the following sites:
CleanSoftware.org
OldVersion.com
FreeWindows.dk
The
OpenCD
GNUWin
II
The
OSSWin Project
Moochers
Other Anti-Spyware Tools
There is a wealth of specialized anti-spyware tools on the Net, many
free for the taking. For a more complete list of anti-spyware products, see:
Spyware/Adware/Hijackware
Tools
Return
to top
Questions &
Contact
If you have questions or comments about any of the information
presented on this page, please don't hesitate to get in touch.
Best regards,
SpywareWarrior.com
Return
to top
This page is maintained by
This page last updated: Aug.
5, 2006
© Copyright 2004-2006
SpywareWarrior.com