https://statseeker.technichegroup.com/privacy/
×
Solutions
Instant network visibility
Network forensics and root cause analysis
Infrastructure utilization and capacity planning
SLA oversight
Professional services
Features
Success Stories
Pricing
Resources
Technical documentation
About
Contact
Support
Respecting your privacy
This is the Data Protection policy of Techniche EMEA Limited and covers the services offered by Techniche at statseeker.technichegroup.com (“the Website(s)”).
The purpose of this statement is to inform users of the Website what information is collected about them when they visit this site, how this information is used, if it is disclosed and the ways in which we protect users’ privacy.
By visiting this Website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this privacy policy which may be amended from time to time. If you use this Website you are agreeing to be bound by this policy at any time.
Passwords.
Where we have given you (or you have chosen) a password to access the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please do not share it with anyone.
The Website stores your password securely. Site administrators are unable to access or view existing passwords, but can change them on request.
Confidentiality and security.
When you register with us, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, address and contact details in order to send you newsletters to which you subscribe and for the provision of information about products or services you have requested.
Any information you provide will be held securely and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
There are a limited number of circumstances where we may share some or all data about you that we hold with others, such as:
With our sub-contractors who assist us in the provision of the support services we provide to you;
In the event that our business assets are ever sold to or purchased by another company;
If we are under a duty to disclose or share personal data about you in order to comply with any legal obligation at the request of public authorities; or
On your express consent.
By submitting data, you agree to this collection, transfer, storing or processing of data about you for the purposes described in this policy. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure data about you is treated securely in accordance with this policy, and all information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or those of our sub-contractors.
However, the personal information that we collect from you may be sent and stored outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By registering on the website or sending us your personal information by other means, you are indicating your consent for your personal information to be sent, stored and processed outside the EEA.
Using cookies.
Cookies are small data files that websites generate and ask to store on your computer. Most websites use cookies in one form or another. They are typically used to:
remember settings, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
remember information you give to a website, such as a list of products in your shopping basket
measure how you use the website so we can make sure it meets your needs
To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit www.AboutCookies.org, or please read on to find out more about how we use cookies.
Measuring Website use.
Google Analytics is in use to collect information about how visitors use this site. This provides us with important information that can enable the site to work better. We do not link this information to your name or address.
The following cookies are used by Google Analytics:
Name
Typical content
Cookie expires after
_utma
Randomly generated ID
2 years
_utmb
Randomly generated ID
30 minutes
_utmc
Randomly generated ID
when you close your web browser
_utmz
Randomly generated ID
6 months
_utmv
Randomly generated ID
6 months
_jsuid
Randomly generated number
up to 20 years
first_pv_[site_id]
1 or unknown
when you close your web browser
unpoco_[site_id]
1 or unknown
up to 1 day
no_tracky_[site_id]
1 or unknown
up to 24 hours
Understanding your web browser capabilities.
We set some cookies to store information about your browser settings, to understand which functionality to enable on the site.
The following cookies are used:
Name
Typical content
Cookie expires after
has_js
1 or blank
When you close web browser
Remembering your choices.
Certain sections of our site remember your choices, so you can be provided with the right information if you visit other pages, and then return.
For example, if you filter a list of information we will remember your choice and default to that selection if you visit the page again. These choices are not tied to any personally identifiable information.
The following cookies are used:
Name
Typical content
Cookie expires after
SESS<Randomly generated ID>
A random string
Up to 24 days
Try Statseeker free for 45 days.
Experience our network monitoring solution for yourself. Email us now to request your free trial. Setup takes less than an hour.
This site uses cookies. Find out more.Okay, thanks