https://stormconsultancy.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Who we areWe are Storm Consultancy (EU) Ltd. Our website address is: https://stormconsultancy.co.uk.This policy (together with any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.stormconsultancy.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the data processor is Storm Consultancy (EU) Ltd (Storm) of 14 New Bond Street, Bath BA1 1BE. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer for Storm who can be contacted via dataprotection@storm-consultancy.com. All members of staff at Storm are committed to confidentiality and have received training in order to comply with GDPR.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.Contact formsYou may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site www.stormconsultancy.co.uk or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include your name, address(es), email address, telephone number, and business details.You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. Data will only be used if you have opted in or consented to contact either by checking certain boxes on our data capture forms or by obvious verbal consent. You will be able to unsubscribe from any marketing communications at any time and this will be exercised immediately. This can be performed by clicking the unsubscribe button on an email campaign or by contacting us directly. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at hello@stormconsultancy.com.External and internal linksOur site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsIn line with our Cookie Policy detailed above, www.stormconsultancy.co.uk uses Google Analytics to gain insights about our site visitors, improve the functionality of our website and enhance the users online experience.Who we share your data withWe may share your information with selected third parties including:advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.We may disclose your personal information to third parties:in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.if our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions, and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.Data collected will be stored by Storm for up to 13 years unless required for administrative, legal, or security purposes.What rights you have over your dataThe Data Protection Act and GDPR legislation gives you the right to access information held about you. If you have an account on this site, have left comments, or been in contact with our company, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. We will ensure any of the above is performed (upon written request only) within a reasonable time period.This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our hosted server suppliers. How we protect your dataWe will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. In the event of a Data Breach, we will ensure you are contacted at the earliest convenience and will abide by our own Data Breach Policy.Changes to our privacy policyAny changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.ContactQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to hello@storm-consultancy.com.Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted directly via dataprotection@storm-consultancy.com