http://store.yahoo.net/cadandgraphics/privacypolicy.html
Search Our Site
Products
TurboCAD 2020TurboCAD for MAC V12FloorPlan 2020DesignCAD 3D MAX 2020SCANNERS & OCRClearance Items
Sign-Up For Offers!
Customer Service
View CartSite MapContact UsPrivacy PolicyCustomer Feedback
This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo! uses this information.
Privacy Statement
CAD & Graphics Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
We may, in the future, use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We may, in the future, use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Supplemental Information
This site supplements the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties.
Choice / Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to info@cadandgraphics.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
CAD and Graphics, 3 Plaza View Lane, Unit 103, Foster City, CA 94404
Third-Party Beacons
We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.
Contact Us
Call Us
650-389-2951
Email Us
info@cadandgraphics.com
Write Us
CAD and Graphics Inc
3 Plaza View Lane Unit 103
Foster City, CA 94404
FEATURED ITEMSTurboCAD Deluxe 2019 DVD for WindowsRegular price: $199.99Sale price: $149.99TurboFloorPlan Home & Landscape Pro 2019 For Windows - Electronic DownloadRegular price: $129.99Sale price: $199.99TurboCAD Mac Deluxe v12 -- Electronic DownloadRegular price: $249.99Sale price: $199.99IRISPen Air 7Regular price: $149.99Sale price: $129.00
Home | TurboCAD 2020 | TurboCAD for MAC V12 | FloorPlan 2020 | DesignCAD 3D MAX 2020 | SCANNERS & OCR | Clearance ItemsInfo | Privacy Policy | Show Order | Privacy Policy
Copyright© 2008-2017, CAD & Graphics  All Rights Reserved.
CAD & Graphics.com Privacy Statement
& Sales
Policies
web design