https://stoverdatasystems.com/privacy-notice/
Skip to content
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for stoverdatasystems.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. respond to a query.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email form or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information, however, we ask that you NOT submit sensitive information via the website!  Wherever we collect information (such as our Contact Form), that information is NOT encrypted when transmitted to us via email.
We protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Recourse
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 573-631-0805 or via email (hosting @ stoverdatasystems.com).
About Us Stover Data Systems is proud to provide clients with real solutions for their businesses at affordable rates. Because business today is dynamic, recommendations will always reflect the future position and goals of your company. …and consultation is always free!
Contact Us Stover Data Systems
P.O. Box 87
Farmington, MO 63640
573.631.0805
Or click here to send us an EMAIL!
Site MenuHome
Domain Registration
Web Hosting
Website Design
Online Payments
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice