https://studiox.com/studio_x/gdpr_policy/index.html
Skip to Content
studio x web design
website design
the process
content management
search engine optimization
google analytics
design portfolio
responsive website design
accommodations & lodging
arts & culture
business & technology
ecommerce & online stores
food
non profit
real estate
travel & tourism
site hosting
SSL Certificates
support services
hosting features
plans & rates
domain registration
data center
ecommerce
how it works
social media
studio x
gdpr policy
map & location
support request
pay online now
Home x studio x x gdpr policy
gdpr policy
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
Your privacy is of the utmost importance to studio x, inc. Accordingly, studio x, inc. adheres to the highest ethical standards in collecting, using and safeguarding personal information. We collect and use personal data only for delivery of our hosting and design services, payment processing and customer contact. We do not sell or share this information.
This information includes (but is not limited to):
Name
Email Address
Telephone Number
Company
Street Address (including City, State, Zip, and Country)
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We collect information so that we can offer you web and email hosting products, design services, and bill you and receive payment.
studio x, inc. will not contact you without your request. By becoming a client of studio x, inc., you agree to receive communications from studio x, inc. related to your services, products, and associated billing/payments.
When you utilize studio x, inc.'s website or online bill payment system, studio x, inc. may store some non-identifying information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file. Please refer to your browser instructions for managing these temporary files.
USE OF USER INFORMATION
studio x, inc. does not rent, sell or exchange information about its clients. Access to information about studio x, inc. clients is restricted to the studio x, inc. organization.
OBTAINING A COPY OF YOUR INFORMATION
If you would like to get a copy of your personal data that studio x, inc. has stored, please contact the studio x, inc. Internet Privacy Officer. You can expect a copy within 8-10 business days.
DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
If you would like to delete your personal data that studio x, inc. has stored, please contact the studio x, inc. Internet Privacy Officer. Any services that require the use of this data will be terminated. This may affect the ability to view your website and send/receive emails. You will receive confirmation that this has been completed within 8-10 business days.
studio x inc :: 805 early st, #b206, santa fe, nm 87505 :: 505.438.0505 :: email :: location map & directionshome :: all content © studio x inc, santa fe 1993 - 2017 : member of santafe.net