https://support.cch.com/privacy/default.aspx
Modal title
Log InRegister
Email Address
Password
Forgot Your Password?
Remember me
Cancel
Please review the Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting (TAA) Community Guidelines and Etiquette and accept the
Wolters Kluwer TAA Support Site Terms of Use
Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting (TAA) Community Guidelines and Etiquette
The Wolters Kluwer TAA Community engages and enables community members and community users to help each
other get the most out of their TAA products and services.
Community members may ask questions and share
constructive, helpful, ideas and comments related to relevant TAA products and services on this TAA Community
site (the "Site").
Anyone can read Submissions posted by community members.
To contribute to the Site, you must have a
customer account and login for https://support.cch.com.
To keep this Site useful to everyone, please follow these guidelines:
Post only product related questions and answers (unless otherwise noted) based on your own
experience.
Be polite, constructive, and stay on topic.
Search for questions similar to your own before submitting a new question to the community.
Reward helpful community members by marking answers to your questions as helpful and correct.
Avoid speculation and rumors.
For full details, refer to the Wolters Kluwer TAA Support Site Terms of Use.
Not finding the information you’re looking for? Search for the best answer using the search tool.
Or,
community members can help answer your question. If you have a specific or urgent support issue that requires
an immediate answer, consider the other resources made available to you such as an online request directly to
our technical support staff, https://support.cch.com/contact or you can contact technical support by calling
800-739-9998.
Note: Wolters Kluwer TAA COMMUNITY ETIQUETTE AND TOU DO NOT APPLY TO CONTENT INCLUDED WITHIN PRODUCTS OR
SERVICES SOLD BY TAA, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO SEPARATE POLICIES.
Wolters Kluwer TAA Support Site Terms of Use
(Effective December 11, 2017)
This Wolters Kluwer TAA Support Site Terms of Use (the "TOU") provides important information about your
use of the TAA Support site (the "Site").
These TOU do not apply to content included within products or services sold by TAA, which are subject to
separate policies and agreements.
IMPORTANT: IF YOU CHOOSE TO ACCEPT THIS TOU, YOU MUST ACCEPT IT AS PRESENTED TO YOU, WITHOUT CHANGES. TAA
WILL ACCEPT NO ADDITIONS OR DELETIONS. At any time TAA may change, add, or remove any part of this TOU or
any part of the services and features provided at the Site. If it does so, TAA will update the TOU here
(Terms of Use) and may also post such changes elsewhere on the Site. IF ANY FUTURE CHANGE IS UNACCEPTABLE
TO YOU, YOU SHOULD DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE WILL ALWAYS INDICATE YOUR
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS TOU AND ANY CHANGES TO IT.
General
As long as you comply with the TOU, TAA grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Views expressed on the Site are not endorsed by TAA.
TAA does not prescreen questions, answers, information and content submitted by members of the
Site ("Submissions").
While the Site is moderated by TAA representatives, it is not guaranteed
that they will contribute information or provide answers.
TAA retains the right, but not the
responsibility, to edit, delete, or remove any Submission, or take action against you or any
account, at any time, for any reason including actions deemed by TAA to violate theses TOU.
TAA will make good faith efforts to investigate allegations that Submissions violate theses
TOU but (a) makes no warranty to you that it will edit, remove, or continue to permit the
display of any specific Submission, whether or not subject to such allegations, and (b) will
have no liability whatsoever for editing, removing, or continuing to permit the display of any
Submission whatsoever.
TAA may, but is not required to, send an email that informs you that
your Submission has been removed, deleted, or edited.
Repeated inappropriate Submissions may
result in your relevant account or accounts being placed into temporary or permanent suspension
of your ability to participate in any or all of the areas on the Site.
If your Submission is
removed or rejected because it does not comply with these TOU, you may not resubmit a review
on the same topic, even if the resubmitted Submission includes different content.
TAA involvement. TAA may respond to questions but does not formally provide technical support
on the Site. Any information that is provided by TAA or TAA employees is offered on an "AS IS"
basis without warranties of any kind.
TAA may provide a system whereby members acquire points for participation on the Site.
Do not
game the system by creating multiple IDs or otherwise manipulate the points system.
The benefits and privileges provided by using the Site do not create an employee, agency or
independent contractor relationship between you and TAA, and you may not present yourself as a
spokesperson for TAA.
TAA uses "cookies" and other technologies to track member activity within the Site. These
technologies help us improve your experience and our products and services. TAA’s use of this
tracking information will conform to TAAs Privacy Policy
https://support.cch.com/privacy/default.aspx
TAA Support Communities includes a "connections" feature which allows members to receive email
notifications when another member submits a post.
This feature requires an approval process
where a member can deny connection requests and remove connections at any time.
To submit information to the Site, each member must have a customer account and login for
https://support.cch.com
If you provide any ideas, suggestions, or recommendations (“Feedback”) on this site regarding
TAA’s products or services, TAA may use such Feedback and incorporate it in TAA products,
technologies, and services without paying royalties and without any other obligations or
restrictions.
By using the Site, you agree to receive certain communications from TAA in connection with
TAA Support Communities. TAA may respond to your post directly in the TAA Support Communities
or may attempt to contact you outside the site via telephone, email or other method of
communication. For example, you may receive reminder emails for posts if you have not visited
TAA Support Communities for a certain period of time, a reminder to respond to answers that
have helped you or solved your question, or a survey on improving the services offered at the
Site.
For questions or problems regarding the Site, please post a question on the Site, or email:
https://support.cch.com/contact/
Submissions. Submissions should be relevant and based on your own honest opinions and
experience.
Stay on topic. Submissions should either be a product question or a product answer to use TAA
products and services more effectively.
If Submissions are arranged by topic, please only
provide topic related Submissions.
Do not add Submissions about:
Discussions of TAA policies or procedures or speculation on TAA decisions.
Comments or questions on pricing, availability or implementations and the like that are not
about product support, instead, please reach out to your sales rep.
Be polite. This is a professional site.
Don’t attempt to drown out other people's opinions or
engage in name-calling or attack people based on whether you agree with them.
TAA will not
tolerate inappropriate statements, material, or links, in particular no Submissions that are:
taunting, libelous, defamatory, indecent, harmful, inflammatory, harassing, intimidating,
threatening, hateful, objectionable, discriminatory, abusive, vulgar, obscene, pornographic,
sexually explicit, or offensive in a sexual, racial, age, ability, cultural, or ethnic context.
No advertising, solicitations, or promotions.
Do not advertise, promote, or solicit your own, or any third party, goods or
services.
Do not compare, refer to, or include links/URLs, to your own or any third
party products and services.
Don’t impersonate other people or organizations or pretend to be someone or something you're
not. Member names may not contain website, email addresses or other contact information.
Keep within the Law.
No material may be submitted that is intended to promote or commit an illegal act.
Submissions must be your own or Submissions to which you have permission to use.
You warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the
information contained in your Submission. The TAA designated agent for DMCA notices is:
Law Department
CCH Incorporated
2700 Lake Cook Road
Riverwoods, IL 60015
Phone: 8475805045
Email: wkuslawdept@wolterskluwer.com
Misconduct may violate state and federal laws, including the Federal Trade Commission Act,
and can lead to legal action and civil and criminal penalties.
License to Use Submission. By sending a Submission to the Site you agree to grant TAA a
perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, modify,
adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, play, make
available to the public, and exercise all copyright and publicity rights with respect to the
Submission. If you do not want to grant to TAA the rights set out above, do not send your
Submission to the Site.
Never reveal any personal information, such as social security numbers or tax return
information.
Minors
You must be at least 13 years old to post to the Site. If you are over 13 years old but have not yet
reached the age of majority, you must have your parent or guardians permissions to post to the Site.
Interference with the SiteYou agree to not interfere with or disrupt the Site.
Reporting Abuse. For some types of Submissions, including reviews, answers, and discussions,
you can report possible violations of these TOU by choosing the “flag” option from the drop-down menu
on the post and entering the reason you believe it violates these TOU.
This site uses cookies.  By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Continue or Find out more.
Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy
Last updated:
June 11, 2020
Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting
North America, “we,” “us,” “our,” or “Wolters Kluwer TAA NA”) is committed to
protecting the privacy of anyone who visits our websites or registers to use our
services or to attend our events. This Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy (the “Notice”)
is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, storage,
and disclosure of information we collect via our websites or any of our mobile
applications and the consent required for those activities. This Notice applies
to any of our websites, applications, products, software, or services that display
a link to this Notice (the “Websites”). Please be sure to carefully read this Notice
in its entirety before using or submitting information to this site.
Your use of this website
Use of this Website constitutes your
agreement to the terms of this Notice and the application of any applicable
laws and regulations. Whenever you submit personal data and any other information
via this Website, you acknowledge that data and information will be collected,
used and disclosed in accordance with this Notice.
Our services are geared towards
professionals and not aimed at children.  In compliance with the United States
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not seek information
from children 13 and under.
Information we collect
We will use and process your personal data
lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner. We will collect and use your
personal data solely for the specified and legitimate purposes stated in this Notice.
We
use your personal data to:
·       set
up your account and verify your identity;
·       provide
the products or services and related activities you request;
·       provide
direct and digital marketing communications via email, direct mail and
telephone communication or through personalized online experiences;
·       provide
you with best-practice and thought leadership content that is relevant to your
job function and/or company;
·       contact
you, if you request that we contact you or to send you the requested information;
·       provide
better customer service when you contact us;
·       improve
the quality, content and overall user experience of the Websites;
·       notify
you of new features and updates to the Website or any of our products;
·       administer
surveys, contests and other promotional events; and
·       address
other business needs such as website administration, security and fraud
prevention, legal compliance and business continuity.
Information you provide
to us
The
Websites actively collect information from its visitors both by asking you
specific questions when you interact with us such as:
i.
registering on our Websites;
ii.
signing up to receive information from
us;
iii.
making a purchase;
iv.
entering into promotions or contests;
v.
accessing certain parts of the Websites;
vi.
benefiting from specified Website
features;
or otherwise by
permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail.
You can choose not to
enter any of your Personal Data into the Websites. However, if you choose not to
provide us with your Personal Data in these circumstances, we may be unable to
respond to your inquiry, engage in further communications with you and/or
provide the requested services.
We will,
depending on the nature of your communication with Wolters Kluwer TAA NA with
respect to your visit to the Websites, use your Personal Data as follows:
·       If
you are making an inquiry about how our services could help your business: we
will use your Personal Data to respond to any inquiry you may make and/or
provide you with information that you request from us because it is in our
legitimate interests to use your Personal Data to communicate with you, to
respond to your request and develop the relationship between us;
·       If
you view or download a content asset (e.g., white paper, case study,
competitive analysis, etc.): we will use your Personal Data
to provide you with information and materials that could be relevant or related
to the content asset that you viewed or downloaded because it is in our
legitimate interests to use your Personal Data to communicate with you and
develop the relationship between us;
·
If
you are making an inquiry about how your business could support or work with
our business: we will use your Personal Data to consider how
your business could support or work with our business because it is in our
legitimate interests to use your Personal Data to consider whether it would be
beneficial to work with your business;
·
If
you are an existing client, supplier, or partner of ours and you are making an inquiry
about your agreement or relationship with us: we will use
your Personal Data to respond to you as an existing client, supplier or partner
of ours in relation to a pre-existing agreement or relationship because it is
in our legitimate interests to use your Personal Data to manage your business'
relationship with us. It may also be necessary for us to:
o
use
your Personal Data to perform an agreement with your business, where we would
be unable to provide those services to or receive them from your business
without that information (for example, if a particular service or information
is to be provided to you at your business, we would be unable to provide that
service or information unless we were able to use your Personal Data for that
reason);
o
use
your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation relating to how we manage
our business or our relationship with your business;
·
If
you are member of the public and you are making an inquiry about whether you
could work for us: we will use your Personal Data to consider
and decide how to respond to your inquiry because it is in our legitimate
interests to use your Personal Data to consider whether we have any suitable
job vacancies and to contact you about them. It may also be necessary for us to
use your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation relating to how we
manage our business;
·
If
you are making any other type of inquiry, such as to "request a demo": we
will use your Personal Data to consider and respond to your inquiry because it
is in our legitimate interests to use your Personal Data in order to determine
how to answer your query and/or provide you with the relevant information
and/or service. Depending on the subject of your inquiry, it may also be
necessary for us to use your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation
relating to how we manage our business or our relationship with your business;
·
If
we do not know you or your role at your business: we
may also use your Personal Data to confirm your identity and the business that
you work for, as well as your role at that business. We do this because it is
in our legitimate interests to make sure that your inquiry is genuine and is
not being made for fraudulent reasons or is spam. We may also do this because
we may be subject to legal obligations which require us to confirm the details
that you provide to us before entering into a relationship with you; and
·
If
you opt-in to receive marketing communications, we will use your Personal Data
to contact you to share information about the relevant products, services, news
and events. When you enter your contact details for this reason and click
"sign up", you will be consenting to us contacting you for these
purposes. We will only be able to send you marketing communications if you have
provided your consent.
When
you provide us with your information, you are giving your consent for your Personal
Data to be used by us to contact you by email, direct mail and telephone, and
to deliver personalized website experiences, to share information about
relevant products, services, best practice information, industry news and
events. You are entitled to withdraw your consent to us contacting you or to
amend your communication preferences by contacting us at the email address
listed under Contact Information below or by going to Communication
Preferences.
If you decide that you
do not want to receive any correspondence from us about the services we could
provide your business, including communications regarding product information,
press releases, newsletters, marketing, promotions, and/or other topics please
click the "unsubscribe" link provided in that promotional email
message or go to Communication
Preferences. Withdrawing your consent will not
affect our use of the Personal Data prior to you withdrawing that consent but
it will mean that we will not be able to contact you about the services we may
be able to offer you or your business in the future.
We will let you
know where you must provide us with Personal Data in order to perform an
agreement with you or your business or to comply with a legal obligation.
Information we
collect from your browser and your device
As you navigate
through the Websites, we will automatically collect information about your
interaction with the Websites such as your IP address, traffic data,
clickstream information, time stamp, location data, web logs, other
communication data and the resources that you access when you visit the
Websites and your browser or other applications on your device interact with
it. We automatically collect this data using various technologies such as cookies,
web logs and beacons and internet tags as described below. This information
allows us to better tailor our content to users’ needs and is only gathered
while you are on the Website.
We automatically
receive and record such information on our server logs from your browser. As
discussed below, we use this information to diagnose problems with our server,
report aggregate information for statistical analysis, determine the fastest
route for your computer to connect to our Websites and administer and improve
the Websites.
To the extent
this information constitutes personal data, we use it to ensure that content
from the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for you and your
device because it is in our legitimate interests to improve our customers'
online experience in relation to the Websites.
Sharing of
information with third parties
We do not sell,
rent or lease your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties without your
consent. However, we may share your Personal Data with third parties in certain
situations in order to confirm your identity, respond to your query and
facilitate your use of the Websites. By visiting the Websites you agree to the
following disclosures:
a.   we
may check your Personal Data by searching for your name and that of your
business in publically available and private databases of business and
individuals, which will use the details entered by us to provide us with the
search results. For example, we may use databases such as those retained by
LinkedIn or data.com for this purpose;
b.   we
may pass your information on to selected third parties including:
·
our service providers and
sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or
you;
·
our business partners, but only to the
extent you have purchased or expressed an interest in a product or service of
such business partner or interacted with or otherwise authorized the sharing of
your Personal Data with such business partner;
·
advertisers and advertising networks that
require the data to select and serve ads to you and others;
·
a purchaser or successor entity in the
event of a sale or other corporate transaction involving some or all of our
business or as needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets, or as
needed for external audit, compliance or corporate governance related matters;
·
analytics and search engine providers
that assist us on the improvement and optimisation of the Websites; and
·
a third party to which we have a duty to
disclose or share your information (i) to enforce or apply our terms of use and
other agreements; (ii) as required by applicable law, court orders, government
regulators or legal process (including subpoenas); (iii) as necessary to
protect the property, safety and rights others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organisations for the purpose of fraud
protection and credit risk reduction.
We also share
your Personal Data with our affiliates for the purposes set forth in this
Notice.
Additional information for California residents: In addition to
the information provided in this privacy policy, additional information for California residents
can be found here.
Use of cookies
Our
Websites use “cookies” to enhance your use of the Websites and/or services and
to monitor your activity during your visit(s) to the Websites. Cookies are
small text files that are stored on your browser and the hard drive of your
computer, mobile or other handheld device. The cookies store information about
your visit to the Websites and distinguish you from other users. Our use of
cookies allows us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our
Websites.
The
use of cookies helps us to display content on the Websites and also allows us
to obtain and analyze statistics about the use of the Websites so that we can
improve it. By continuing to use the Websites you consent to our use of cookies
as explained in this Notice
Below
is a description of the types of cookies used on the Websites and provides
detail about what they are used for. When you use the Websites for the first
time, cookies which are essential to make the Websites operate (see those
identified as "essential cookies" below) will have been set. If you
do not want other cookies set, please adjust your browser settings as described
below under “Disabling
or deleting cookies.”
Some cookies are
deleted when you close your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others
remain on your device until they expire or you delete them.  These are known as
persistent cookies and enable us to remember things about you as a returning
visitor.
If you do not
want cookies to be stored, then you may turn off certain cookies described
below individually or you can select the appropriate options on your web
browser to delete some or all cookies. Please note, however, that if you block
some or all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to use or
access all or parts of the Websites, such as being able to log on to member
specific areas.
How we use Cookies on our Websites
Session Cookies
We use session cookies for the following
purposes:
To control access to paid for
subscription content.
To allow you to carry information
across pages of our Website and avoid having to re-enter information.
To allow you to access stored
information for future use, such as registration.
To compile anonymous, aggregated
statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Website and to
help us improve the structure of our Website.
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies for the
following purposes:
To control access to paid for
subscription content.
To help us recognize you as a
unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our Website and to allow
us to tailor content to match your preferred interests.
To compile anonymous, aggregated
statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Website and to
help us improve the structure of our Website.
To internally identify you by
account name, email address, customer ID, and location (geographic and
computer ID/IP address).
To tailor content to your
preferences.
Third Party Cookies
Third parties serve cookies via our Websites.
These are used for the following purposes:
To serve content on Websites and
track whether this content is clicked on by users.
To control how often you are shown
particular content.
To count the number of anonymous
users of our Websites.
For Website usage analysis.
To link the information we store in
cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our
Websites.
Disabling or deleting
cookies
You can set your browser so that
installed cookies are deleted and you do not receive cookies during your next
use of the website. Below are links to instruction on how to remove
different types of cookies from different browsers:
Chrome
Mozilla
Explorer
Safari
Opera
If
you disable or delete cookies, it may be that you do not have access to (parts
of) the website or that the website does not work optimally. To find out
more about these functions, it is best to consult your browser instructions or
the help function of
your browser.
Please
note that Google and other third parties (including, for example, advertising
networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services)
may also use cookies as a result of you visiting other websites, over which we
have no
control.
We do not currently commit to responding
to web-browser do not track signals or other mechanisms that provide users the
ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Data about a
user's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online
services (“DNT”). This is due in part, because no common
industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology
companies or regulators. We will continue to monitor developments around DNT
browser technology and reassess our practices with respect to DNT as needed.
Security
We have
implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures on our servers,
which are designed to protect your Personal Data from accidental or unlawful
destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, Personal
Data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
You should keep in mind that Internet
transmissions (including emails) are never completely secure or error-free. As
such, you should take steps to protect yourself, especially online and take
special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail or other
transmissions. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special
access features on the Websites, it is your responsibility to safeguard them. You should
choose a strong password, do not use the same password that you use on other websites
and do not share your password with anyone else.  Also remember to sign out of
our Websites and close your browser window when you have finished to ensure
that others who may have access to your computer cannot access your Personal
Data.
Links to other
websites, social media and public forums
This site may
contain links or references to other websites. Please be aware that we do not
control other websites and, except as otherwise noted in the applicable
website, this Notice does not apply to those websites. We encourage you to read
the privacy and cookie policy of every website you visit. We are not
responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by these
third parties.
We may offer
certain “share” or “social media” functionality on some of our Websites.  If
you choose to use these functions, we may and/or the third party social media
networks may collect certain information about you depending on the function or
feature you use.  With respect to the social media features (such as allowing
you to post information about your activities or share your information with
others on a social media site), the collection and use of information by and
your interactions with the third party social media network will be governed by
the privacy policy of the company providing those social media features.  We
are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by
these third parties.
By providing us
with Personal Data about other people, you warrant that they have provided you
with their consent to receive the relevant “share” or “social media”
communication.
Some of our Websites may provide forums
and other areas where you can communicate with others and publicly post
information. All the information (including any of your Personal Data) you post
will not be private and will be accessible by anyone with Internet access, and
may be read, collected, and used by others. You should use caution when posting
any Personal Data to these public areas.
Marketing and customer
relationship software applications
Your
Personal Data may be held in our marketing automation software and customer
relationship management software (Salesforce) for the purposes outlined above,
and to properly track compliance, such as previous consent or opt-ins, as well
as your company’s relationship history with us.
For more information on how these
applications use your Personal Data, please follow the links listed below:
·
Marketo
·
Eloqua
·
Salesforce
·
Pardot
·
Salesforce Marketing Cloud
(ExactTarget)
·
Hubspot
·
SendGrid
·
Return Path
·
Google Analytics
·
Google Adwords
·
Unbounce
·
Adroll
·
Magento
European data
protection legislation
For the purposes
of this Notice, "European Data Protection Legislation"
means all applicable legislation relating to data protection in the European
Economic Area ("EEA"), including the EU General Data
Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR") and all
legislation implementing or made under or pursuant to or replacing or
superseding the GDPR. Where this Notice uses terms which are defined in the
GDPR, the definitions set out in the GDPR will apply.
"Personal Data"
is data relating to you from which you can be reasonably identified. Examples
of Personal Data include your full name, email address, postal address,
telephone number, job title or the company you work for. We recognize that your
Personal Data is valuable and we process it in accordance applicable law, and,
to the extent that it applies to your Personal Data, with European Data
Protection Legislation.
Data Controller
Wolters Kluwer TAA NA is the data controller
responsible for the processing of your Personal Data collected from the
Websites under the European Data Protection Legislation (to the extent that it
applies to Personal Data collected about you) and other applicable law.
Your Rights
under the European Data Protection Legislation
With respect to
the Personal Data that Wolters Kluwer TAA NA collects about you from the
Websites, to the extent that you are located in the EEA, under European Data
Protection Legislation you have the right to:
a)   request
access to that Personal Data;
b)   receive
a copy of the Personal Data that you have provided to Wolters Kluwer TAA NA in
a structured commonly used format so that you can share it with others;
c)    where
Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, ask for Personal Data to be
rectified or completed;
d)   request
the transfer of your Personal Data to another party;
e)   ask
that Personal Data be erased;
f)    object
to us processing your Personal Data by asking for the processing of that
Personal Data to be restricted or stopped. For example, if Wolters Kluwer TAA
NA uses your Personal Data for marketing purposes; and
g)    make
a complaint to a European data protection authority about the manner in which Wolters
Kluwer TAA NA processes your Personal Data.
Please contact the person listed under “Contact
Information” below to exercise these rights or for additional information. When
you contact us to exercise the above rights, we may ask for further information
from you, to confirm your identity, as we take the protection of your Personal
Data seriously.  If you have an online account with us, you may be able to log
into your account to access and update the information you have provided to us.
International data transfers
We store and process your personal data
in the United States. We may transfer and access such information from around
the world, including other countries in which we have operations or in which our
hosted service providers’ cloud servers are located.   By providing us with
your personal data, you consent to this transfer. Your data shall be protected
in accordance with this Notice regardless of where it is processed or stored.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may from time to time amend this
Notice to reflect any changes in WK' practices, services and legal obligations.
If WK makes any material changes to the way WK collects, uses or shares your
Personal Data, WK will notify you of those changes by posting an updated notice
on the specific site to which it relates or by an electronic communication to
you, which will indicate the effective date of the proposed changes. Your
continued use of the Sites and the services following the effective date of a
change to this Notice signifies your acceptance and agreement to the terms of
the revised notice. WK encourages you to periodically visit this page to
determine the current terms to which you are bound. This Notice has been
revised at the “Last Updated” date displayed at the top of this Notice.
Contact information
If you have any questions, comments or
concerns about this Notice or our privacy practices or wish to file a
complaint, please contact us in one of the following ways:
Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting North
America Data Protection Officer:
Email:
TAAPrivacySecurity@wolterskluwer.com
Address:
Attn:
Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting North America Data Protection Officer
Wolters
Kluwer
2700
Lake Cook Rd.
Riverwoods,
IL 60015 USA
Chat with our virtual representative
×