https://surehand.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is a priority of Surehand, Inc. (“Surehand”).
This Privacy Policy applies to https://surehand.com, https://app.surehand.com, and any other website owned, operated, or controlled by Surehand (the “Site” or “Sites”), and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Surehand include https://surehand.com, https://app.surehand.com, and Surehand, Inc. The Surehand website is an online talent sourcing and recruiting website used by workers and employers (together, “Users”).
By using a Surehand Site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide Job Seeker Users with features and services offered on our Site, Surehand may collect personally identifiable and non-personal information, such as your:
First and last name
E-mail address
Phone number
Mailing address
Current employer
Job title
Work history
Education and training
Industry certifications
Supervisor name and email address (for verification of work history)
If you are a User with an employer subscription to Surehand, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Surehand may also gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Surehand site features (such as the Messaging feature), this information may be collected and used by others.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site (b) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (c) sending us an email message; and (d) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site.
If you are a User with a worker account with Surehand, you may choose to delete your Surehand account at any time. Doing so will permanently remove all personally-identifiable and non-personal User information from our database. Please contact us at support@surehand.com to request account deletion.
Use of your Personal Information
Surehand collects and uses your personal information to operate its Sites, deliver the services you have requested, and inform you of other products or services available from Surehand and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Surehand does not sell, rent or lease its User lists to third parties.
Surehand may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. Surehand may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Surehand, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Surehand may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Surehand or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Surehand; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Surehand, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Surehand may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Surehand, in order to determine what Surehand services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver features within Surehand to Users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular feature. Such tracking is also used to make improvements to the Surehand User experience.
Surehand also uses Hotjar, a technology service that helps us better understand our Users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what Users do and don’t like, etc.) This feedback enables us to build, maintain, and improve our service. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our Users’ behavior from a particular device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form) including device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual Users or to match it with further data on an individual User. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a Hotjar user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Surehand. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain the quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Surehand website.
Use of Cookies
The Surehand website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, after you first login to Surehand, a cookie helps Surehand streamline the login process during future visits. When you return to the same Surehand website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Surehand features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Surehand services or Sites you visit.
Links
Surehand Sites contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Surehand is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Sites and to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Surehand secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Surehand uses the following methods for this purpose:
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol;
256-bit data encryption, in transit and at rest.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We are committed to taking appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and Surehand through the Sites cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Surehand does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen (13). Our Site, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least sixteen (16) years old or older. If you are under eighteen (18), you may use the Service only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Disconnecting your Surehand Account from Third-Party Websites
You may be able to connect your Surehand account to your account(s) with third parties. BY CONNECTING YOUR SUREHAND ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD-PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect your account from a third-party account at any time.
Email and Text Communications
From time to time, Surehand may contact you via email or text message for the purpose of providing system notifications, company announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communications. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Surehand or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Surehand, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the Unsubscribe link in the footer of any Surehand email communication.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third-party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Surehand reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our Site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through the Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Us
Surehand, Inc., welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that Surehand has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact Surehand at:
Surehand, Inc.
17500 Depot Street, Suite 170
Morgan Hill, California 95037
privacy@surehand.com
Surehand Privacy Policy, version 1.1. Effective as of July 29, 2019.