https://surpass.com/terms-and-policies
Don’t miss our next webinar: Surpass Community members share their usage of simulations in high-stakes financial exams >
North America
UK & International
Website Terms and Policies
Marketing Cookie Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Marketing Cookie Policy
Last updated 26th June 2020.
We are BTL. Depending on where you are, your BTL group company contact is BTL Surpass Inc of 224 Valley Creek Boulevard, Suite 210, Exton, PA, 19341, USA, or BTL Group Limited of Salts Mill, Victoria Road, Saltaire, West Yorkshire, BD18 3LF, United Kingdom This cookie policy applies to btl.com, surpass.com and all other BTL websites that use cookies.
BTL reserves the right to change this policy from time to time (including without limit details of the cookies used). Where BTL chooses to include more or different cookies in the future, BTL will ask website users to click on an updated cookies consent box that refers to updated information in this cookies policy.
Information about our use of cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies can expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) or they can be stored for longer BTL uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website.
Cookies help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allow us to improve our website.
By clicking on the cookies consent box on BTL’s website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies and this cookie policy.
Types of cookies
We may use the following types of cookies:
Session cookies. These are cookies that allow websites to link user actions during a browser session. We may use these for a variety of purposes such as remembering usernames and passwords to move between different functional sections of a site. Session cookies expire after a browser session and are not stored long term.
Persistent cookies. These are cookies that are stored on a user’s device between browser sessions and which remember the preferences or actions of the user across a site (and in some cases across different sites). These may be used to remember usernames and passwords.
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of our website.
Strictly necessary/essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. All information that these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region) and therefore provide enhanced, more personal features.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website more relevant to your interests.
First party and third party cookie use
The further information section below identifies first party cookies (cookies used by BTL) and third party cookies (that is, other organisation’s cookies) used in connection with BTL websites.
Disabling cookies
Generally cookies will make your browsing experience better.
However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this and other BTL websites. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
If you block all cookies (including essential cookies) in your browser settings you may not be able to access all or parts of this website or other BTL websites.
Further information
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Description and Purpose
Session or Persistent
First/Third Party
Google Analytics
(_utma, _utmb,_utmc, _utmz, _ga,_gat)
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.
We use the information to compile reports about the use of our website, and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they have visited.
Persistent for up to 2 years
Third Party
HotJar
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form.
Persistent
Third Party
WordPress
WordPress cookie for a logged in user. This is used to remember the user’s login details if they have an account for the BTL network of sites.
Session and persistent for up to 2 years
First Party
YouTube
To provide analytics information regarding how the video was viewed.
Persistent
Third Party
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated 4th November 2020.
We are BTL. Depending on where you are, your BTL group company contact is BTL Surpass Inc of 224 Valley Creek Boulevard, Suite 210, Exton, PA, 19341, USA, or BTL Group Limited of Salts Mill, Victoria Road, Saltaire, Shipley, BD18 3LF, United Kingdom. We are a data controller of the marketing and other contact information that we collect from individuals.
If you agree to be on and to remain on our contact list, from time to time we will send you:
information about our BTL products
information about BTL related events (for example, news about the Surpass conference)
The legal basis of our processing of your contact information is consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Categories of personal data that we hold about you are typically name, email address and details that relate to your professional job role.
We use Mailchimp to send our marketing communications. Mailchimp is a US company that has an appropriate safeguard mechanism in place for personal data processing which means that Mailchimp is obliged to protect BTL marketing information and use it only on BTL’s instructions.
We use other third party providers to help us to store and manage contact information, for example, Google LLC and Zapier Inc.
We ensure that all third party providers that we use have in place contracts for the protection of your contact information that oblige them to protect your contact information and use it only on BTL’s instructions. Where our third party providers are US companies, we ensure that they have an appropriate safeguard mechanism in place for personal data processing so that they are obliged to protect individuals’ contact information and use it only on BTL’s instructions.
We share marketing and contact information that we collect with our group companies for the purpose of making decisions about marketing strategy and lead generation. Where we share personal data with our US subsidiary, BTL Surpass Inc, we have in place an EU Model Clause Agreement that obliges our US subsidiary to protect your contact information and use it only on BTL’s instructions.
Our retention period for contact information is determined in the following way: for anyone who is not a customer and who has not clicked on or responded to any marketing emails from us within a timeframe of 2 years, we will remove your contact information from our database.
You have the right to have a copy of the personal data that we hold about you. In addition, you can ask us to rectify or reduce the amount of personal data that we hold about you, or can ask us to delete your personal data from our database. You can withdraw your consent to receive any marketing emails from us at any time. Where you wish to do this, please let us know by clicking on this link and unsubscribing.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (the UK regulator), where you feel that we have misused or abused the treatment of your personal data.
You are not contractually obliged, or obliged by law, to provide any personal data to us. Where you do not provide your personal data to us, or withdraw your consent for us to use your personal data, we will not be able to send you information about BTL products or information about BTL related events.
We profile you in the following ways. We look at the sector that you work in, organisation’s name and the location and country where you work, with a view to us making contact with you more relevant. For example, if you are working in healthcare or financial services, we would
try to tailor our newsletters and invitations that we send to you so that they are more likely to be of interest to you. If you are a customer and are using a particular version of our Surpass product, we also aim to tailor our communications with you so that you receive information about the Surpass version which is most relevant to you. If you are interested in conferences, we look at your past conference attendances with a view to trying to suggest other meetings that you might be interested in attending.
Website Terms of Use
Last updated 26th June 2020.
Terms and conditions
Your use of this website constitutes your unqualified agreement to accept and comply with these Terms and Conditions.
Information contained on this website
1. For the avoidance of doubt none of the information on this website constitutes an offer to contract in any country in which it is available.
2. Whilst we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on this website, errors may occur. We cannot give any warranty or representation as to the accuracy of the information and do not accept responsibility for errors or omissions or for any action or decisions based on the information.
3. This website is owned by BTL Group Limited and is operated for the benefit of all BTL group companies. All content is protected by copyright and may not be used except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions without our prior written approval. We do not warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on this website will not infringe the rights of third parties.
4. You will not copy, adapt, download, exploit or otherwise use the information contained on this website in any way, save for the purpose of: enquiring about or requesting information relating to services featured on this website; or downloading and temporarily storing one or more of the pages of this website for the purpose of viewing, for your personal use only, on a personal computer or terminal. For the avoidance of doubt you will not be entitled to reproduce, permanently store, or retransmit any of the contents of this website without our prior written consent.
Using this website
5. Your use of this website is at your risk. The information and materials provided on this website are of a general nature only and cannot be regarded as constituting advice or recommendations (professional or otherwise).
6. We exclude all warranties, express or implied, relating to the information and materials on this website to the fullest extent permitted by law.
7. Whilst we try to keep our anti-virus software up-to-date we do not warrant that the website, its servers, downloadable files or e-mails which may be sent by us, are free from viruses or other harmful components.
8. You must not:
8.1 introduce or attempt to introduce any virus or other contaminant into this website or any of its software or systems; or
8.2 in any way attempt to access, alter, de-compile, reverse engineer,destroy or otherwise tamper with any part of this website,its software or systems.
Web Links
9. Web links are links by which visitors can move from one website to another or from one page to another within the same website. Deep links are hypertext links which take visitors into a particular page on a website whilst bypassing the homepage of that website. This website contains hypertext links to third parties’ websites. Any hypertext links and deep links between our primary website and any third party website are provided for your convenience only and we accept no liability whatsoever for the contents of any such third party website. We exclude to the fullest extent permitted by law all liability that may arise in connection with or as a result of third party website material causing any damage, costs, injury or loss of any kind. Please note when you link to a third party website the provisions of our Privacy Policy do not apply to any personal data collected and processed by that website’s operator. You agree that you will not create any hypertext links between this website and any other website without our prior written consent.
Trade Marks, Logos And Service Marks
10. The trade marks, logos and service marks (collectively the Trade Marks) displayed on this website (whether registered or unregistered) are and shall remain the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on this website shall be construed as granting any licence or right to use any Trade Mark displayed on this website without the written permission of the relevant Trade Mark owner. Your misuse or infringement of any of the Trade Marks displayed on this website is strictly prohibited.
Feedback And Complaints
11. Any queries, feedback or comments you may have about this website should be submitted by emailing using the contact page.
Security
12. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that any information you provide via email on this website is kept secure, but please remember that, because of the nature of the internet, the security of emails cannot be guaranteed. Consequently your privacy cannot be guaranteed. There is no guarantee that any emails sent will be received by us. Additional information regarding the the use of cookies on BTL websites is available in our Website Cookie Policy.
Connection And Charges
13. You are responsible for obtaining an appropriate connection with a telecommunications provider in order to access this website.
14. You are responsible for the costs of all charges you incur in accessing and using this website.
General
15. These Terms and Conditions apply only to your use of this website. If you subscribe to any of the services described on this website we will ask you to agree to be bound by the terms of a separate agreement setting out the basis upon which such services will be provided.
16. If any of these Terms and Conditions are unenforceable it shall not affect the enforceability of the rest of them.
17. These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
For more information, and if you need to access any previous versions of these terms and policies, please contact legal@btl.com.
Improving the assessment
experience for everyone.
Sales: +1 800-388-7998
Email: sales@surpass.com
Follow the Surpass Community
Software & ServicesSurpass: Assessment Software
Test Development Services
Remote/Center Test Delivery
Surpass CommunityAbout the Community
Community Stories
News
Events
Webinars
Podcasts
Provided by BTLAbout us
Careers
Contact
Certifed ISO 27001:2013
Information Security Management
© 2020 Surpass, Powering Assessment.
Provided by BTL Group Ltd. Terms and Policies.
Don’t miss our next webinar: Surpass Community members share their usage of simulations in high-stakes financial exams >
Skip to content
Getting Started
–
–
First Steps
Building a Case
Tendering & Piloting
Integrating Surpass with your Business
–
Training
Accessibility in Surpass
FAQs
Test Development Services
–
Services
Experts in building tests
A leading-edge assessment solution works best when combined with high-quality services to support your assessment program. Within the Surpass Team, and the Surpass Community, we have experts ready to help you ensure your tests are defensible, fair and they always belong to you.
–
Test Development
Consulting
Test Conversion
–
Bespoke Development
Training & Support
A Community of Experts
Assessment Software
–
Software
What is Surpass?
Surpass is a market-leading professional end-to-end assessment platform used for the authoring, banking, administration, delivery, scoring, and reporting of computer and paper-based tests.
–
Surpass Overview
Item Banking & Authoring
Test Assembly
Secure Multi-Device & Paper Test Delivery
–
Adaptive & Personalized Progress Testing
Scoring & Feedback
Psychometric Reporting
Integration & QTI
Remote/Center Delivery
–
Delivery
Global test delivery services
As a trusted assessment provider, we are delighted to offer our professional range of test delivery services to selected partners. Our dual camera technology for online proctoring, is both flexible and highly secure and globally, our Test Center Network is one of the largest in the world.
–
Delivery Services Overview
Online Proctoring
Deliver in our Test Center Network
–
Deliver in a Third-Party Network
Become a Test Center Supplier
Community
–
Community
Who are the Surpass Community?
Surpass has been developed by a fast-growing community of assessment experts with the common goal of utilizing technology to improve the assessment experience for everyone. Get involved with the Surpass Community to help make assessment better, together.
–
About the Surpass Community
Community Stories
Surpass Conference
–
News
Events
Webinars
Podcasts
Company
–
Company
Provided by BTL Surpass Inc.
BTL Surpass Inc., (part of BTL Group Ltd.) is a global provider of assessment services and technology powering the development and delivery of tests for credentialing and licensure organizations, K-12 institutions, HE, state government agencies and national testing programs across the world.
–
About us
Meet the Board
Careers
–
Awards, Affiliation & Membership
Accreditation & Compliance
GDPR
Contact
Demo
North America
UK & International
Our site uses cookies to ensure you get the best viewing experience. Find out more.Accept