https://talon.openprivacy.org/
Essentials:
Overview
Developer Notes
Resources:
Download
Javadoc
Talon
An OpenPrivacy
Java Component Framework
Overview:
Talon is a simple yet powerful component system similar to XPCOM or Microsoft COM.
Talon solves a number
of problems with these existing systems and is designed to incorporate Reputations (Sierra) as part of its Component
factory mechanism.
The use of Reputation to drive component selection enables a
Talon based system to evolve over time, becoming more powerful.
This mechanism
is similar to advanced profiler
technologies but works with distributed systems.
Advantages:
Thin factory/component mechanism for managing components.
Utilizes Reputations to determine
how to best serve/create a Component.
Components can be served based on
interface name, reputation and bias of the requester.
(planned for 1.0)
Simple, easy to use and doesn't require significant modification of
application design.
All objects within the system have a unique URI and can be requested
from the ComponentFactory via this URI.
This is desirable within
distributed P2P component environments.
Talon provides a central code/project location for standard interfaces
(logging, property management, etc).
This enables developers to code to a
standard interface across projects.
Maintains object lifetime (pools, singletons, on-demand, etc) without
having to dedicate application logic to this task in outside projects.
Talon initializes itself automatically which eases application
integration.
Written in 100% Java so that legacy languages don't damage the integrity
of the API (no IDL, interface based, etc).
Dual licensed under the GPL and BSD style.
This allows Talon to be used
within projects from the Free Software Foundation *and* the Apache Software
Foundation.
Commercial projects may also use Talon as the BSD license is
very flexible in this respect.
Status:
Fri Apr 13 18:42:10 2001 (burton@relativity.yi.org): Talon 0.1.0 Released. Downloads are available.
Talon is still in its early development stages.
Everything should be
functional except the Reputation Management Framework integration.
Talon serves the components for
OpenPrivacy projects