http://teacher.binary-academy.com/privacy
Privacy Policy – BinaryAcademy
BinaryAcademy |
Privacy Policy
Send us your feedback at ict@binarylogic.net
Help
Contact us
Help Guides
Guías de ayuda
Help- Contact us- Help Guides- Guías de ayuda
Privacy Policy
Home › Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Binary Logic has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering, storage, accuracy, use and dissemination practices for this site. Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Site Coordinator:
Binary Logic SA, Aigaiou 32, Alimos 17456 Greece
Tel: +30 210 9955604, Fax: +30 210 9938393, E-Mail: info@binarylogic.net
What is Privacy?
Privacy is usually defined in two ways: the right to be left alone, free from intrusion or interruption, and the right to exercise control over one’s personal information.
Use of Information
Our site does not use cookies. Our IP address log is used to gather broad demographic information. Our site receives feedback from members primarily through email. Our site’s forms require users to give us contact information (like your name, telephone, post and email addresses). The user’s contact information is used to contact the user when necessary. User’s personal data is stored on a secure server. Our online surveys ask users for their needs concerning the services provided by our site. Information received through the online survey is used for products and services development and improvement. This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site. If you visit our site to read or download information, such as consumer brochures or press releases:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or princeton.edu if you are connecting from Princeton University’s domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
We use this kind of information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail:
You also may decide to send us personally-identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail message containing a complaint. We use personally-identifying information from consumers in various ways to further our consumer protection and competition activities. We want to be very clear: We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us.
Opt-Out
Our site provides users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from our partners and us at the point where we request information about the user.
Sharing of Information by Binary Logic
All information gathered is used by Binary Logic and Binary Logic staff only. Binary Logic does not share or cross-reference personal information collected through site usage with any other databases or third parties, including other companies in the same group, other than in three exceptional cases, namely:
When the site is legally compelled to do so.
Where there is a duty to the public to disclose.
Where disclosure is made at the request or with the written consent of the user.
Therefore unless required to do so, we shall not respond to any enquiry unless we hold your written consent. If an enquiry is received without our having had your written consent to reply, we shall write to you requesting such consent. Our site makes no representations concerning the creation of profiles or the use of cookies by external Web sites that have links from our website or read and use information visible on our site.
What about kids?
Naturally, the safety of children is essential to us. Kids should always ask parents for permission before sending personal information to mmpi.net, or to anyone online for that matter. Parents, please keep in mind that the personal information we gather from children is used for editorial and feedback purposes, or for any purposes specifically described when the information is collected. We will not send any direct mailings to persons who indicate they are under 16 without first obtaining their parents’ permission.
Delete/Deactivate
This site gives users the option for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can send email to info@binarylogic.net.
Complaints Procedure
Should you have cause to complain about our site’s service, you should write in the first instance to the Site Coordinator. If you remain dissatisfied, you may write directly to the Managing Director of Binary Logic.
For more information
Electronic Frontier Foundation – a civil liberties organisation working to protect your rights online (www.eff.org).
Electronic Privacy Information Center – established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure (www.epic.org).
Privacy Issues Page – from the Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT) (www.cdt.org/privacy/).
The EPIC Cookies Page – definitions, links, and news (www.epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies/).
Site Created & Managed by Binary Logic SA
All contents copyright © 1998-2019, Binary Logic SA. All rights reserved.
Binary Academy provides academic support to the teachers and students that use the ICT courses developed by Binary Logic: Digital Kids, Digital Teens, Binary ICT Skills, Digital World and eSkills. Read here our privacy policy.
Copyright All contents of this website (unless otherwise stated) are protected by international copyright laws. You may not reproduce or distribute any part of this website without prior written permission, except as provided in the Educational Use Guidelines.
Disclaimer Please note: this website contains links to websites that are not maintained by Binary Logic. Although we make every effort to ensure these links are accurate, up-to-date and appropriate, Binary Logic cannot take responsibility for the content of any external websites.
Login
Username or Email:
Password:
signup now | forgot password?
Remember Me
Copyright © 2013-2019 Binary Logic SA. All rights reserved.