https://tecedu.com/about-us/privacy/
Experienced Provider of Design-to-Manufacturing Solutions & Teaching Labs
1.800.338.2238
info@TECedu.com
Facebook
Pinterest Linkedin Twitter Google+
Facebook
Pinterest Linkedin Twitter Google+
Our Privacy Statement
We are highly sensitive to the privacy interests of consumers and believes that the protection of those interests is one of its most significant responsibilities. In acknowledgment of its obligations, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy applicable to information about consumers that it acquires in the course of its business:
Acquisition of Information. We do not acquire any more information about consumers than is required by law or is otherwise necessary to provide a high level of service efficiently and securely.
Our Employees and Privacy. We train all of our employees about the importance of privacy. We give access to information about consumers only to those employees who require it to perform their jobs.
Security Measures. We make access to privacy-sensitive information subject to rigorous procedural and technological controls, consistent with legal requirements and the demands of customer service.
Disclosure to Third Parties. We will not provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to third parties unless we are compelled to do so by order of a duly-empowered governmental authority or it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
Privacy and Our Business Partners. We will not provide individually-identifiable information about consumers to our business partners unless it is necessary to process transactions and provide our services.
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via email. Thank you.
Search Our Website
Search for:
Stay Connected!!!
Name*Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Technology Education Concepts
Login
Sign Up
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Sign In
I accept the
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sign Up
Lost your password? Please enter your username or email address. You will receive a link to create a new password via email.
Have a Question?