https://technosoftware.com/cookie-policy/
Technosoftware GmbHHome
Solutions
Download
Support
Contact
Cart
0
Cart
CartCheckout
Email text sales@technosoftware.com
Log in button My Account
My account button My account
Log out button Log out
MenuHome
Solutions
Download
Support
Contact
Search for:
Cookie Policy
Who we are
This website https://technosoftware.com (“Our Site”) uses Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide you with a better experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use it. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur if you continue using Our Site. If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
Version History
04-SEP-2018 Updated used Cookies06-MAY-2018 Initial Version
1. Definitions and Interpretation
“Cookie”means a small file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site;“Cookie Law”means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”);“personal data”means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by the EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and“We/Us/Our”means Technosoftware GmbH, a limited company registered in Switzerland under company number CHE-207.926.081, whose registered address is Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland and whose main trading address is https://technosoftware.com.
2. Information About Us
Our Site is owned and operated by Technosoftware GmbH, a limited company registered in Switzerland under company number CHE-207.926.081, whose registered address is Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland and whose main trading address is https://technosoftware.com.Our VAT number is CHE-207.926.081.Our Data Protection Officer is Thomas Johannhson, and can be contacted by email at thomas.johannhson@technosoftware.com or by post at Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland.
3. How Does Our Site Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.By using Our Site, you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. For more details, please refer to section 4 below.
All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of Cookie:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation of Our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping basket, and payment transactions.
Analytics Cookies
It is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.
Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
Targeting Cookies
It is important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Site, and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have visited and which links you have visited). As with analytics Cookies, this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. Some information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third parties.
Third Party Cookies
Third party Cookies are not placed by Us; instead, they are placed by third parties that provide services to Us and/or to you. Third party Cookies may be used by advertising services to serve up tailored advertising to you on Our Site, or by third parties providing analytics services to Us (these Cookies will work in the same way as analytics Cookies described above).
Persistent Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie. Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
Session Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser. Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
Cookies on Our Site are not permanent and will expire as indicated in the table below.For more details of the personal data that We collect and use, the measures we have in place to protect personal data, your legal rights, and our legal obligations, please refer to our Privacy Policy.For more specific details of the Cookies that We use, please refer to the table below.
4. What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of CookiePurpose & TypeExpiryStrictly Necessary_wpas_sessionThe Helpdesk uses cookies to keep track of its state between page loads and to store temporary information essential to its ability to work properly.SessionyesCookieConsentStores the user\’s cookie consent state for the current domain.1 yearyesPHPSESSIDPreserves user session state across page requests.Sessionyeswp_woocommerce_session_#Preserves a unique code for each customer so that it knows where to find the cart data in the database for each customer. No personal information is stored within this cookie.1 dayyeswc_cart_createdCookies set for shopping cart preferences.Sessionyeswc_cart_hash_#Preserves shopping cart preferences as a whole and helps know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.Sessionyeswc_fragments_#Preserves shopping cart across page requests. Remembers items stored in your cart during a session.Sessionyeswoocommerce_cart_hashPreserves shopping cart preferences as a whole and helps know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.Sessionyeswoocommerce_items_in_cartPreserves shopping cart preferences as a whole and helps know when the cart data changes. No personal information is stored within this cookie.Sessionyes
For security and privacy only we use some more cookies which are essential to website functionality. All those cookies are:
First-party cookies: This means that the cookies will only be able to be written and read by your website.Only for Security and Technical Functionality: This means that cookies are only used for Security, Authentication, or Technical functionality of the site.Essential to site functionality: This means that the cookies used by WP-SpamShield are essential to the functionality of your website. Disabling them would break website functionality.Non-intrusive: The cookies set by WP-SpamShield are completely anonymous. They do not store any personal data or personally identifiable information (PII) about website users, and are not used for advertising, marketing, or anything remotely related to these. They are used for security only.Secure: If your site supports HTTPS (SSL/TLS), all WP-SpamShield cookies will use a secure connection, which encrypts the communication between the browser and the website’s server. This prevents cookie data from being intercepted by a third party.Temporary: The cookies set by WP-SpamShield will delete when the browsing session is ended or when the browser is closed.
5. Consent and Control
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a banner that provides adequate notice and link to its Cookie Policy requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you.In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
The links below provide instructions on how to control Cookies in all mainstream browsers:
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GBMicrosoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/microsoft-edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)Safari (macOS): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=en_GB&locale=en_GBSafari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-Cookies-website-preferencesAndroid: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
6. Changes to this Cookie Policy
We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. If We do so, details of the changes will be highlighted at the top of this page. Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the changes have been made. You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time.In the event of any conflict between the current version of this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
7. Further Information
If you would like to know more about how We use Cookies, please contact Us by email at info@technosoftware.com, or by post at Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland
For more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and conditions, please visit the following:
Privacy Policy;Terms and Conditions
Company Address Technosoftware GmbH
Windleweg 3
5235 Rüfenach
Switzerland
Categories
OPC UA (3)OPC DA/AE/HDA (2)Services (2)
Terms & Conditions
Terms and conditions
License Agreement
Support Service Agreement
Return Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Terms and conditions
License Agreement
Support Service Agreement
Return Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Imprint