https://technosoftware.com/terms-and-conditions/
Technosoftware GmbHHome
Solutions
Download
Support
Contact
Cart
0
Cart
CartCheckout
Email text sales@technosoftware.com
Log in button My Account
My account button My account
Log out button Log out
MenuHome
Solutions
Download
Support
Contact
Search for:
Terms and conditions
Table of contents1. Supplier identification2. Privacy Policy & Cookies3. Product information4. Right to cancel5. Order Options6. Payment Options7. Delivery Options8. Notices9. Conclusion
The following terms and conditions are valid for all purchases or product delivery’s starting 01-NOV-2018
Version History
31-OCT-2018 Added Order, Payment and Delivery Options
1. Supplier identification
technosoftware.com is a site operated by Technosoftware GmbH.
We are registered in Switzerland under company number CHE-207.926.081 and with our registered office at Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland.
Our main trading address is: Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland.
Our VAT number is CHE-207.926.081 MWST.
We are regulated by Commercial register of canton Aargau, Switzerland.
2. Privacy Policy & Cookies
If you would like to know more about how We use Cookies, please contact Us by email at info@technosoftware.com, or by post at Windleweg 3, 5235 Rüfenach, Switzerland
For more information about privacy and data protection, please visit the following:
Privacy Policy;
3. Product informationThe General Terms and Conditions applies to all purchases from Technosoftware GmbH and are available in
German: Technosoftware GmbH AGB (Deutsch)English: Technosoftware GmbH General Terms & Conditions (English)
All Technosoftware GmbHs software product are licensed under our License Agreement.
4. Right to cancelAll customers have the right to cancel their orders under the The Distance Selling Regulations which gives consumers extra protection when buying online. Specific legislation here that applies is regulation of The Distance Selling Regulations.
You have the right to cancel the purchase of a good without having to give a reason at any time within the “cooling off period” of seven working days, beginning on the day after you receive the goods.
If you are in possession of the goods you are under the duty to retain them and take reasonable care of them. You must send the goods back to us to our contact address at your own cost (unless we delivered the item to you in error or the item is damaged or defective) as soon as possible once you have canceled the contract.
We reserve the right to make a charge not exceeding our direct costs of recovering the goods if you do not return the goods or return them at our expense.
Once you have notified us that you wish to cancel the contract, any sum debited to us will be refunded to you as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your cancellation.
You will not have any right to cancel a purchase for the supply of any of the following goods:for the supply of goods the price of which is dependent on fluctuations in the financial market which cannot be controlled by the retailer.for the supply of good made to your specifications or clearly personalized or which by reason of their nature cannot be returned or are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly.for the supply of audio or video recordings or computer software if they are unsealed by you.for the supply of newspapers, periodicals or magazines.for gaming, betting or lottery services.
Software products can not be returned after purchase but for all our software products we also have Evaluations available which you can test for 30 days prior to purchasing.
5. Order OptionsAll orders have to be done via our online shop. Offline Orders are only available for orders from Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
6. Payment OptionsPayment is possible via
Credit Card (Stripe)
Invoice (Payment in Advance)
7. Delivery OptionsDelivery is done via
Credit Card (Stripe): Immediatley
Invoice (Payment in Advance):  After payment is received. Important: Without payment invoice is canceled after 10 business days.
8. NoticesAll notices you send us must be sent to the contact details on this site . We may give notice to you at either the email or postal address you provide to us when making a purchase. (Notice will be deemed received and properly served 24 hours after an email is sent or three days after the date of posting of any letter.) In providing the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that the letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an email that the email was sent to the specified email address of the addressees.
9. ConclusionThese terms are governed by Swiss law. Any contract for the purchase of goods from this site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with any such contract will be governed by Swiss law. You and we both agree that the courts of Switzerland and Canton Aargau will have non-exclusive jurisdiction.
Company Address Technosoftware GmbH
Windleweg 3
5235 Rüfenach
Switzerland
Categories
OPC UA (3)OPC DA/AE/HDA (2)Services (2)
Terms & Conditions
Terms and conditions
License Agreement
Support Service Agreement
Return Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Terms and conditions
License Agreement
Support Service Agreement
Return Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Imprint