https://technographx.com/privacy-policy/
240 viewsAt Technographx, our prime duty is to maintain the privacy of our visitors. Moving ahead in this privacy policy document, you will find what all information do we collect and how we protect the personal information collected by us.LOG FILES Yes! We make use of log files, but unlike other websites, we protect the information. Our log files include Internet Protocol(IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider(ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages and a number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, user’s movement around the site and gather demographic information. All the information such as IP addresses is not connected to any information personally identifiable.COOKIES & WEB BEACONSWe also use cookies in order to store information about preferences of the visitor, record user-specific information on the pages which the user visits, customize web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that is sent by the visitor through the browser.DOUBLECLICK DART COOKIE1- To serve ads on our website, Google, being a third party vendor uses cookies.2- Google makes use of DART cookie to enable it to serve ads to the users based on their visit to our website and other sites on the internet.3- Users have the option to opt out the use of DART cookie by visiting the ad and content network privacy policy at the below-mentioned URLhttp://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html4- Our advertising partners also use cookies and webs beacons on our site. Our partners may includeGOOGLE ADSENSEThis kind of third-party ad servers or networks uses technology to the advertisements. Links that are being shown on our website send directly to your browsers. Automatically, Your IP address is received by them. These ad networks may use cookies, JavaScript or Web Beacons in order to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and personalize the advertising content.We do not have any access to these cookies used by third-party advertisers. Hence, for more detailed information on the practices related to these cookies used by third-party ad servers,SEARCH
Search for:
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Top Technology Trends for 2021: Check Them Out
December 10, 2020 0
DNS Server Not Responding: What is it and How to fix it?
December 8, 2020 0
How to Design IT Environment Management Strategy?
December 7, 2020 0
Digital TV Tuner Device Registration Application: Know About It Today
December 4, 2020 0
Discord Screen Share Audio issue: Causes and Ways to Fix It
November 30, 2020 0Like Us On FacebookTwitter Tweets Follow @technographx
Copyright © 2020 Technographx | All right reserved Overall rating is 4.8 out of 5.0 for Technographx by 400+ Visitors.