https://teradataforum.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement
The TeradataForum is committed to the privacy of our forum members and the public who visit our website.
When the TeradataForum provides links to other web sites, we are not responsible for their content, privacy policies or how they
gather or make use of the information gathered from their visitors.
As you visit these websites, you should review their privacy
policy.
Ad-related Cookies
While the TeradataForum does not use cookies itself, it does place ads on its pages.
Those ads come from various advertisers and
if you click on one of their ads, they may place one or more cookies on your computer.
While these cookies can help the advertiser
focus on your interests, they can also be used to track your movement from one website to another.
Our advertising is solely provided by the Google Adsense program, which uses the DoubleClick cookie.
When you click on an ad,
whether on this website or elsewhere, it is likely that a DoubleClick cookie will be placed on your machine.
That cookie is used to
keep track of your internet visits, with the goal of providing future ads that reflect your interests.
For more information about how Google ad serving works, we suggest you visit the
Google Ads Help Center.
In addition, you may either control or opt-out of Google's DoubleClick cookie by visiting
Google Ads Settings.
Although not used on the TeradataForum website, there are ad networks other than Google and you should be able to opt-out of those
cookies as well.
More information can be found on the website for the
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA).
Keep in mind that you can also use the options of your browser to block cookies.
Refer to the provider of your browser for
guidance.
Please note that the above opt-outs affect the cookies that are placed by advertisers, but does not prevent the ads from
appearing.
Instead of ads that are interest-based, you should see ads that are largely based on your geographical location.
Google Analytics
To understand how our visitors navigate and view our pages, we use Google Analytics to collect statistics based upon the actions
of our visitors .
Google Analytics provides us with information about the pages visited, how our visitors arrive and then how they
leave.
Google Analytics also collects limited information about your machine (ie- operating system, browser, etc) and its geographic
location.
The information collected about your machine helps us plan our development based on the actual platforms used by our
visitors.
For example, desktop versus mobile, Android versus IOS, Chrome versus Firefox, etc.
Google Analytics collects the above information anonymously and then it is aggregated - we can't identify the behavior or
interests of any specific individual.
As with our membership list, these statistics will never be sold or provided to a third-
party.
If you wish, you can learn more about Google Analytics with the following links:
Analytics Data Privacy and Security or
Analytics Opt-Out.
Google AdSense
We also receive statistical information about our visitors from Google's AdSense.
The information is similar to that provided by
Google Analytics.
Instead of navigation and utilization statistics, AdSense gives us information about the number of ads that were
served, how well the different ad-units perform and how often they were clicked.
As with Google Analytics, the information is collected anonymously and then aggregated - we can't identify the behavior or
interests of any specific individual.
There is no information about the nature of the ads or who clicked on them.
These statistics
will never be sold or provided to a third-party.
In Closing
We periodically review Google's privacy policy and to the best of our abilities, try to keep our privacy policy inline with
theirs.
For your reference, Google's privacy policy can be found at:
Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Over time, we expect to make changes to this privacy statement.
We suggest that you occasionally check this page for any changes.
If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact the
List Administrator.
Top
Home
Privacy
Feedback
Copyright 2016 - All Rights Reserved
Last Modified: 28 Jun 2020
Attachments
Library
Quick Reference
Archives
Sample Index
2016
2007
2015
2006
2014
2005
2013
2004
2012
2003
2011
2002
2010
2001
2009
2000
2008
1999