https://textkernel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Statement Textkernel
Textkernel takes your privacy very seriously and treats all your personal information with great care. Textkernel always acts in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
This document sets out Textkernel’s privacy statement for the use of the website (www.textkernel.com). It is recommended that you read this privacy statement carefully. If you have additional questions or would like further information on this topic, please feel free to contact us at info@textkernel.nl.
For our customers, data privacy is agreed via a specific data processing agreement. For the web-based version (SaaS—Software as a Service), where data transits through our servers, we comply with a strict privacy agreement. With each new customer, we sign a data processing contract ensuring that data is not distributed to third parties or used in any other way than agreed upon.
Textkernel’s Data Protection Officer. Textkernel has appointed a Data Protection Officer that advises the business on its obligations under, and to monitor compliance with, the GDPR. The Data Protection Officer can be contacted for any questions related to the protection of personal data at the following email address privacy@textkernel.nl.
1) Who is Textkernel?
Textkernel offers the highest quality multilingual CV parsing and semantic search tools. Together with our solutions for sourcing, lead generation, matching, and labour market statistics, they accelerate the process of matching supply with demand on the jobs market.
Textkernel B.V. is a private company with limited liability established and existing under the laws of the Netherlands, having its registered office in (1022AB) Amsterdam, the Netherlands, at Nieuwendammerkade 26 A 5, registered with the Chamber of Commerce in the Netherlands under 59663863.
E-mail: info@textkernel.nlPhone.: +31 (0)20 494 2496
2) What information does Textkernel collect and process?
Contact form. If you wish to contact Textkernel in case of any questions or if you need support with one of Textkernel’s products, you can fill in the contact form on the website.
Personal data. If you do so, Textkernel asks you to provide the following information: first and last name, company name, e-mail, phone number (optional), and your message or question.
Purpose. Textkernel uses this information to contact you and respond to your question or message.
Legal basis. The processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Textkernel, namely being able to serve you efficiently and to optimise Textkernel’s customer service.
Demo. On the website you can request for a demo of one of Textkernel’s software solutions.
Personal data. If you want to schedule a demo on the website, Textkernel asks you to provide the following information: first and last name, company name, e-mail address, phone number, message and desired slot for a demo.
Purpose. Textkernel uses your contact details to contact you and schedule for a demo.
Legal basis. The processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Textkernel, namely being able to serve you efficiently.
Newsletter. On the website you can register for Textkernel newsletters containing labour market information, product, company and industry news. If, at any moment, you do not wish to receive emails from Textkernel anymore, an opt-out option is provided in every email that Textkernel sends you.
Personal data. Textkernel uses the e-mail address you provided for sending the newsletter.
Purpose. To inform you on the latest Textkernel news.
Legal basis. The processing of these personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Textkernel, namely direct marketing.
Downloads. On the website you can download one or more of Textkernel’s resources such as labour market analyses, customer cases or white papers.
Personal data. If you want to download one of these items, Textkernel asks you to provide the following information: first and last name, company name, e-mail address and/or, phone number.
Purpose. Textkernel uses your contact details to send you the requested download via email.
Legal basis. The processing of these personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Textkernel, namely being able to serve you efficiently.
Automatically generated data. Textkernel automatically collects generated data about your use of the website.
Personal data. This information consists of your IP address (an unique number, which makes it possible to recognize your device); account activity (including storage usage, number of log-ins); data displayed or clicked on (including UI elements, links); and  other log information (including browser type, IP address, date and time of access, cookie ID, and referrer URL ).
Purpose. Textkernel requires this information in order for the website to work as optimally as possible (for example, to display content correctly and to keep the website secure[5] [LM|S6] ).
Legal basis. The processing of these personal data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Textkernel, namely to secure the website and offer it as user-friendly as possible.
3) What are your rights?
Under the GDPR, you have a number of rights with regard to your personal data and the processing thereof:
you have the right to obtain from Textkernel confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and, where that is the case, access to your personal data and additional information;you have the right to request from Textkernel the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you;you have the right to ask Textkernel to erase your personal data (right to be forgotten);in certain cases, you have the right to obtain from Textkernel restriction of processing of your personal data, for example when you have contested the accuracy of your personal data;you have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to Textkernel in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller, where the processing is based on your consent or on a contract (see legal basis).you have the right to object to processing of personal data which is based on the legitimate interests of Textkernel. Textkernel shall no longer process the personal data unless Textkernel demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;where personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you always have the right to object to processing of personal data for such marketing. In that case, Textkernel shall no longer process your personal data for such purposeswhere the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
4) Does Textkernel share your personal data?
To provide the services, Textkernel shares your personal data with service providers. These service providers process your personal data on behalf of Textkernel. The processing by service providers is governed by a so-called data processing agreement in which Textkernel has ensured that that the service provider shall only process the personal data on instructions of Textkernel.
Textkernel will only provide your personal data to other third parties if it is obliged to do so on account of national or international laws, case law and/or regulations, if Textkernel considers it necessary to do so in defense of its own rights, or if you have given permission to do so. Textkernel will not provide your personal data to third parties for commercial purposes, unless you have given your explicit consent to do so.
5) How long does Textkernel retain your personal data?
Textkernel shall retain personally identifiable information only as long as reasonably necessary to provide relevant services to you or as otherwise required for legal compliance purposes. Textkernel’s retention policy is as follows:
Contact form & DemoWhen filling out the contact or demo form, Textkernel will store your personal information in its database. Textkernel will delete the data 5 years after the latest form or request was submitted, unless there is an active customer relationship or unless you give Textkernel consent to extend this period of time.
NewsletterWhen signing up for the newsletter, Textkernel will store your e-mail address in its database. Textkernel will delete your personal data after 5 years, unless you are still receiving the newsletter, have submitted a contact or demo form after that or when there is an active customer relationship.
DownloadsWhen filling out information to receive a download, Textkernel will store your personal information in its database. Textkernel will delete your personal data after 5 years, unless you have submitted a contact or demo form, have opted-in for the newsletter or there is an active customer relationship.
6) What are cookies and how does Textkernel uses them?
When using the website, various cookies are saved on your computer, mobile device and/or tablet (“Devices”), which can then be accessed. Cookies are small pieces of information (in the form of text) that a server sends to the browser (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox) with the intention that the browser sends this information back to the server the next time a user makes use of the website. Cookies cannot damage your Devices or the files saved on it.
First party cookies
When you use the website, first party cookies are saved on your Device. First party cookies are made by, or for, Textkernel, and are stored on your Device by Textkernel and only Textkernel has access to these cookies. Such cookies are used by Textkernel, for example, to remember your login information and your settings.
Third party cookies
Google Analytics
Textkernel uses Google Analytics in order to collect statistics about the use and visits of the website. With these analytical cookies a permanent cookie is saved on your Device to register your use of the website. Google Analytics analyses this data about the website and provides Textkernel with the results. This way, Textkernel obtains insight into the traffic of the website and the way in which the website is used. Based on this information Textkernel is able to make adjustments to the website. The information that Textkernel obtains is transferred to Google and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  Textkernel has taken the following measures to protect  your privacy:
Textkernel has entered into a data processing agreement with Google in which agreements have been made regarding the processing of personal data.Textkernel does not allow Google to use the obtained data for other Google services.Textkernel has removed the last octet of your IP address. An IP address consists of 4 so called octets of 3 digits each. Google offers the opportunity to remove the last octet of the IP address. This happens before your IP address is retained by Google.Textkernel does not make use of other Google services in combination with Google Analytics.
Social plug-ins
By using the website you can get access to social media websites, such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+. Facebook and Pinterest. Using these so called social plug-ins you can login to your social media profile through the website and subsequently share or recommend information from the website with others. With these social plug-ins third party cookies are saved on your Devices. These cookies serve the purpose of optimising your user experience.
Tracking Cookies
Tracking cookies monitor how users interact with and move around on the Site. These cookies, which may be combine with automatically collected log information, let us know what features on the Site are working the best, and allow us to improve  marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
Can I disable or delete cookies?
You can configure your browser so that you do not receive any cookies the next time you use the website. You can read here how you can remove different types of cookies in different browsers:
ChromeMozillaExplorerSafariOpera
Warning: if you disable or delete cookies, it is possible you will no longer be able to access (parts of) the website or that the website does not work optimally. Please consult the browser instructions or the help-function of your browser to learn how you can delete cookies.
Note: refusing or deleting cookies only affects the Device and the browser on which you perform this action. If you use different Devices and/or browsers you will need to repeat the above described actions on these Devices and/or browsers. If you wish to use cookies, make sure you log-out of your account when you leave a Device for public use.
7) Hyperlinks
The website may contain hyperlinks which take you away from the Textkernel environment and to the website or application of a third party. Textkernel has no authority over the services and/or websites of third parties that have been linked. It therefore may be the case that for the use of those services and/or websites of third parties another privacy statement is applicable. This privacy statement is exclusively applicable to the personal data that is obtained through the website of Textkernel. Textkernel does not accept any responsibility or liability for the (use and/or content of the) services and/or websites of third parties.
8) How does Textkernel protect your personal information?
Textkernel takes appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your (personal) information against loss or any form of unlawful use.
9) Can this privacy statement be amended?
It is possible for the privacy statement to be amended in the future. It is therefore recommended to regularly visit the section on the website in which we outline the privacy statement.
10) Questions or complaints?
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us via info@textkernel.nl. In case you suspect a breach of data protection legislation and the matter is not solved amicably between you and Textkernel in negotiations, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Support
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Contact Nieuwendammerkade 26a5
1022 AB Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Tel: +31 20 494 2496
Certified
Home
Solutions
Customers
Knowledge
About us
Contact
All rights reserved by Textkernel
privacy policy  /  cookies
Schedule a demo