https://textpattern.com/privacy
Go to main content
Navigation menu
Get started
Documentation
Themes
Plugins
Forum
Blog
About
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy governs the manner in which Textpattern collects, uses, maintains and discloses Personally Identifiable Information collected from users. This privacy policy applies to the Websites and services offered by Textpattern.
When do we collect Personally Identifiable Information?
We collect Personally Identifiable Information only when Users register on our forum or leave comments within blog articles.
What Personally Identifiable Information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, website address. Users may, however, visit our Websites anonymously. We will collect Personally Identifiable Information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply Personally Identifiable Information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Websites related activities.
How do we protect your Personally Identifiable Information?
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We use regular Malware Scanning.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password and data stored on our Websites.
Your Personally Identifiable Information is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. We use a session cookie to keep you logged into the forum during your visit and, optionally, to keep you logged in for future forum visits.
How do we use collected information?
To personalize user experience only.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users Personally Identifiable Information to others.
Third-party links
Users may find advertising or other content on our Websites that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Websites. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Websites, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. No cookies from third-parties are allowed on our Websites.
Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioural tracking.
Changes to this privacy policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using these Websites, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Websites. Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of our Websites, or your dealings with our Websites, please contact us.
Last modified: 11 April 2018
Get Textpattern
Download 4.8.4
Try a demo
Latest blog articles
Textpattern CMS 4.8.4 released: PHP 8.0 compatible
Textpattern CMS 4.8.3 released
Textpattern CMS 4.8.2 released
Textpattern 4.9: changes to system requirements and browser support
Feature focus: live pageless sections for hidden content
Textpattern CMS 4.8.1 released
Featured at:
adblockplus.org
sonspring.com
smashinghub.com
ceoworld.biz
cmsreport.com
digitalia.be
version2.dk
alvit.de
cssbased.com
scriptol.com
Powered by website.informer.com
Social channels
Twitter
GitHub
Donate
Your kind donations and sponsorships help us keep Textpattern CMS development alive!
Donate…
Sponsor…
GitHub repositories
Textpattern on GitHub
Textile on GitHub
Textpattern Awesome List
Community links
Textpattern Site Showcase
Textpattern Brand and Voice
Textpattern Tips
TXP Magazine
Textile Markup Language Documentation
Host details
Textpattern Network
Kindly hosted by
DigitalOcean