https://thundercloud.net/privacy.htm
Cloudeight Internet LLC: Privacy Policy
Privacy, Newsletter Subscriptions, Unsolicited Email (Spam), 	Onsite Advertising
This privacy policy was last updated in 	March 2011 and covers among others the		following active Cloudeight-owned and operated Web sites:
https://thundercloud.net , https://funletters.net , https://smileycons.com
,  https://emailguardian.net ,	https://www.picsures.com/ ,	https://www.smileycons.net/ , 	https://www.cloudeight.net/ ,	https://calendarpal.com ,	https://cal-pal.com,	https://www.zappit.net/,	https://notoverthehill.com/  and all 	Cloudeight Premium 3D Screen Savers. Cloudeight
Software Contains NO Spyware Or Adware. You Have Our Word On It! Cloudeight Internet respects your privacy as
well as your right to download software that is not adulterated with spyware or adware.
You have our word that none of our software, freeware or shareware, contains any spyware
or adware of any kind. We don't hide behind long, convoluted End User License Agreements
(EULA) that are intentionally written to deceive you. Our license agreements are written in plain
English without confusing language or euphemisms. We will never trick you or 	deceive you. And, yes we know. There are 	spyware and adware companies distributing adware and spyware that claim they 	are not adware or spyware. They can say that because they define spyware and 	adware in terms that exclude their products. You shouldn't be fooled by that 	but many are.
We maintain a very strict 	policy against spyware and its cousin adware. We advise our subscribers and 	visitors to use at least two good anti-spyware programs and scan their 	computers regularly. We will never hide spyware or adware inside
our programs (this is called bundling). We believe in you. We want you to believe in us. 	When you download anything from us you get exactly what you expected. You 	don't get dozens of other programs.
How We Are Supported Financially We want you to know how our Web sites and
free newsletters are supported financially. We don't (and never will)  hide spyware
or adware in any of our downloads. We hate spyware and adware on our own personal
computers and we know you feel the same.
Our site is supported financially by: 1. Sales of our Software 	programs which include CalendarPal, Smileycons, Zappit System Cleaner, 	Premium 3D Screen Savers and 	Email Guardian, our Picsures photo sharing service, and paid subscriptions 	to our InfoAve Premium Newsletter. 2. Affiliate marketing 	arrangements with top-quality software providers Emsisoft 	Antimalware/Antivirus and Reg Organizer,  whose products we have 	tested, used, and with whom we have entered into reseller or affiliation 	agreements.  These products meet our strict requirements for quality, 	privacy and good customer service. We also, from time-to-time,  may 	sell computer-related products from suppliers we have verified as reliable 	and dependable 3. Third party advertising appears on
various pages on our Web site (NEVER in our software!). 4. When you search using the 	Google Search forms on our site we receive a few cents if you click any of 	the clearly marked advertisements which appear in your the search results. 	Google, unlike some other search engines, identifies advertisements clearly 	so you won't confuse relevant search results with advertisements.
We believe in your right to a safe and
pleasant experience on our site and with our software. We don't like
popups, popunders, and interstitials, and we know you don't either. We try 	hard to keep popups and popunders off our site, however, at 	times, in order to support our site financially, we may be forced to use 	popups, popunders, or other forms of advertising on our site. Our promise to 	you is that we will only use popups and popunders as a last resort. 	Under NO 	CIRCUMSTANCES WE WILL 	EVER USE ANY KIND OF THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING IN OUR SOFTWARE. WE WILL NEVER 	INCLUDE ANY TYPE OF SEARCH ENGINE MANIPULATOR OR HIJACKER IN OUR SOFTWARE. WE WILL NEVER 	PUT ANY ADWARE, SPYWARE OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF REVENUE GENERATING SOFTWARE 	INSIDE ANY OF OUR CLOUDEIGHT SOFTWARE PRODUCTS. Cloudeight Internet LLC Mail List(s)
Privacy Policy - Newsletters Cloudeight Mail List Privacy Policy:  Cloudeight
values your privacy. We never sell, rent, or give, your name or email address to anyone.
We never use your email address for anything other than to send our periodic newsletters
to you. We send email newsletters only to those who have subscribed to one of our lists.
Mail list subscribers cannot see, nor can they access the addresses or names of any other
subscribers. All names and email addresses of all subscribers are held in the strictest
confidentiality. Our Mail List host, Netatlantic.com uses secure Lyris mail server
software. Your name and any information you submit to us in conjunction with subscribing
to one or more of our newsletters is never shared with anyone for any reason.
Your subscription to our list is important to us. If you feel our privacy policy does not
address your concerns, please contact us.
We make it very easy for you to unsubscribe 	from any of our newsletters by providing a unsubscribe link in your welcome 	letter when you join, unsubscribe link on our Help page (Newsletters help) 	and an unsubscribe link in each newsletter.
We also use Feedburner (a division of 	Google) to distribute our Cloudeight InfoAve Daily newsletter. The content 	of our daily newsletter is provided to Google Feedburner every day via our 	Cloudeight InfoAve web site at		https://thundercloud.net/infoave/new/   . Cloudeight Internet LLC never sends
unsolicited commercial email (spam)   Third Party Advertising Privacy Policy Cloudeight Internet, LLC, stands firmly
against adware or spyware in any form. None of our software contains any
spyware or adware. In order to provide you with over 5500 free downloads, we use
third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our Web sites but NEVER IN 	OUR SOFTWARE.
These ads provide a
portion of the revenue required to operate and maintain our Web sites. These third-party
advertising companies may separately place or recognize a cookie file on your browser in
the course of delivering advertisements to our Web sites*. These companies may use
information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about
your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to
know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click
the links below. Cloudeight works with third parties that serve
ads to this site. These ads are network ads; that is, these ads are served 	by ad networks that pay us for allowing them to use space on our site much 	as a television show sells "time" slots during their show. These ads support 	our site and provide essential income that allows us to remain viable and on 	the Web. Ad networks sell space to advertisers, we do not deal directly with 	these advertisers. We do not necessarily endorse, recommend, or advise the 	use of products advertised on our site by these ad networks anymore than 	your favorite TV show endorses, recommends, or advises the use of products 	or services advertised during your favorite TV show. Advertising keeps 	network TV free and advertising keeps our sites free.
We currently 	use network ads provided by Google. We might, from time 	to time, use advertisements provided by other networks. As of 2017, the following ad network 	pays us for space on our sites in 	which to display network ads:
Google Adsense To find out more about how Google manages the privacy of
information in conjunction with serving advertisements on this site, please see: https://www.google.com/privacy.html 	. Over 100% of the ads seen on our site are provided by Google Adsense.   Third-Party 	Advertisers' and Site Partners' Privacy
Policies When clicking any advertisement 	displayed by ad network, make sure you 	read the Privacy Policies 	of each ad network. Each ad network serving ads on any of our Web site have 	posted privacy policies which you should read if you have questions about 	the products or services you see advertised. Links to each network's privacy 	policies are listed on this page. The products advertised by these networks are not 	necessarily endorsed or recommended by us and therefore we assume no 	responsibilty expressed or implied about the integrity, usefulness, or 	truthfulness of the advertising, products or services you see advertised on 	any of our sites. We advise you 	to make sure you understand the implications of downloading any software 	program advertised on our sites OR ANYWHERE on the Internet - by reading the 	privacy policies, terms of service, terms of use, and end user license 	agreement (EULA) of each software program you are considering downloading 	BEFORE you download. It's a good practice and a good habit to get into. Advertising Disclaimer Cloudeight Internet LLC is not responsible for the
content of any site linked to or from the Site when the link is to or from any site not
under our control. Your linking to any other site, not under our control,
is entirely at your own risk. While Cloudeight Internet LLC. may provide links on this
site to other sites, the inclusion of such links is for your convenience only and should
not necessarily be interpreted as an endorsement of the owner/sponsor of the site or the
content of the site or products advertised or offered on that site.  Cloudeight Internet
LLC  disclaims all warranties, express and implied, as to the accuracy, validity,
legality of any materials or information contained on any Web 	site not under our control.
While Cloudeight makes a substantial and focused effort to ensure that no
objectionable advertisements appear on our site, we cannot control the actions of 	the ad networks themselves and therefore we cannot and will not be responsible for advertisements served by
them on any of our Web sites.
LIST OF SITES UNDER OUR DIRECT 	CONTROL The following Web sites are under our 	control and we, therefore, are responsible for the content on the them. We 	do not control the content of any network advertising or links to other 	sites which appear on our Web sites.
Thundercloud.net	Cloudeight.net	Picsures.com	Picsures.net	Funletters.net	Wonderscreens.com	Newbieworld.com	Smileycons.com	Smileycons.net	Emailguardian.com	Zappit.net	CalendarPal.com	CalendarPal.net	Cal-Pal.com	Cal-Pal.net	NotOverTheHill.com	NotOverTheHill.net RECOMMENDATIONS TO OUR VISITORS We strongly encourage you to
read any EULA (End User License Agreement) and Privacy Policy when clicking ads on our
site, especially when considering offers, products, services or software from 3rd party
ads from Google Adsense.  	We do our best to monitor the third party
advertisements and links which MAY appear on our Web sites. You are cautioned, however,
that it is impossible for us to continually monitor them all. We URGE you, again, to read
the privacy policy and EULA of any products you buy, download, or install no matter where
you buy or download them from.
What we do recommend and endorse We stand behind the products we (Cloudeight 	Internet LLC) advertise directly. These products are currently limited to 	the following: 	CalendarPal (A Cloudeight Software Program) 	Smileycons (A Cloudeight Software Program) Email 	Backup Guardian ( A Cloudeight Software Program) 	FolderMagic (A Cloudeight Software Program) Zappit (A 	Cloudeight Software Program) 	Cloudeight 3D Screen Savers (Cloudeight Software Programs)
Reg Organizer (A Cloudeight 	Endorsed Program - distributed by Chem Table)
Emsisoft (A Cloudeight Endorsed 	Security Program)   If the software product you see advertised on our 	site is not listed above it is not specifically endorsed or recommended by 	us. We do from time to time change the products we recommend. And we do from 	time to time find new retail products (non-software) which we find to be of 	high-quality that we sell to those who are interested. The products we sell 	are tested and used by us before we offer them for sale. In any case, all 	products, software or non-software which we sell, are covered by our 	unconditional money-back guarantee. You may return any item you buy from us 	for a full refund within 60 days of purchase.
What we do not recommend or endorse Unless we 	say we endorse or recommend a product - or the product is one of our own 	software programs, we do not recommend or endorse it. Just because you see 	it advertised on our Web sites does not necessarily constitute a 	recommendation or endorsement by Cloudeight. We advise 	you to install and maintain a good anti-virus program and two or more good 	anti-spyware programs. There are many so-called "Free Sites" on the Web that 	make their money by tricking you into downloading their products by claiming 	they are not adware or spyware. Installing two or more good anti-spyware 	programs, keeping them updated, and scanning your computer for adware and 	spyware frequently, is good insurance against you being used as an 	advertising billboard or search engine shill for multi-million dollar 	companies who will use any method to get their software installed on your 	computer. Return to top of page Close this
window
Cloudeight Internet, LLC
P.O. Box 73
Hastings, Michigan USA 49058 * Active Web sites under the 	control of and owned by Cloudeight include https://thundercloud.net , https://funletters.net , https://smileycons.com
,  https://emailguardian.net ,	https://www.picsures.com/ ,	https://www.smileycons.net/ , 	https://www.cloudeight.net/ https://www.calendarpal.com https://www.calendarpal.net https://www.cal-pal.com https://www.cal-pal.net,	https://www.zappit.net/ ,	https://notoverthehill.com/
This page was updated 	10/13/17