http://tipsweb.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Our Alarm Management Philosophy
Careers
Our History
Partners & Resellers
Solutions
Services
Alarm Philosophy Development
Alarm Rationalization Services
Logmate Software Services
HMI and CRM
Products
LogMate Modules
Capture
Alarm Configuration Expert
TRAC
netView
Signal
Company Role
Industry
Pipelines
Chemicals
Oil & Gas
Pharmaceutical
Power
Refining
Metals, Minerals, Cement
Consumer Goods
Other
Resource Library
FAQs
Support
Support Tech Tips
Support Request
TiPS Product Update Center
LogMate Update Request
Upload Form
News
TiPS Press
Contact
Privacy Policy
Search for:
Latest News
TiPSView 4.50 Qualified for all Desktop Browsers
KB Agent updated with performance improvements
LogMate Capture 8.00 Qualified on latest Windows with Extended Field Configuration
Atmos Gas Pipeline Leak Impacts TiPS
TiPSView 4.40 released on latest Windows platforms
Alarm Management References
ANSI/ISA 18.2
>>
EEMUA 191 >>
Alarm Management for Process Control
- Douglas H. Rothenberg, Ph.D. >>
Alarm Management Best Practices Are You Following Them
- David Greenfield, AutomationWorld >>
Download WhitePaper
[wpdm_file id=8]
Why Choose TiPS? LogMate is the most reliable, proven software solution since 1990
Leadership Participation in Alarm Standards Committees
Dedicated Alarm Management Focus
Comprehensive Alarm Management Software Solutions
Adaptable Services Model
Flexible and Extensive Software Connectivity Portfolio
Broad Industry Experience
Introduction to Alarm Management video
TiPS Takes Your Privacy Seriously
We gather certain types of information about our users and want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of this information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how you can correct or change it.
What information does TiPS collect?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with an adequate response to your question or need.
We collect personally identifiable information (which includes name, title, address, phone number, fax number and e-mail address) when you provide it to us, such as when you request product information or a version update.
How does TiPS use cookies?
TiPS may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can’t read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of the web site you have visited, and to enable our online chat service.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent.
How does TiPS use my information?
We use the information we gather for contacting you in response to an online request and to monitor website activity to help improve the quality of our website.
Does TiPS share the information?
TiPS has a strict personal information policy. We will not share personally identifiable information except with our business partners when that appears to be a need or requirement.
What are my options?
Users who would rather not provide any of the user data requested by our registration process do not need to submit an online form. You can still request product information or updates by contacting us through email, telephone or fax.
What if this Privacy Policy changes?
Any modifications to our privacy policy will be reflected within this area.
Questions, comments?
Questions regarding this privacy statement should be sent via e-mail below or to our offices at:
TiPS, Incorporated
Attn: Webmaster
2402 Williams Drive
Georgetown, TX 78628
E-mail webmaster@tipsweb.com to contact us regarding any privacy issue.
Contact TiPS
1-800-242-8477
512-863-3653
sales@TiPSweb.com
2402 Williams Drive
Georgetown, TX 78628
Learn More About TiPS
LogMate
Services
Support
Industry
FAQs
Careers
Partners
News
History
Follow Us
© 2012 Copyright TiPS, Inc. All Rights Reserved | 2402 Williams Drive, Georgetown, TX 78628 | 512-863-3653 | Privacy Policy | Sitemap