https://titanftp.com/legal/
443.603.0290 | 866.861.9483 Maintenance and Support PolicyTitan FTP Server is a product of South River Technologies (SRT), a developer of software for secure file access and managed file transfer. This page outlines the support services that are available to Titan customers.Support LevelsSupport is available to customers who have purchased Maintenance and Support with their original license, or renewed their Maintenance and Support once it has expired. Support includes maintenance for the duration of the support term, which includes major and minor updates.SRT provides the following levels of support based on license type, version, and status of the product:Full SupportSRT provides “Full Support" for Licensed Software of the current major version AND with current Maintenance and Support. The licensed software installed must be the currently shipping version with all patches applied. Full Support includes online HelpDesk support and streaming support.Support is initiated by registering an account on the online helpdesk and submitting a ticket. An engineer will respond by email, and may, at their option, set up a streaming session.Previous Version SupportSupport on previous versions will be limited to configuration assistance. The resolution to identified defects in older versions of software will be to upgrade to the current version or to await the resolution to be applied to the current version and upgrade at that time.Knowledgebase SupportSRT provides a comprehensive knowledgebase for self-service technical support. The knowledgebase is available to all customers and is the only support option available for customers without current maintenance and support in place.Expired LicensesMaintenance and Support are not available to customers whose support term has expired and has not been renewed. Prior to maintenance and support expiration, the customer will be prompted via email to renew Maintenance and Support for the associated license. If you are unsure of when your license expires, you can run “Check for Updates” from your Titan console or contact sales@southrivertech.com to see when your current maintenance and support period will end.SRT reserves the right to reduce or amend support service offerings available under this policy at any time, with or without notice. ReturnsWe want you to be satisfied with your purchase. If the product does not perform as documented, and our technical support team is unable to provide a fix or reasonable work-around, you may receive a full refund if it is within 30 days of purchase. License Agreement
Titan FTP Server End User License Agreement Privacy PolicySouth River Technologies is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and all those who test our various offerings.We will occasionally notify our customers of new releases of the product they purchased, special upgrade pricing, and new beta availability based on the e-mail addresses in our customer database. These notices keep our customers updated on the latest release of the software.This website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon in the corner of the ads we serve or by clicking here. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. Copyrights and TrademarksTitan FTP Server® is a U.S. Registered Trademark of South River Technologies, Inc., registration #2736738.South River Technologies® is a U.S. Registered Trademark of South River Technologies, Inc., registration #2596407.All information on this website © 2001-2020 South River Technologies®, Inc. All rights reserved.Other information may be trademarks or registered trademarks of other companies or individuals and are the property of their respective holders.