https://tlcwebhosting.com/contact-tech-support-2/legal-terms-of-service-agreement/legal-privacy-policy/
Get Started!
Plans & Prices
FREE Domain
Reserve Your Domain NOW!
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For Clients and Visitors To Our Website
Information Privacy and Confidentiality
Because protecting the information we have about our clients is of paramount importance to use, Web Hosting Inc., parent company of several affiliates, including TLCWebHosting.com Inc., has adopted general principals regarding confidential client information as follows. This Privacy Policy governs the ways in which TLCWebHosting.com Inc. (we or our) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from our clients and visitors to our websites (Users).
Client Information
In the course of providing services, we are given access to public and non-public information about our clients. Such information may include name(s), company name, address, phone, email, IP address, credit card and other payment information (heretofore Client Information).
Non-Disclosure of Client Information
All Client Information is considered confidential and may only be disclosed when the disclosure is consistent with the firms regular business or at clients’ direction or as required by law, or as required by law enforcement officials who have demonstrated a need to know, or in the investigation of suspicious activities on the account.
Web Hosting Inc. maintains safeguards to comply with federal and state standards for each Clients’ Information and does not share any non-public information with any non-affiliated third parties except in the following circumstance:
As necessary to provide the service that the client has requested or authorized or to maintain and service the client’s account;
As required by law enforcement officials who have demonstrated a need to know or as otherwise required by any applicable law;
To the extent reasonably necessary to prevent fraud or unauthorized transactions;
To the extent reasonably necessary to protect and preserve services during the maintenance and management of the client’s account.
Employee Responsibilities
All principals, employees, supervised persons, and sub-contractors, either during or after the termination of their employment/engagement with Web Hosting Inc., are prohibited from disclosing Client Information to any person or entity outside the firm, except under the circumstances described above; and or making unauthorized copies of client records; and or retaining these records beyond the time that they are required for regular business.
All employees, supervised persons, and sub-contractors, who violate the non-disclosure policy are subject to disciplinary actions, including possible termination, whether or not they benefited from the disclosed Client Information.
Security of Client Information
Web Hosting Inc. enforces the following policies and procedures to protect the security of our Clients’ Information:
The firm restricts access to information to supervised persons who need to know such information to provide services to our clients;
Credit card information is restricted to managers and principals who need to know such information to provide services to our clients;
All electronic and computer files containing client information shall be password protected and firewall protected from access by unauthorized persons;
Credit card information shall be stored in an encrypted format within our billing records;
Billing systems reside on a PCI compliant server that is scanned and verified by a recognized third party compliance service.
Access to Client Information shall be done using Secured Socket Layer encrypted connection.
Hard copy records shall be destroyed by methods equivalent to shredding or burning.
Information We Collect:
In the course of providing services to Users, whether they are customers or visitors to our website. Our website is used to gather information on the activities of people who visit. Most of the information is simply agrigated information on all the people who but in some cases, such as Customer Inquiries, you may provide some contact information so that we can respond to your inquiry. We don’t use or sell visitor contact information for future marketing.
Cookies. Our website uses cookies. Cookies are read by our computer to determine whether you have visited our site before, how often, the length of time and which pages you view.
Registration, Billing and Customer Records. When Users become customers they provide us with their name, address, phone number, user name, credit/debit card or bank information and other personally identifiable or confidential information. This information may be aggregated to create an administrative record that includes information related to the products and services provided to you, how you use those services, problems related to the services, and notations from our staff about our relationship with you, among other things (collectively, Registration and Billing Information).
Customer Inquiries. If you contact us about a problem or with a question we may ask you for specific information related to the reason you have contacted us (Customer Inquiry Information). This information may be tied or input into your Registration or Billing Information.
Statistical Information. All of our servers collect statistical information such as your IP address, date you visited, computer you are using, and operating system, among other data (Statistical Information.
Third Party Products and Services. We offer products and services that are provided by third parties (Third Party Products). These Third Party Products may collect and use information in ways that differ from those set out in this Privacy Policy.
How We Use the Information We Collect.
General Information. All information either alone, or when combined with other information, may be processed in such a way as to identify Users individually. This section describes how we use various categories of information, and whether we use it, or process it, in ways which can identify a User individually.
Cookies. We use the information provided by the cookies to change the way our website looks to you; to keep you logged in to certain areas of the website; and to collect demographic data about where visitors to our website go and how they behave. We do not use this data to identify Users individually.
Registration and Billing Information. We use Registration and Billing Information to identify Users personally. Registration and Billing Information is used throughout our business to provide services to you. Information related to payment, such as a User’s credit card number, is only used to ensure we receive payment for services rendered. Registration Information may be shared with third parties affiliated with us if they provide services through us to you and those services are billed by them independently. A third party’s use of your Registration Information may differ from our use of it. If you would like additional information about a third party’s use of your Registration Information, please contact us.
Customer Inquiries. We use Customer Inquiry Information to identify Users personally. It is used throughout our business to provide services to you. Customer Inquiry Information is shared with third parties in the following circumstances: to identify and fix problems with services we provide when we are not capable of doing so ourselves.
Statistical Information. We use statistical information to operate our hardware and software, diagnose problems and administer our website. We may use aggregate information to modify the products and services we offer based on who is visiting our website, and what they are purchasing. We do not use this data to identify Users personally.
Other disclosures. TLCWebHosting.com Inc. is required to comply with relevant laws, regulations and judicial orders. Information covered by this Privacy Policy, as well as other categories of information, may be disclosed to third parties if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such a disclosure is necessary or required. We may also disclose this information if in our sole discretion such a disclosure is necessary or required to protect our interests or the interests of our customers. We may also disclose this information in connection with the sale of our business.
Search
Search for:
Be Online Today Get Your Organization Online TODAY!
1) Choose a Domain Name that will be your unique address on the internet.
2) Select the Package that suits our needs the best.
3) https://tlcwebhosting.com/signupSign up!
Relax, we'll take care of the rest and send your log in information once your domain is registered.