https://torrentfreak.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
TorrentFreak.com is incorporated as TF Publishing. Our address, phone number, and other contact details are available here. We value, respect and protect the privacy of its readers.
Data collection
Like many other sites on the Internet, we track which pages are accessed on our website. This information is anonymized and collected through Google Analytics. The data is only used internally and is never shared in public or with third parties.
Data sharing
Services used by TorrentFreak (Cloudflare, Google analytics, Disqus and MadMimi) automatically process your data. Where possible, we limit the information that is shared.
Cookies
Services used by TorrentFreak (Cloudflare, Google analytics, Disqus) may store cookies on computers of our visitors. If you don’t like cookies feel free to disable them in your browser, TorrentFreak will still be accessible. We don’t use advertising networks that have tracking cookies, but we have some affiliate links what third-parties set cookies.
Email newsletter
Users who sign up for our email newsletter will find that address in safe hands. Your email is only stored (by MadMimi) so we can send you the newsletter. It’s never used for other purposes, or shared with external parties.
Comments and associated data
Our comments are managed by Disqus and are subject to their privacy policy.
Updates
We may update this privacy statement, but the statements above will never change significantly.
Remove data?
If you want any personal data removed feel free to reach out to [email protected]
Questions?
Feel free to email [email protected]
Sponsors
Popular Posts
SPARKS Piracy Busts: Facts, Rumors & Fear Point to Something Huge
How ‘Anonymous’ is a Seedbox Provider?
Meet FitGirl, The Repack ‘Queen’ Of Pirated Games
Which VPN Providers Really Take Anonymity Seriously in 2020?
Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites of 2020
Most commented posts
73
Top 10 Most Torrented Movies of The Week – 12/07/20
21
Cyberpunk 2077’s Use of Denuvo To Prevent Leaks Makes Total Sense
14
‘Downloading’ Videos From Netflix & Disney+ To Keep is Possible But Delivers ‘Meh’ Results
25
Amazon Patents Technology to Track Down Streaming Pirates
15
Denuvo’s Anti-Piracy Protection Probably Makes Sense For Big-Selling AAA Titles
From 2 Years ago…
Eleven Sports Ignores UK “Football Blackout” to Beat Streaming Piracy
YouTube Flags Cat Purring as Copyright Infringing Music
President Obama Discusses Three Strikes Anti-Piracy Law