https://totaltesting.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy
Maris, LLC, dba Total Testing, a limited liability company (hereafter “Total Testing” or “we”) understands the power that the internet holds to change your life and make things easier for you. These benefits cannot be fully enjoyed if people are concerned about their personal privacy. Therefore, we are committed to providing you with an online experience that respects and protects your personal privacy choices and concerns.Total Testing’s Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about users who access our online products and communications located at https://www.TotalTesting.com,  (the “Websites”) and https://dev.TotalTesting.com (the Total Testing “Application”) and the various services we provide in connection with the Websites (the “Services”).
Your privacy is important to us, and this Policy explains what personal data we collect from you through our interactions with you on the Websites and on the Total Testing Application and how we use that data.
More detailed information concerning Personal Data and Data Security can be referenced in the Annex of this Privacy Policy.
Data Collected
Total Testing collects data to operate effectively and to provide you with the best experiences while using our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you take a Total Testing test, create an Total Testing account, interact with the Websites, or contact us for support. We collect some of this data by using technologies like cookies, and we also obtain data from third parties.
Information can be collected from website and blog visitors, the customers, and the customers’ test takers at several different points on our Websites
When you request additional information, download documents, or register on Total Testing’s Websites, we will ask you to provide basic contact information and company information.
When you purchase Total Testing’s Application and/or other services, we will ask you to provide company and billing information.
When you register for a webinar or an event, or when you attend corporate webinars and events, we will ask you to provide basic contact information and information about your participation.
When you take a test using the Total Testing platform, we will ask you to provide information such as your first name, last name, and email address.
1.1 Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
We collect several types of information from and about users of the Websites and Services, including information by which you can be personally identified, such as your name, postal address, email address, and phone number. (Information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing is called “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”.)
Information can be collected from website and blog visitors, the customers, and the customers’ test takers at several different points on our Websites
Test Taker PII: If you are a Test Taker, we may obtain your data, including PII contained therein, when you log in to a test through Total Testing or through another authorized third party that requested a test for you. When you take a test, you will provide us with your first name, last name, and email address.
Customer PII: If you are a Customer, you will provide business contact information, including your name, company name, email address, postal address, and telephone number.
Website Visitors: If you are visiting Total Testing’s website or blog and you want to get access to demo sessions, trials, or educational resources, we will ask you to provide contact information such as your name, email address, company name, country, and telephone number.
You may decline to submit your personal information through our Services, in which case Total Testing may be unable to provide certain Services to you.
1.2 Other Considerations/Notes
We think that Total Testing’s Customer data belongs to the customer, and we will take all necessary measures to keep our Customer data as secure as possible by using the industry’s best practices.
Total Testing will not share, distribute, or reference any such Customer data or as may be required by law.
We may access Customer information only for the purposes of providing the services, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, and by providing customer support at a Customer’s request, or as may be required by law.
The personal information received from website visitors and Test Takers in EU countries is protected by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (here, “GDPR”), and Total Testing has taken all necessary measures to observe the GDPR privacy requirements therein.
Use of Collected Data
Total Testing uses the collected data to manage and improve our business and personalize your experiences. Total Testing may use information collected to provide you with additional information about our services, partners, promotions, and events.
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
We disclose personal information for the purposes of providing our Services, and as required by law.
We share your personal data, with your consent or as necessary, including to Total Testing partners and affiliates, to complete any transaction or provide any product or service you have
To fulfill legal requirements or respond to legal process;
To maintain the security of our customers and products; and
To protect the rights or property of Total Testing.
How to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can choose to view, edit, or delete your personal data. How you can access or control your personal data will depend on which channel you use.
Marketing channels: website and blog
– Total Testing Unsubscribe Option. The unsubscribe option appears in every marketing email we send. If you registered with your personal data through our website forms and you no longer wish to receive our emails, click on the Unsubscribe page.
– Personal data rectification: If you would like to view or correct your personal data information, please contact us at techsupport@totaltesting.com, Subject: PII Information. Total Testing will reply to your request in an email within an estimated period of 30 (thirty) days.
Total Testing Application: Test-taker perspective
Total Testing is partnered with the hosting site for testing done by other companies (the “Customer”). Therefore, we do not issue the test or test results to Test Takers, nor are we involved in the hiring process. When the Total Testing Application provides test scores and any interpretation of them to a Customer, we cannot delete that information from the Customer’s records, nor can we control the use the Customer makes of it. The Customer, as the entity that issues the tests and manages your test results, has control of this information. Please refer to your point of contact from the company that issued the test you took if you have any privacy concerns with your testing information.
Total Testing Application: Customer perspective
If you are a Customer, you may submit a request to access, review, correct, or delete your PII by contacting techsupport@totaltesting.com with the Subject: PII Changes.
If you are a Customer, we cannot delete all of your PII unless we also delete your user account.
If you wish to cancel your account, please contact your account manager.
Final considerations:
For all three of the above-mentioned categories, you can always choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, telephone calls, or postal mail from Total Testing. Every marketing email from Total Testing contains instructions for how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Since we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Websites or through the Services. In addition, it may be impossible to completely delete your PII because some residual information may exist in archived data backups. Finally, we reserve the right to retain and use your PII as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Total Testing uses cookies and similar technologies in its Websites and Application (https://www.TotalTesting.com) to collect data. Cookies allow us, among other things, to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign in, combat fraud, and analyze how our Websites are performing.
When you visit the Websites or use the Application, we may use cookies and similar technologies, such as device identifiers and browser identifiers, to collect information about how you use our products.
When you access the Websites, we also record certain log file information, such as your IP address, browser type, URLs, number of clicks, and how you interact with links on the Websites (landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information). Your browser automatically reports log file information each time you visit the Websites.
You have tools to control cookies and similar technologies, including browser controls to block and delete cookies and controls to opt out of data collection by some third-party analytics service providers. For EU citizens, Total Testing is providing several ways to view, edit, or delete collected data. See the dedicated section on “How to Access & Control Your Personal Data” for more details.
Personal Data Breach Notification
In the event that your data is compromised, Total Testing will notify affected users within 72 hours by email with information about the extent of the breach, affected data, and any impact on services, along with Total Testing’s action plan for measures to secure the data and limit any possible detrimental effect on the data subjects.
Personal data breach” means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure of or access to personal data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed in connection with the provision of services.
Mechanism for Complaints
If the Websites’ visitors or Test Takers have exercised their rights related to the modification and removal of personal information, and they 1) are not satisfied with the result, for whatever reason or 2) believe that Total Testing did not fulfill its obligation to act within 30 days, they can send a complaint to techsupport@totaltesting.com. Total Testing will promptly reply to such a complaint and will attempt to resolve all justified complaints in good faith. Website visitors or Test Takers can also address their complaint to the Better Business Bureau (BBB), since Total Testing is a BBB-accredited business.
Links
7.1 Email Links
Total Testing provides email address links throughout its site, so you can email us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read all messages received and make an effort to respond promptly. In addition to replying to your comment or inquiry, we may also file your email for future reference so that we can make improvements to our Websites.
7.2 Links to Other Websites
Total Testing contains links to other websites. These sites have their own policies and practices with respect to online privacy, and Total Testing cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these websites.
Surveys and Contests
From time to time, Total Testing requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose information.
Information requested may include contact information, such as a name and an email address, and demographic information, such as a zip code. Contact information will be used to notify winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of Total Testing Websites.
Final Considerations
9.1 Notice to Test Takers
The Total Testing Application is intended for use by organizations that are our Customers, and it is administered to you by those organizations. Your use of the Total Testing Platform may be subject to the respective organization’s policies, if any. Please direct your privacy inquiries regarding the use of Total Testing Application to that organization.
Total Testing is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our Customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Contact information
Please contact us if you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy:
Phone: 1-877-496-4200
Email: sales@TotalTesting.com
Total Testing
4920 Atlanta Hwy, #330
Alpharetta, GA 30004
USA
HomeAbout Us BackIndustries We Serve BackSchools & UniversitiesWholesale & ManufacturingRetailCommunicationsEEOC-Compliant Skills Tests and GuidelinesBlogOur ProductsTestsPricingLogin
BackClient LoginTest Taker LoginSign Up