https://totalvr.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to content
At Total VR, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us (See this article to learn more about Privacy Policies.). This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Total VR and how it is used.Log FilesLike many other Web sites, Total VR makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web BeaconsTotal VR does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Total VR.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Total VR and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Total VR send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.Total VR has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Total VR's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browser's respective websites.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Find The Best Laptop For Your Needs With These Tips And Tricks
Virtual Reality Technology
Desktop Computers Got You Stumped? Read These Tips.
Buy DURAGADGET Google Cardboard Virtual Reality Headset – Compatible with the ZTE Axon 7
Buy DURAGADGET Google Cardboard Virtual Reality Headset – Compatible with the Jolla C
Pages
Contact
Copyright
Disclaimer
Privacy
Terms
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy