https://trifork.com/privacy-policy/
Trifork General Conditions & Privacy PolicyPrivacy and legal notice TRIFORK WEB www.trifork.com TERMS OF USE; LEGAL RESTRICTIONS, PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIES POLICYFor your kind attention: please read these terms carefully before using www.trifork.com. Using this www.trifork.com indicates that you accept these terms (“terms”). If you do not accept these terms, do not use www.trifork.com.1. Use of www.trifork.comTrifork authorizes you to view and download the materials at www.trifork.com only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials. You may not modify the materials at this www.trifork.com in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose. Any use of these materials on any other web or networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. The materials at this www.trifork.com are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any materials at www.trifork.com may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms, your authorization to use this www.trifork.com automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.2. Privacy PolicyData ResponsibilityWe take your data protection seriouslyWe process personal data and have therefore adopted this Privacy Policy which tells you how to process your data.To protect your personal data in the best possible way, we continually assess how high the risk is for our data processing to adversely affect your basic rights. We pay particular attention to the risk of you being subjected to discrimination or ID theft, or suffering financial loss, reputation loss or data confidentiality.We ensure fair and transparent data processingWhen we ask you to make your personal data available to us, we will inform you of what data we are processing about you and for what purpose. You will receive information on this at the time of collecting your personal data.We do not collect information from other parties.Processing of personal dataWe use this type of data about youWe use data about you to make our service better and ensure quality in our products and services as well as in our contact with you.The data we use includes:– General personal dataWe do not compile data.We collect and store your personal data for specific purposesWe collect and store your data for specific purposes or other legitimate business purposes.This happens when we need to:Manage your purchase and delivery of our serviceMeet your product or service requestImprove our products and servicesCustomize our communication and marketing to youManaging your relationship with usWe only process relevant personal dataWe only process data about you that are relevant and sufficient in relation to the purposes defined above. The purpose is to determine which type of data is relevant to us. The same applies to the scope of the personal data we use. For example, we do not use more data than those we need for the specific purpose.Before we process your personal data, we investigate whether it is possible for us to minimize the amount of data about you. We also investigate whether some of the data types we use can be used in anonymized or pseudonymized form. We can do that if it does not adversely affect our obligations or the service we offer you. We only process necessary personal dataWe collect, process and store only the personal data necessary to fulfil our intended purpose. In addition, it may be determined by law what type of data is needed to collect and store for our business operations. The type and scope of the personal data we process may also be necessary to fulfil a contract or other legal obligation.We want to be sure that we only process personal data that is necessary for each of our specific purposes. Therefore, it is embedded in our IT systems that only the amount of data that is needed is collected. It is also automatically ensured that the extent of processing is not excessive, and the storage time is not too long.To protect you from unauthorized access to your personal data, we also use measures that automatically ensure that data is only available to relevant employees. There is also embedded protection against an unlimited number of people being able to access data.We check and update your personal dataWe make sure that the personal data we process about you is not incorrect or misleading. We also make sure to update your personal data continuously.As our service is dependent on your data being accurate and up-to-date, we ask you to provide us with relevant changes to your data. You can use the contact information below to notify us of your changes.To ensure the quality of your data, we have adopted internal rules and procedures for checking and updating your personal data. We delete your personal data when they are no longer neededWe delete your personal data when they are no longer needed for the purpose that was the reason for our collection, processing and storage of your data.We will collect your consent before we process your personal data.We will obtain your consent before processing your personal data for the purposes described above, unless we have a legal basis for obtaining it. We provide you with such a basis and our legitimate interest in processing your personal data.Your consent is voluntary and you can withdraw it at any time by contacting us. Please use the contact information belove for more information.If we want to use your personal data for a purpose other than the original, we will inform you of the new purpose and ask for your consent before we begin the data processing. If we have another legal basis for the new processing, we will inform you of this. We do not pass on your personal data without your consentIf we pass on your personal data to other parties – for instance marketing purposes – we obtain your consent and inform you of what your data will be used for. You may at any time object to this form of disclosure.We do not collect your consent if we are legally obliged to pass on your personal data, eg as part of reporting to an authority.Data about your use of the website, which ads you receive and possibly click on, geographical location, gender and age segment, etc. are disclosed to third parties to the extent that this information is known. You can see which third parties are in the “Cookies” section below. The information is used to target advertising. We also use a number of third parties for the storage and processing of data. These only process information on our behalf and may not use it for their own purposes.Transmission of personal data such as name and e-mail etc. will only occur if you give consent to it. We only use data processors in the EU or in countries that can provide your information with sufficient protection. These are the following (link to data processing agreements):HubSpotGoogle AnalyticsHotjarLeadboxerAutopilotLinkedInWe do not pass on your personal data to parties in third countries.SecurityWe protect your personal data and have internal information security rulesWe have adopted internal information security rules that contain instructions and measures that protect your personal data from being destroyed, lost, or altered, against unauthorized disclosure, and against unauthorized access or knowledge to them.We have established procedures for granting access rights to those of our employees who proces sensitive personal data and data that reveal personal interest and habits information. We control their actual access through logging and supervision. To avoid data loss, we regularly backup our datasets.In the event of a security breach that results in a high risk to you of discrimination, ID theft, financial loss, reputation loss or other significant inconvenience, we will notify you of the breach as soon as possible. 3. DisclaimersTrifork’s obligations with respect to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements under which they are provided and nothing on www.trifork.com should be construed to alter such agreements. Trifork further does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the materials, software or services at this www.trifork.com. Trifork may make changes to the materials and services at this www.trifork.com, or to the products and prices described in them, at any time without notice. The materials and services at www.trifork.com may be out of date, and Trifork makes no commitment to update the materials and services at www.trifork.com. Information published at www.trifork.com may refer to products, programs or services that are not available in your country. Consult your local Trifork business contact for information regarding the products, programs and services that may be available to you. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so this exclusion may not apply to you. 4. Limitation of LiabilityIn no event will Trifork, its suppliers, or other third parties mentioned at www.trifork.com be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of the use, inability to use, or the results of use of www.trifork.com, any links to www.trifork.com, or the materials or information or services contained at any or all such, whether based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not Trifork has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the materials, information or services from www.trifork.com results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume all costs thereof. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so these limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. 5. Links to Third-Party websitesLinks on www.trifork.com to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave www.trifork.com. Trifork has not reviewed third-party websites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these or their content. Thus, Trifork does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party websites linked to www.trifork.com, you do this entirely at your own risk.6. Cookies PolicyTrifork uses both session ID and persistent cookies to track your viewing of our www.trifork.com. A session cookie expires as soon as you leave the www.trifork.com, while a persistent cookie stays on your computer to help us measure the number of returning visitors to our website www.trifork.com. Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyze the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience.By following directions written in your browser’s help function you can easily remove persistent cookies from your computer or even prevent your computer from accepting cookies from the www.trifork.com. Blocking or erasing cookies from your computer will not affect your ability to visit or view the www.trifork.com, but some functions such as surveys and tools might operate with reduced functionality or not at all.We use cookies on www.trifork.com for a number of purposes. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allow us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.We use the following cookies:Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of the e-billing services.Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below. First-party Trifork cookiesThis website will set some cookies that are essential for the website to operate correctly. These cookies, none of which capture personally identifiable information, are as follows:Visitor ID – this cookie is a numeric value that identifies unique visitors and provides coherence and consistency to a site visit;Page Number – this cookie identifies the page you are on;Session ID – this cookie identifies your website session;Test – this cookie checks whether or not your browser supports cookies;Order – this cookie ensures that your shopping basket works correctly.Third-party cookiesOur websites will set several types of third-party cookie, and we do not control the operation of any of them. The third-party cookies which may be set include:Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/.WordPress: https://automattic.com/privacy/AddThis – the AddThis cookie is used when you use the ShareThis service on our website to share a link with LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, etc. You can read the AddThis Privacy Policy here: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.7. GeneralTrifork Holding AG administers www.trifork.com from its offices in Copenhagen, Denmark. Trifork makes no representation that materials or services at www.trifork.com are appropriate or available for use outside Denmark, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.Trifork may revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms because they are binding on you.If you have any questions or comments in relation to Trifork’s processing of personal data, please contact:Trifork A/S Dyssen 18200 Aarhus N E-mail: info@trifork.comWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics, Google Analytics Event Snippet, Hotjar, HubSpot, Leadboxer, Autopilot and LinkedIn scripts to collect information such as the number of visitors to the site, the amount of activity per page, where visitors come from, where visitors navigate through the site, where leave the site and how long they stay on the site as well as data from sign-up forms for events and downloadable content.Keeping this cookie enables helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes