https://trifork.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie information in Trifork.comWe use cookies to collect statistics about the use of our websiteBy clicking the ‘Accept’ button, you agree that we use cookies for statistics purposes. If you click the ‘Reject’ button, we do not set cookies for statistical use – however, we use need to use a cookie to remember your choice.If you want to read more about cookies in general, and the statistical cookies we use, you can read more about the cookies here. (see below).Cookie information1. What is a cookie?Cookies are used by virtually all websites. In some cases, cookies are the only way to make a website work as intended.A cookie is a file that is placed on your computer or other IT equipment. It allows you to recognize your computer and gather information about which pages and features are visited with your browser. But cookies can’t see who you are, what you name, where you live, or whether the computer is used by one or more people. It also cannot spread computer viruses or other malicious programs.This website uses cookies. You get information that we set statistics cookies before they are set.For your information: You can find further information regarding the Danish cookiebekendtgørelsen2. Statistical cookiesThe first time you visit our website, you will see a banner regarding statistical cookies. If you click “Reject” no cookies will be set for statistical use. However, we use a cookie to remember your no thanks to statistics.If you click “Accept” we will set cookies to collect statistics and the banner will disappear. We use the statistics to improve usability. The information in the statistics is anonymous and will not be linked to the individual user.Detailed information regarding our statistical cookies:3. Delete or disable all cookies in the browserYou can always reject cookies on your computer by changing the settings in your browser. Where you find the settings depends on which browser you are using. However, be aware that if you do, there are many features and services on the Internet that you cannot use.All browsers allow you to delete your cookies altogether or individually. How you do it depends on which browser you use. Remember that if you use multiple browsers, you must delete cookies in all of them.4. Cookies PolicyTrifork uses both session ID and persistent cookies to track your viewing of our www.trifork.com. A session cookie expires as soon as you leave the www.trifork.com, while a persistent cookie stays on your computer to help us measure the number of returning visitors to our website www.trifork.com. Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyze the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience.By following directions written in your browser’s help function you can easily remove persistent cookies from your computer or even prevent your computer from accepting cookies from the www.trifork.com. Blocking or erasing cookies from your computer will not affect your ability to visit or view the www.trifork.com, but some functions such as surveys and tools might operate with reduced functionality or not at all.We use cookies on www.trifork.com for a number of purposes. They help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website, and also allow us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.We use the following cookies:Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of the e-billing services.Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users find what they are looking for easily.Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.First-party Trifork cookiesThis website will set some cookies that are essential for the website to operate correctly. These cookies, none of which capture personally identifiable information, are as follows:Visitor ID – this cookie is a numeric value that identifies unique visitors and provides coherence and consistency to a site visit;Page Number – this cookie identifies the page you are on;Session ID – this cookie identifies your website session;Test – this cookie checks whether or not your browser supports cookies;Order – this cookie ensures that your shopping basket works correctly.Third-party cookiesOur websites will set several types of third-party cookie, and we do not control the operation of any of them. The third-party cookies which may be set include:Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to collect data about website usage. This data does not include personally identifiable information. You can view the Google Privacy Policy here: www.google.com/policies/privacy/.WordPress: https://automattic.com/privacy/AddThis – the AddThis cookie is used when you use the ShareThis service on our website to share a link with LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, etc. You can read the AddThis Privacy Policy here: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Accept Reject
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics, Google Analytics Event Snippet, Hotjar, HubSpot, Leadboxer, Autopilot and LinkedIn scripts to collect information such as the number of visitors to the site, the amount of activity per page, where visitors come from, where visitors navigate through the site, where leave the site and how long they stay on the site as well as data from sign-up forms for events and downloadable content.Keeping this cookie enables helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes