https://triometric.net/cookies-policy/
skip to Main Content
Cookies Policy
Triometric may send cookies to your computer, tablet or mobile device. By continuing to use our site, you agree to the placement of cookies on your device. If you disable cookies some or all features of the site may not function as intended or at all. This page explains Triometric’s cookies policy relating to our website usage.
1.  What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data sent from the server which is stored on your computer, tablet or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track a user to a website as the user navigates the different pages of a website and can identify users returning to a website. A cookie cannot access or read any personal data or other cookies on your computer, tablet or mobile device. You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our Website by setting your internet browser to disable cookies.
2.  Cookies used on the Website
A list of all the cookies used on the Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited.  By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.  These cookies collect information about how visitors use the Website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Website works.
Functionality cookies
These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience.  By using the Website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
3.  How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
4.  Changes to this Privacy Notice
Like our privacy policy we keep our cookie policy under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25th May 2018 and complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Copyright 2019 Triometric. All rights reserved. ®Triometric is a registered trademark of Hypertrak Limited.
Cookies Policy
Privacy Notice
Back To Top×