https://triometric.net/privacy-notice/
skip to Main Content
Privacy Notice
At Triometric, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors to our web site and subscribers to our newsletter in compliance with EU- General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  This privacy notice and cookies policy explains how we treat data that we collect from visitors to our website, or when someone subscribes to our newsletter or white papers, or when we engage in customer relations. We respect individual privacies and do not sell or trade any data we collect with any third parties. The data we collect via sign-up forms and cookies is purely intended for web analytics and direct marketing purposes of our products and services.
This Privacy Statement applies to the use of our products and to our sales, marketing and customer contract fulfilment activities. It also applies to individuals seeking employment with Triometric.
Contact us at privacy@triometric.net if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you. By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Who We Are
Triometric provides an API performance monitoring and analytics platform for our customers.  The company’s offices are located in Egham in Surrey, UK. Triometric is the trading name of Hypertrak Limited, a company registered in England and Wales. Company registration 3893713, VAT number GB727292030.
2. Privacy Notice
We collect personal data about you
When you contract to use our products.
When you interact with us in person, through correspondence, by phone, by social media, or through our website.
Why we collect and use personal data
We collect and use personal data mainly to perform direct sales, direct marketing and customer service. We also collect data about suppliers, partners and persons seeking a job or working in our company.
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Send you marketing communications which you have requested. These may include information about our products, services, and events,
Send you information about the products and services that you have purchased from us.
Perform direct sales activities in cases where legitimate and mutual interest is established.
Provide you content and venue details on a webinar or event you signed up for.
Reply to a ‘Contact me’ or other web forms you have completed our website (e.g. to download a whitepaper).
Follow up on incoming requests (customer support, emails, chats, or phone calls).
Provide you with access and services related to a trial service (POC).
Provide access to our Customer Support portal (password protected access).
Perform contractual obligations such as order confirmation, license details, invoice, reminders, and similar.
Notify you about any disruptions to our services (system messages).
Contact you to conduct surveys about your opinion on our products and services.
Process a job application.
3. Our legal basis for collecting personal data
We are a B2B business and there are 3 legal bases covered by the GDPR for collecting personal data.
Collecting personal data based on consents
The collection of personal data based on consent from the data subject will be done by using “Consent Forms” that will store documentation related to the consent given by the individual. Individual consents will always be stored and documented in our systems.
Collecting personal data based on contracts
We use personal information for fulfilling our obligations related to contracts and agreements with customers, partners and suppliers.
Collecting personal data based on legitimate interest
We may use personal data if it is considered to be of legitimate interest, and if the privacy interests of the data subjects do not override this interest. Normally, to establish the legal basis for data collection, an assessment has been made during which a mutual interest between Triometric and the individual person has been identified. This legal basis is for conducting carefully selected and relevant communication. We are committed to privacy rights and will inform individuals about their privacy rights and the purpose for collecting personal data.
4. What type of personal data is collected?
We collect name, phone number, title and email address, in addition to your company’s name and contact information. We may also collect feedback, comments and questions received from you in service-related communication and activities, such as meetings, phone calls, documents, and emails.
5. How long do we keep your personal data?
We store personal data for as long as we find it necessary to fulfil the purpose for which the personal data was collected, while also considering our need to answer your queries or resolve possible problems, or to comply with legal requirements under applicable laws
6. Visitors to the Triometric Website
When someone visits www.triometric.net we use web analytic services such as Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We track our website to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and for how long, which we use to improve the site for our users.
The information we collect about our website visitors
The visitor’s IP address
The visitors demographics
Data connected to the page that the user is visiting (this may include movement from page to page or movement within pages).
Referrer URL (where identifiable, the website that the visitor was on before visiting your website).
Their Screen Resolution, Operating System, Browser and Device Type.
This information is anonymous (not personal) for visitors who have not provided consent by completing a web form. We do not collect personal information about general website visitors, only those website visitors who completed a web form as part of their subscription for assets available on certain pages (i.e. white papers or event registrations).
The information we collect in relation to our subscribers (Blog / White Paper / Newsletter Sign Up (Opt-in)
As part of the registration process for our blogs and e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information to continue to send you our latest blogs and company/product updates. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks to help us improve our e-newsletter content and relevance.
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing privacy@triometric.net.
7. Security
We take the security of our users’ personal information seriously and use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect their personal information against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information we may have collected from or about our users.  We use a reputable CRM service provider, based in the US with an active US-EU privacy shield in place.
The Triometric website is hosted on a secure third-party web services provider server in the UK and we have secure measures to endeavour to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, unlawful processing, accidental loss, damage and destruction.
8. Links to Third Party Websites
Triometric may provide links on our site that direct to external, third party websites. We have no control over the content other sites, nor the usage of information they gather. We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit; they may not follow the same policies as us
9. Access to your Personal Data
You have the right to obtain information about any personal data that Triometric holds about you and ask us to make any changes to ensure your personal data is accurate and up to date. You may make an access request by contacting privacy@triometric.net
10. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25th May 2018 and complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Copyright 2019 Triometric. All rights reserved. ®Triometric is a registered trademark of Hypertrak Limited.
Cookies Policy
Privacy Notice
Back To Top×