https://trustarc.com/truste-certifications/enterprise-privacy-certification/
TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification – Privacy Seal – TrustArc
CALL +1 888 878 7830
RFP TEMPLATE
CONTACT US
CUSTOMER LOGIN
PRODUCTS
Intelligence
Assessment Manager
Risk Profile
Privacy Profile
Planner & Benchmarks
Attestor™
Operations
Cookie Consent
Data Inventory Hub
Dashboard
Individual Rights Manager
Mobile App Compliance
Website Scanning and Monitoring
Ads Compliance (AdChoices)
Knowledge
Nymity Research & Alerts
Operational Templates
Awareness Tracker
Law Comparisons
Legal Summaries
TRUSTe
Privacy Certification and Assurance Services
Enterprise Certification
International Privacy Verification
Privacy Shield
APEC CBPR & PRP
GDPR Validation
Privacy Dispute Resolution Service
TrustArc Privacy Management Platform
Privacy Frameworks
Consulting Services
Consulting Services
Consulting Team
Privacy Training
SOLUTIONS
CCPA Compliance
GDPR Compliance
Brazil LGPD
Schrems-II
Other Regulations
Brexit Compliance Plan
HIPAA Compliance
Nevada Privacy Law Compliance
More Regulations
Building a Privacy Program
Privacy Assessments
CCPA Program Development
GDPR Program Development
Privacy Program Management
Cloud Privacy Compliance
Data Discovery
Incident Response / Breach Management
Vendor Risk Management
RESOURCES
All Resources
CCPA
GDPR
WEBINARS
Serious Privacy Podcast
COVID-19
BLOG
ABOUT
About Us
Our Team
Awards
Customers
Partners
Partner Overview
Current Partners
Powered Partners
Technology Partners
Press / News
Consumer Info
Careers
GET STARTED
Select Page
TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification
Ensure your business, products, and services demonstrate responsible data collection, processing and privacy management practices.
Convincing customers and business partners that they can trust you with the processing of their personal information is more important than ever. Demonstrating responsible data collection and processing practices that are consistent with regulatory expectations and external standards for privacy accountability is critical to your company’s credibility, brand reputation, and bottom line.
GET STARTED
Enterprise Privacy Certification Standards
TRUSTe Enterprise Privacy Certification Standards are aligned with the standards set forth in the TrustArc Privacy & Data Governance Framework which enable organizations to design and/or engineer effective privacy and data governance controls into organizational processes, products and technologies – and maintain or enhance those controls throughout the lifecycle for the product, process or technology. The TrustArc Framework Standards are based upon recognized laws and regulatory standards, such as the OECD Privacy Guidelines, the APEC Privacy Framework, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”), ISO 27001
International Standard for Information Security Management Systems and other global privacy laws and regulations.
TRUSTe Certifications are conducted in three phases:
Assessment Phase
Privacy Assessments provide the information required to understand and remediate compliance risks. An experienced member of our Global Privacy Solutions team guides you through the process, utilizing our proven methodology and powerful technology.
Privacy Review
The first step is to define the assessment scope by business units, product/service lines, and digital properties (websites, apps, cloud platforms). A member of our Global Privacy Solutions team works with your team to efficiently guide discovery of necessary information, including relevant data flows and evaluation of your privacy policies and practices against relevant standards.
Findings Report
A findings report is delivered which includes a gap analysis, risk summary and remediation recommendations. The report outlines actionable steps required to achieve compliance.
Remediation and Certification Phase
Based on the information gleaned from the assessment, a member of the Global Privacy Solutions team guides you through the remediation process, helping to ensure required changes are completed.
Remediation Assistance
Rely on us to help you remediate gaps in your privacy programs, and validate that your privacy statements reflect your privacy practices and are consistent with applicable standards.
TRUSTe Verified Privacy Seal
After completing the required changes, we authorize your use of the TRUSTe Verified Privacy seal for display on applicable digital properties. The seal is hosted and linked to a TRUSTe Validation Page to provide real-time verification along with an easy-to-understand consumer notice verifying your company meets globally recognized privacy requirements.
Letter of Attestation
As proof of TRUSTe Certification, an official Letter of Attestation can be shared with your business partners, providing your organization with competitive differentiation.
Ongoing Monitoring and Guidance Phase
Searchable Audit Trail
All assessment work and supporting documentation is available in a searchable, central repository – providing a way to respond to inquiries and demonstrate compliance for internal / external audits.
Dispute Resolution
Access to our third-party dispute resolution service, which helps efficiently manage privacy inquiries from customers and addresses dispute handling compliance requirements.
Ongoing Monitoring and Guidance
Ongoing compliance monitoring is provided throughout the term of the agreement. Access to privacy experts is provided for ongoing policy guidance along with educational webinars, events, whitepapers, client advisories, privacy tips and research.
TRUSTe Privacy Feedback Button
External demonstration to consumers, business partners and regulators showing that your company uses TrustArc technology and tools to manage privacy-related questions or concerns. The Privacy Feedback Button may be placed on your digital Privacy Policy page, linking to a mechanism for consumers to submit questions or feedback.
Click here to review the Enterprise Certification Program Requirements.
To see all TRUSTe Certifications and Assurance Services, visit Demonstrate Compliance.
RESOURCES
TrustArc Overview Datasheet
View
TrustArc Privacy Platform Video
Watch
Enterprise Privacy Verification Datasheet
View
Assess and certify your privacy program meets global standards.
GET STARTED
ABOUT About Us
Our Team
Awards
Customers
Industry Partners
Privacy Intelligence
Careers
PRODUCTS Cookie Consent
Research & Alerts
TRUSTe Certifications
Consulting Services
Privacy Training
CCPA Compliance
GDPR Compliance
RESOURCES Latest News
Upcoming Events
Consumer Info
Privacy Blog
Privacy Podcasts
Partner Program
Webinars & Workshops
CONTACT TrustArc Inc.
111 Sutter Street, Suite 600
San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
Phone: +1 415 520 3490
More Information
© 2020 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Acceptable Use Policy