https://trustsds.com/consulting-services/data-privacy/gdpr-compliance-readiness-assessment/
GDPR Assessment
GDPR Readiness Assessment
GDPR Readiness Assessment and Process ImplementationEnacted in 2016, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) marks a significant change in the regulatory landscape across the European Union and beyond. In short, the GDPR strengthens data protection requirements for firms participating in the EU's digital single market. Under GDPR, businesses benefit from reduced regulatory burdens, in exchange for the implementation of robust controls and processes to protect the privacy rights of EU residents. How will you meet the GDPR May 2018 compliance deadline?GDPR Readiness AssessmentThe time to act is now. Firms of all sizes must determine how GDPR will impact their business and act accordingly. As a busy executive, you may not have the time or resources needed to meet GDPR's stringent requirements. Secure Digital Solutions (SDS) helps our clients identify GDPR readiness gaps and define common-sense strategies for addressing these gaps. We use a proven approach to quickly identify, analyze and measure the scope and impact of GDPR compliance for firms of all sizes. Our typical process breaks GDPR readiness activities into five phases, each with clear objectives and deliverables (see illustration).
Our Expertise. Your Satisfaction.Your journey towards GDPR compliance just got easier! Our clients realize immediate benefits from our proven assessment approach, business-focused recommendations, and estimates for GDPR implementation hours and financial investments. Upon completion of the assessment, SDS provides the guidance you need to help quickly implement new or enhanced GDPR-focused controls and processes ahead of the 2018 deadline.
We bring you deep knowledge of data privacy and security management practices. Our principal consultants have at least 17 years' experience, and each member of the SDS team maintains key industry certifications (such as CIPM®, CISSP®, CISM® and related). We bring you perspectives attained from senior leadership roles across multiple industries, including: financial services, healthcare, information services, retail, distribution, academia and more.
About SDSWe are Secure Digital Solutions (SDS), a Minneapolis-based consultancy focused on providing strategic security and data privacy guidance to organizations across business sectors. With our cloud-based platform, TrustMAPP®, SDS leads the industry by recognizing the value of using process maturity as the foundation for an effective program strategy. This approach is now becoming the industry standard for measuring and communicating the business value of information security and privacy.
For more information on how TrustMAPP®, powered by the MAPP™ methodology, will help you elevate the conversation about information security and to request a free trial, visit www.trustmapp.com.
More Services
GDPR Compliance Assessment
Privacy Assessments
CPO-For-Hire