https://trustarc.com/truste-certifications/international-privacy-verification/
EU-US Privacy Shield Certification and Verification – TrustArc
CALL +1 888 878 7830
RFP TEMPLATE
CONTACT US
CUSTOMER LOGIN
PRODUCTS
Intelligence
Assessment Manager
Risk Profile
Privacy Profile
Planner & Benchmarks
Attestor™
Operations
Cookie Consent
Data Inventory Hub
Dashboard
Individual Rights Manager
Mobile App Compliance
Website Scanning and Monitoring
Ads Compliance (AdChoices)
Knowledge
Nymity Research & Alerts
Operational Templates
Awareness Tracker
Law Comparisons
Legal Summaries
TRUSTe
Privacy Certification and Assurance Services
Enterprise Certification
International Privacy Verification
Privacy Shield
APEC CBPR & PRP
GDPR Validation
Privacy Dispute Resolution Service
TrustArc Privacy Management Platform
Privacy Frameworks
Consulting Services
Consulting Services
Consulting Team
Privacy Training
SOLUTIONS
CCPA Compliance
GDPR Compliance
Brazil LGPD
Schrems-II
Other Regulations
Brexit Compliance Plan
HIPAA Compliance
Nevada Privacy Law Compliance
More Regulations
Building a Privacy Program
Privacy Assessments
CCPA Program Development
GDPR Program Development
Privacy Program Management
Cloud Privacy Compliance
Data Discovery
Incident Response / Breach Management
Vendor Risk Management
RESOURCES
All Resources
CCPA
GDPR
WEBINARS
Serious Privacy Podcast
COVID-19
BLOG
ABOUT
About Us
Our Team
Awards
Customers
Partners
Partner Overview
Current Partners
Powered Partners
Technology Partners
Press / News
Consumer Info
Careers
GET STARTED
Select Page
TRUSTe International Privacy Verification
Demonstrate your data protection mechanisms to customers, business partners and regulators with an independent third party review aligned to Privacy Shield Principles.
TrustArc’s International Privacy Verification, a Privacy Shield aligned verification maintains industry-established, principles and standards for protecting personal data.
Companies around the world continue to need a mechanism to demonstrate organization-wide privacy compliance that aligns to established privacy principles, following the CJEU ruling on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Program.  Your business partners and customers look to your organization for an independent, demonstrable solution that addresses regulatory changes and indicates your dedication to upholding
privacy standards. Continue to publicly exemplify your protection efforts – via TrustArc’s International Privacy Verification.
GET STARTED
International Privacy Verification Standards & Seal
TRUSTe International Privacy Verification Assessment Criteria are aligned with the standards in the Privacy Shield Framework which preserves the core principles and standards for protecting personal data by commercial enterprises.
The TRUSTe International Privacy Verification Seal enables continued organizational demonstration of compliance with the Assessment Criteria.
TRUSTe Verifications are conducted in three phases:
Assessment Phase
The Assessment phase helps identify and mitigate privacy risks and also provide access to a range of other services.
Privacy Review
The first step is to define the assessment scope by business units, product/service lines, and digital properties (websites, apps, cloud platforms). A member of our Global Privacy Solutions team works with your team to efficiently guide discovery of necessary information, including relevant data flows and evaluation of your privacy policies and practices against relevant standards.
Findings Report
A findings report is delivered which includes a gap analysis, risk summary and remediation recommendations. The report outlines actionable steps required to achieve compliance.
Remediation and Verifications Phase
Based on the information gleaned from the assessment, a member of the Global Privacy Solutions team guides you through the remediation process, helping to ensure required changes are completed.
Remediation Assistance
Rely on us to help you remediate gaps in your privacy programs, and validate that your privacy statements reflect your privacy practices and are consistent with applicable standards.
TRUSTe Verified International Privacy Seal
After completing the required changes, we authorize your use of the TRUSTe Verified International Privacy seal for display on applicable digital properties. The seal is hosted and linked to a TRUSTe Validation Page to provide real-time verification along with an easy-to-understand consumer notice verifying your company meets globally recognized privacy requirements.
Letter of Attestation
As proof of TRUSTe Certification, an official Letter of Attestation can be shared with your business partners, providing your organization with competitive differentiation.
Ongoing Monitoring and Guidance Phase
Searchable Audit Trail
All assessment work and supporting documentation is available in a searchable, central repository – providing a way to respond to inquiries and demonstrate compliance for internal / external audits.
Dispute Resolution
Access to our third-party dispute resolution service, which helps efficiently manage privacy inquiries from customers and addresses dispute handling compliance requirements.
Ongoing Monitoring and Guidance
Ongoing compliance monitoring is provided throughout the term of the agreement. Access to privacy experts is provided for ongoing policy guidance along with educational webinars, events, whitepapers, client advisories, privacy tips and research.
TRUSTe Privacy Feedback Button
External demonstration to consumers, business partners and regulators showing that your company uses TrustArc technology and tools to manage privacy-related questions or concerns. The Privacy Feedback Button may be placed on your digital Privacy Policy page, linking to a mechanism for consumers to submit questions or feedback.
Click here to review the International Privacy Verification Assessment Criteria.
To see all TRUSTe Certifications and Assurance Services, visit Demonstrate Compliance.
RESOURCES
Learn more about TRUSTe EU-US Privacy Shield solutions.
GET STARTED
ABOUT About Us
Our Team
Awards
Customers
Industry Partners
Privacy Intelligence
Careers
PRODUCTS Cookie Consent
Research & Alerts
TRUSTe Certifications
Consulting Services
Privacy Training
CCPA Compliance
GDPR Compliance
RESOURCES Latest News
Upcoming Events
Consumer Info
Privacy Blog
Privacy Podcasts
Partner Program
Webinars & Workshops
CONTACT TrustArc Inc.
111 Sutter Street, Suite 600
San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
Phone: +1 415 520 3490
More Information
© 2020 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Acceptable Use Policy