https://trustsds.com/consulting-services/data-privacy/maturity-assessment/
Privacy Assessments
Evaluate Your Privacy Maturity, Risks, and Compliance.
SDS provides comprehensive assessments of data privacy programs with evaluations in the following areas:
Privacy Maturity Assessment
How well are data privacy processes and practices established across my organization? Does my data privacy program align with the organization's mission, culture and business drivers? What areas within my organization require additional privacy guidance and resources? Do we have the privacy skills and expertise needed to execute our mission? As organizational leaders and change agents, CPOs must understand the maturity of their current privacy management policies and processes in order to implement practical solutions to today's privacy challenges.
Enhanced with our SaaS TrustMAPP™ Maturity Assessment Tool
The cloud-based TrustMAPP™ program maturity measurement tool provides CPOs with clear, quantified and actionable reports of privacy program maturity across numerous categories. TrustMAPP™ enables CPOs to efficiently gather data from functional owners and subject-matter experts to assess the effectiveness and reach of their data privacy program. Find out how TrustMAPP™ can take your data privacy program to the next level.
Privacy Risk Assessment
Organizations of all sizes need to understand their data privacy risks. The identification and analysis of privacy risk is key to developing and maintaining an effective data privacy program. Guided by industry-accepted standards (such as the Generally Accepted Privacy Principles (GAPP) and ISO/IEC 29100) and relevant statutes and regulations, SDS professionals use repeatable processes to objectively assess privacy risk, aligned with your unique business environment. Our risk scoring methodology provides quantifiable results, helping organizations prioritize areas of concern.
Privacy Compliance Assessment
Secure Digital Solutions evaluates existing policies and procedures relevant to supporting requirements of data privacy legislation and regulation impacting your organization. Through interviews, documented evidence and deep knowledge of industry-tested data privacy practices and diligence, SDS will provide you an actionable report of compliance with practical advice for addressing gaps.
Request a Privacy Program Assessment conversation with SDS today.
More Services
GDPR Compliance Assessment
Privacy Assessments
CPO-For-Hire