https://tryten.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Tryten is committed to protecting your privacy. The policy that follows will describe the general practices of Tryten regarding the collection of personal information as well as corporate account information for defined purposes. As described, personal and corporate account information includes your name, account number, company name, address(es), telephone numbers, email address(es) and other information that personally identifies you, your business industry, employees or history of purchases. Occasionally Tryten and its affiliates may refer to itself as we, us, or the company throughout this policy.Tryten reserves the right to edit, modify, or change this privacy policy at any time. The effective date will be the most current privacy policy. Should you have questions in reference to this privacy policy, you can contact Tryten at any time with your privacy questions or concerns. It is advised that you review this policy occasionally to examine any changes that have been made.What we collectWe may collect the following information:namecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with itWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:We will use your information to fulfill your orders. We restrict access to your information to people that need to see it.Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.We may use the information that we collect to better understand our customers and use that knowledge to direct our advertising efforts, including anonymous, Interest Based Advertising.How we use cookiesView a list of cookies that we typically use below. We may not be using all these cookies right now.A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.We use 2048 bit encryption technology, in addition to Secure Socket Layers (SSL) in all sensitive areas where personal and account information is used. We do everything that we can to ensure your personal information is encrypted and safe, but we can’t stop you from sending sensitive information through unencrypted channels, like email.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@tryten.comWe will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Shared information limitationsThe following section describes what is collected when you utilize various services on the Tryten website:Purchases from our website: We collect your name, address, payment information as well as information that has already been provided by you, the customer, in order to process your order. This does not limit your ability to provide credit card and purchase order numbers via the telephone. Cookies are also a method of collecting information, such as log in data and purchases. Your browser must be set to accept cookies if you wish to add items to the Tryten shopping cart.Creation of an online account: We obtain your user name, email address, password and IP address. The purpose of this procedure is to more effectively protect your online account. Your IP address will be used for the purpose of identifying the person authorized to access a particular account if the password has been forgotten. Please ensure account protection by ensuring that your user name and password are kept confidential.Subscription to email updates: Though this service is optional, you must create an online account if you wish to receive email updates on a regular basis. This is done to ensure that the proper account is matched with the proper subscriber. This does not preclude other types of emails from being sent to you, as you may have agreed to receive other emails in another format from our company.Emailing product information from https://tryten.com/: Along with the collection of your email address we will also collect the email address of the intended recipient of the email.Remarketing:We may use information about previous visits to our site to serve custom advertisements, also known as “remarketing”. Though these advertisements are customized specifically for you, we do not share any specific personal information with any 3rd party in regards to custom advertising.Legal considerationsWe are required to uphold all local laws. If legally required, we will provide information that we have stored to the appropriate authorities.If we or our website is acquired by or merged with another company, your information may be disclosed to relevant parties.We may collect non-personal, statistical data for company reports, but your identity will always be kept confidential from any such reports.List of cookies we collectThe table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description__atuvcSet by Addthis for social sharing__initialSet by Tryten to record Google data from your first visit to our site__unamSet as part of the ShareThis service__utmaSet by Google for analytics__utmbSet by Google for analytics__utmcSet by Google for analytics__utmzSet by Google for analyticsCARTThe association with your shopping cart.CATEGORY_INFOStores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.COMPAREThe items that you have in the Compare Products list.CURRENCYYour preferred currencyCUSTOMERAn encrypted version of your customer id with the store.CUSTOMER_AUTHAn indicator if you are currently logged into the store.CUSTOMER_INFOAn encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDSStores the Customer Segment IDEXTERNAL_NO_CACHEA flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.FRONTENDYou sesssion ID on the server.GUEST-VIEWAllows guests to edit their orders.LAST_CATEGORYThe last category you visited.LAST_PRODUCTThe most recent product you have viewed.NEWMESSAGEIndicates whether a new message has been received.NO_CACHEIndicates whether it is allowed to use cache.PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CARTA link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.POLLThe ID of any polls you have recently voted in.POLLNInformation on what polls you have voted on.RECENTLYCOMPAREDThe items that you have recently compared.RFQreferrerRecords information for a Request for QuoteSTFInformation on products you have emailed to friends.STOREThe store view or language you have selected.USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIEIndicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDSThe products that you have recently viewed.WISHLISTAn encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.WISHLIST_CNTThe number of items in your Wishlist.