http://turnkeyinternet.net/policies/
×
*EXTENDED* Black Friday Deals - Ends Soon!
Help
Live Help
Contact Us
Helpdesk
Knowledgebase
Client Login
(877) 539-4638
Dedicated Servers
All Dedicated Servers
10G Dedicated Servers
Pro Series Servers
Best cPanel Servers
Best Value Servers
E3 Dedicated Servers
Managed Servers
Closeout Servers
Cloud Servers
VPS Cloud Servers
Pro Series Cloud VPS
Managed Cloud VPS
Cloud Server Reseller
Colocation
Web Hosting
cPanel / Linux
Plesk / Windows
SEO Hosting
cPanel / WHM Reseller
Plesk Reseller
Backup
About
About Us
Contact Us
Our Data Center
Our Network
Certified Hosting
Green Initiative
Company Blog
Reviews
Dedicated Servers
All Dedicated Servers
10G Dedicated Servers
Pro Series Servers
Best cPanel Servers
Best Value Servers
E3 Dedicated Servers
Managed Servers
Closeout Servers
Cloud Servers
VPS Cloud Servers
Pro Series Cloud VPS
Managed Cloud VPS
Cloud Server Reseller
Colocation
Web Hosting
cPanel / Linux
Plesk / Windows
SEO Hosting
cPanel / WHM Reseller
Plesk Reseller
Backup
About
About Us
Contact Us
Our Data Center
Our Network
Certified Hosting
Green Initiative
Company Blog
Reviews
Terms of Service | TurnKey Internet
TurnKey Internet Terms of Service
TurnKey Internet and its affiliates provide products and services to clients all around the world.
TurnKey Internet has the responsibility to protect each client and provide them with the best services available.
The following conditions were designed to protect our products and services. If you visit, shop, or use any of our products and services at TurnKey Internet, you accept these conditions.
Please read them carefully. In addition, when you use any current or future TurnKey Internet products and services or visit or purchase from any business affiliated with TurnKey Internet,
whether or not included in the TurnKey Internet Web site, you also will be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to such service or business.
DEFINITIONS USED IN THIS DOCUMENT
"TurnKey Internet, Inc.", "TurnKey Internet", "TurnKey" "TurnKey Network" and "We" are defined as the company TurnKey Internet, Inc. "The customer", "TurnKey's customers," and "You" are defined as patrons of TurnKey Internet, Inc.
"This site" is defined as any website that is owned, operated or otherwise directly or indirectly maintained by TurnKey Internet, Inc.
"Service" and "Product" are interchangeable, and defined as any merchandise or commercial offering of TurnKey Internet. The term "spam" is used as it is currently defined by the Federal Trade Commission.
YOUR PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to TurnKey Internet, to understand our practices.
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
Please review our Satisfaction Guarantee policy.
SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT
Please review our Service Level Agreement policy.
AFFILIATES AND RESELLERS
Please review our Affiliates And Resellers policy.
NON DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
Companies that require signed Non-Disclosure Agreement may review our
Non-Disclosure Agreement.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit TurnKey Internet or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
CONTENT
All products and services provided by TurnKey Internet may be used for lawful purposes only. Transmission, storage, or presentation of any information, data or material in violation of any United States Federal, State or City law is prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to: copyrighted material, material we judge to be threatening or obscene, unlicensed software or files, or material protected by trade secret and other statute. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless TurnKey Internet from any claims resulting from the use of the service which directly or indirectly damages any other party.
COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING AND BULK EMAIL
TurnKey Internet takes a zero tolerance approach to the sending of Unsolicited Commercial Email (UCE) or SPAM through our network and services.
Customers of TurnKey Internet may not use or permit others to use our network to partake in UCE or SPAM distribution.
Customers of TurnKey Internet may not host or permit hosting of sites or information that is advertised by UCE or SPAM sent from other servers or networks.
In addition to U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) definitions, SPAM is further defined as any email that is sent to a recipient that did not ask for it to be sent to them or any email that is sent
to recipients who have not Confirmed Opt-In or Closed-Loop Opt-In for email correspondence purposes. Users must comply with all relevant legislation and regulations on bulk and commercial e-mail, including the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003.
TurnKey Internet will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision and may take actions including, but not limited to, immediate service disconnection or suspension to ensure the quality of our network.
Users who:
•  Maintain email lists
•  Send emails to more than 10 recipients at a time
•  Send more than 1,000 emails in a 30-day period
...must maintain complete and accurate records of all consents and opt-ins and provide such records to TurnKey Internet upon its request
and allow any party sent email to remove itself automatically and permanently. If a user cannot provide positive and verifiable proof of such consents and opt-ins,
TurnKey Internet will consider the mass mailing to be unsolicited and take appropriate action to ensure the quality of our network.
Other prohibited activities related to email include, without limitation, the following:
•  Use of TurnKey Internet Network for the receipt of replies to unsolicited mass e-mail
•  Forgery of e-mail headers ("spoofing")
•  Spamming via third-party proxy, ip tunneling, aggregation of proxy lists, or installation of proxy mailing software
•  Configuration of any server to accept and process third-party messages for sending without verified user identification and authentication (open-relay mailers)
•  Hosting web pages advertised within "spam e-mail" sent from another network ("spamvertising")
•  Hosting web pages or providing services that support bulk emailers or SPAM
•  Any other unsolicited bulk messages, postings, or transmissions through media such as weblog posts, IRC/chat room messages, guestbook entries, HTTP referrer log entries, USENET posts, pop-up messages, instant messages, or SMS messages
•  Configuring or altering a server in such a way as to defeat remote anti-SPAM filters such as trying to send emails out multiple IP addresses on the same server, or using invalid or recently registered domain names to mask the true identity of your emails
•  Use of any email address on a mailing list that was not opt-in verified by the same IP address and domain used to send outbound emails
SPAM COMPLAINT FEES
A service fee of $50/complaint will be applied to any customer with more than 5 (five) verified abuse complaints in a given month.
Abuse complaints are defined as documented issues that are confirmed violations of these terms of service and to be a result of customer, or customer's, web hosted content or information.
A service fee of $125/hour will apply for investigation and corrective work performed by TurnKey Internet to resolve SPAM violations.
IP BLACKLIST FEES
If, as a result of a Customer's actions, TurnKey Internet's mail servers or IP address ranges are placed on email black hole lists or other mail filtering software system list,
TurnKey Internet shall charge the Customer $250 upfront and $125/hour thereafter for any necessary investigation and corrective work.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY
General Statement: TurnKey Internet's Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP") is provided to give our customers and users a clear understanding of what TurnKey Internet expects of them while using a product or service. All users of TurnKey Internet's products and services: those who access some of our Products and Services but do not have accounts, users accessing content you place on TurnKey Internet's products and services, as well as those who pay a service fee to subscribe to any Products or Services, may not use, promote, host, or participate in:
•  Copyright Infringement including no hosting of warez trackers, torrent sites, or link sites to copyright or protected content: Direct copyright infringement as defined and noted under Title 17, Section 512 of the United States Code
•  Unsolicited Email 'SPAM' to be defined as any mailing to more than 10 people at once who did not opt-in or request to be contacted
•  Proxy Email (SPAM): defined as the use of services to act in concert with other services located inside and outside the network to achieve mass unsolicited email (SPAM) to unrelated third parties
•  UseNet SPAM: sending, receiving, forwarding, or posting excessive UseNet content. This includes UseNet services located within the TurnKey Internet network or unrelated third party networks
•  Email Bombing: The sending, return, bouncing or forwarding of email to specified user(s) in an attempt to interfere with or over flow email services
•  Illegal Use: This includes, but is not limited to: death threats, terrorist threats, threats of harm to another individual, multi-level marketing schemes, "ponzi schemes", invasion of privacy, credit card fraud, racketeering, defamation, slander, and other illegal activities
•  Child Pornography
•  Threats & Harassment: Including but not limited to threats or harassment to individuals, organizations or businesses
•  Fraudulent activities
•  Denial of Service (DOS and DDOS)
•  Terrorist Websites: This includes sites advocating human violence and hate crimes of any kind
•  Distribution of Malware: including virus software, root kits, password crackers, adware, key stroke capture programs and other programs normally used in malicious activity, or any software appropriated for these or related activities
•  Phishing: any activity associated with phishing or systems designed to collect personal information (name, account numbers, usernames, passwords, etc.) under false pretense
•  Automated Bots for the purposes of posting/automating content/interactions/scraping/harvesting on any websites, blogs, forums, or other similar services including social media sites
•  Adult Content on any web hosting type service is prohibited
•  Online gaming that is part of denial of service attacks such as 'Runescape', 'Habbo Hotel', etc
•  Ping bots, network scanning programs, automated network intrusion programs
•  IRC 'Internet Relay Chat' related applications
•  Hosting any form of proxy software, or anonymous proxy services
•  Any form of pharmacy/drug/medicine related websites on any shared hosting service
•  The offering, or reselling to another party who offers, any sort of "free host" or "free hosting" services
Customers removed from our network as a result of any policy violation may not return for new services under any new or existing account unless explicit permission has been given in writing prior
to activation of any new account or services. Customers found to be in violation of this guideline are subject to immediate suspension and/or termination without notice. Refunds for violating this
guideline are at the sole discretion of management.
DOS & DDOS INCIDENT FEES
Any website, server, service, or client who hosts, promotes, instigates, or gives cause or access in any form to cause a Denial of Service attack (DoS) or Distributed Denial of Service attack
(DDoS) shall be responsible for the billable time of staff and mitigation services at $85 per hour, the cost of excessive bandwidth or other resource consumption, and a
per-incident fee of $250. Services may remain suspended or offline until such time that these fees are paid, infull, or alternate terms are agreed to by our billing department
during normal business hours. Customers subscribed to our DoS & DDoS filtering plans shall be exempt from these fees unless the combined number of incidents or combined incident bandwidth
consumption exceeds the limits as defined in said customers filtering plan.
REVERSE DNS / RDNS / PTR
Clients requesting Reverse DNS / PTR on their assigned IP space must adhere to the following policies:
•  The domain requested in the PTR must be older than 60 days
•  Clients must create and maintain matching FWD "A" records for the requested PTR
•  The PTR requested must be a unique, browser loadable website -OR- justification must be provided as to the use of the PTR
DEDICATED SERVER OPERATING SYSTEM RELOADS
TurnKey Internet will provided unlimited operating system reloads (reinstallation of base operating system only) free of charge within the first (30) days of service on all TurnKey owned servers.
After (30) days of service, TurnKey Internet will provide (1) operating system reload (reinstallation of base operating system only) free of charge, per month, on all TurnKey owned servers.
Additional fees may apply for multiple reloads after 30 days within a (1) month period.
INTERACTION WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE
The TurnKey Internet customer service team takes great lengths to provide polite, prompt and excellent customer service at all times.
For the safety, wellbeing, and protection of our staff and their families we have a zero tolerance policy in regards to abuse of our staff.
You may not threaten, bully, intimidate, abuse, shout at, swear at, insult, or otherwise disrespect our staff during any form of business communication including, but not limited to in person, telephone, live chat, fax, postal mail, Email, forum post, blog post, instant messenger, or ticket response.
It is not ok to treat another human being abusively, nor is it ok to threaten their livelihood or wellbeing in order to gain a discount, or have someone rush your support request - we have a zero tolerance policy with people who abuse our staff.
Violations of this aspect of the Terms of Service is subject to account termination without warning. If such a termination takes place no refund will be given.
PROMOTIONS AND DISCOUNT COUPONS
Discount coupons offered as promotion of any of the TurnKey Services are presented as an enticement to increase our customer base and offer additional services to current customers. Coupons are limited to 1
per customer, new orders only and may not be combined with other coupons or special offers. TurnKey Internet active customers that present coupons for a similar service to what they currently subscribe to, and
cancel their current service will not be eligible to have such a discount as offered with said coupon.
Promotional coupons may only be used once by any customer.
Creation of different/multiple accounts in order to utilize more than one coupon, or to utilize the 30 day money back guarantee more than
once, may subject your account to suspension and/or cancellation or, it may cause your services to lose the discount provided by the coupon and revert to standard retail pricing retroactively to the date of the
initial subscription.
ACCOUNT TRANSFERS AND MIGRATIONS
Customers may transfer a Turnkey Internet service to another Turnkey
Internet service at any time. Turnkey Internet will provide migration and
transferal assistance for a one-time $50.00 (fifty dollar) assistance
surcharge. This surcharge may be waived in lieu of client purchasing a Gold
or Platinum Management Package. Additional restrictions may apply, such as
discount promotions may be voided if transferring from a higher cost or existing TurnKey Internet service. For additional
information about this service, you may contact our help desk or sales team.
TurnKey Internet awards customer loyalty. When a current TurnKey Internet
customer purchases a new service, during a time frame when this specific
promotion is being offered, in addition to their existing service, you will
receive one free month of service on your new service for every year that
you have been a continuous TurnKey Internet customer. Free months of
service are added at the end of the 12 (twelve) month period that your new
service has been continuously active.
Customers may only sign up for 1 (one) new product or service at the then
offered promotional rate. This offer is null and void if a customer cancels
any previously existing TurnKey service during the 12 (twelve) month period
from the date a purchase was made in connection with this offer. To be
eligible for this offer, all accounts must remain in good standing for the
full term of the offer.
PAYMENT AND BILLING
You agree to pay TurnKey Internet for Products and Services without deduction, or delay for any reason. At any time, TurnKey Internet may require you to pay a deposit or increase an existing deposit as a condition of providing Services.
You authorize TurnKey Internet to investigate your credit history at any time and to share credit information about you with credit reporting agencies. Payment of all charges is due within three (3) days after the date of invoice, in U.S. currency.
Invoices are issued seven (7) days prior to subscription renewal dates (if you bill on the 15th of the month, an invoice is generated on the 8th of the month and must be paid in full by the 15th of the month).
Past due accounts that receive payments will have those payments applied to the oldest past due invoices first.
Failure to pay any invoice may place the account into default, and could lead to suspension of all services until the account is paid and current.
You will be responsible for reimbursing TurnKey Internet for all costs (including reasonable attorney fees) associated with collecting delinquent or dishonored payments.
Accounts not paid in full within three (3) days of the invoice due date may be suspended, or terminated and a reconnection late fee of THIRTY FIVE DOLLARS ($35) may be applied for each service in the overdue invoice.
Accounts not paid in full within fourteen (14) days of the invoice due date may be terminated and any past due invoices turned over to our collections service with an additional collections fee of
SEVENTY NINE DOLLARS ($79) will be applied in addition to any past due balance and/or late fees. A late fee of 1.5% will be applied monthly for services over 30 days past due.
If you dispute charges on your bill, you must notify TurnKey Internet in writing of the dispute within sixty days of the date on the affected bill, or else you waive the dispute.
You hereby agree to being billed for your service(s) on an automatic renewal basis and your service(s) will continue to be billed until canceled by you pursuant to the terms of these Terms of Service.
All payment periods are for the full period.
Example:
If you pay for a service on a monthly, quarterly, biannually, annually, biennially, or triennially basis, the service shall remain active
(barring it being suspended or terminated pursuant to other terms within these Terms of Service) for the full billing period and no prorated amount shall be refunded should you decide to cancel the service prior to the end of the billing period.
In cases where TurnKey provides or offers a refund or service credit due to termination of your services prior to the end of a QUARTERLY, SEMI-ANNUAL, ANNUAL, BIENNIAL, AND TRIENNIAL BILLING PERIOD,
such refund or service credit shall be calculated based upon converting the service back to the list price (non-discounted) normal monthly rate and applying a $175.00 (one hundred seventy five dollar) early termination fee.
If the termination fee exceeds the amount of the prorated refund or service credit, no refund shall be issued.
Upon the expiration or termination of a Service Order/Agreement/Contract
under which space is made available to Customer, Customer will surrender the
applicable Space to TurnKey Internet (hereinafter referred to as "Company")
and, within thirty (30) days after the date of such expiration or
termination, return the Space to Company in the same condition as it was
originally delivered to Customer, reasonable wear and tear excepted.
Customer will remove the Equipment from the Space and the Facility and will
fully repair any damage to the Facility caused by Customer, including,
without limitation, any damage resulting from Customer's removal of the
Equipment from the Space.
Any Equipment and/or personal property of
Customer not removed within thirty (30) days after the date of expiration or
termination of the applicable Service Order will, at Company's option,
conclusively be deemed to have been abandoned by Customer.
Company may,
upon written notice to Customer, apportion, sell, use, store, destroy, or
otherwise dispose of the Equipment or Customer's personal property without
liability to Customer or any other person or entity. Customer will pay all
expenses and costs incurred in connection with Company's disposition of the
Equipment and Customer's personal property, including, without limitation,
the cost of restoring the Facility to its original condition and of removing
the Equipment or Customer's personal property from the Facility.
Should
Customer wish to leave Equipment at TurnKey Internet for an indefinite
period, Customer may do so at a rate of $50.00 (fifty dollars USD) per 1U per month of space occupied.
CONTRACT BUYOUTS, EARLY TERMINATION FEE BUYOUTS
If your current provider imposes an Early Termination Fee, or you
have a prepaid contract term that has prepaid time remaining, Turnkey
Internet will compensate you for the remaining prepaid term or pay your
Early Termination Fee (ETF) with your current provider (where applicable).
The compensation for remaining prepaid service with your previous
provider or ETF payment is applied to your account as a service credit.
ETF service credits are applied to accounts on the 93rd day from service
commencement date as long as no new service payments have been delinquent.
The total compensation provided by TurnKey Internet shall not exceed
$5,000.00 or the total value of 12 months of service with Turnkey
Internet, whichever is less.
Compensation provided by TurnKey in the form of service credit may only
be used for the hosting service fees, and may not be used for any
one-time hardware purchases, third party rebilled services, software
licenses, or domain name registrations.
A Minimum 12 month service term with TurnKey Internet is required for
Colocation Service to qualify for any compensation.
Customer must provide Turnkey Internet with a copy of their final bill
from their former host with the ETF clearly displayed on that
bill/invoice or a copy of the prepaid invoice showing the time remaining,
and cancellation notice submitted to their former host.
Documentation of the ETF on the final bill must be submitted to Turnkey
Internet within 60 days from the date of service commencement.
Limit 1 ETF buyout per customer once every three years, unless otherwise
approved with expressed written consent by Turnkey Internet.This offer is
only available for new service with Turnkey Internet and may
not be used in connection with a current service cancellation or a
downgrade of your current service with Turnkey Internet.
Limit 1 ETF buyout per customer once every three years, unless otherwise
approved with expressed written consent by Turnkey Internet.
TAXES AND REGULATORY SURCHARGES
Rates outlined on attached order forms are exclusive of any applicable taxes. You are responsible for all taxes, gross receipts taxes, fees and surcharges relating to the sale, transfer of ownership, installation,
license, use or provision of the Services, except to the extent that you provide TurnKey Internet with a valid tax exemption certificate before TurnKey Internet provides Services to you.
You are responsible for payment of any and all state, federal, or international surcharges.
FAIR USAGE AND EXCESSIVE RESOURCE USAGE POLICY
TurnKey Internet provides this section to detail additional policies
regarding 'FAIR USE' on our network and services to ensure that no single
client can consistently consumed all the available resources on a given system,
network or server - thereby avoiding any possible degrading of service
for other clients who may be sharing the same system(s).
No account,
server, or service may consistently consume more than 10 % of the resources in total
available such as CPU utilization, Disk space, Disk I/O, Memory, web port
connections, network bandwidth or network packets per second over a
sustained period.
In additional to the above, accounts on any web hosting plan (also
known as 'shared', 'ultimate' and 'reseller' plans) may not run daemons
or back ground tasks. Web hosting Accounts may store at most 1 (one)
backup of their account in the server's disk space. Web hosting Accounts
may not use the server disk space for storage of backups, file sharing,
file storage, and/or any type of content that is not accessible on the web
site you are hosting. Users found to be utilizing their web hosting
accounts to store multiple backups or violate this policy in any manner
may be suspended and/or backups/hosted data removed without notice.
TurnKey
Internet will make reasonable efforts where possible to contact
the
web hosting account holder to offer a paid upgrade to Virtual or
Dedicated Server hosting when an account exceeds the resource usage
policy limits.
Servers operating under the VPS or Cloud platforms (TURBO Cloud
Servers, KVM, Xen, T series etc.) are permitted to run daemons and
background tasks so long as they adhere to the above mentioned resource
usage restrictions. However, "Bot" applications, such as social media data
mining applications, cryptocurrency mining, video encoding, or unattended
applications which consume 100% of disk and or CPU resources for prolonged
periods of time are prohibited on these platforms. Dedicated servers and
collocated hardware are excluded from these background task limitations.
Cloud Storage customers may not use the service to store backups and must comply with all policies outlined within the above "fair usage and excessive resource usage policy".
If the resource usage limits are exceeded TurnKey Internet may, without
prior notice or warning, limit access, suspend or terminate the
service or account
at TurnKey Internet's sole discretion. Suspended
accounts are subject to termination at TurnKey Internet's discretion 30
days after suspension. Web Hosting Accounts that no longer resolve to
TurnKey Internet's network are subject to termination at TurnKey
Internet's discretion.
BANDWIDTH ALLOTMENT
TurnKey Internet offers multiple flexible bandwidth packages on all web hosting and service plans. Hosting and Service Plans with Un-Metered Bandwidth provides you with a network port locked at a specific
Un-Metered Bandwidth speed (for example, Un-Metered 10 Mbps means your server has a 10 Mbps port) and you can use that network port during the entire billing period without any bandwidth over-usage fees.
Hosting and Service Plans with Total Monthly Bandwidth allotment plans (such as 1000 GB per month) allow you to push traffic at very high speeds (Up to 100 Mbit or higher, depending on your server's port speed) over our Premium Network.
The bandwidth is calculated 50/50 between inbound and outbound usage. For example, on a 1000 GB plan, your hosting plan can transmit up to a total of 500 GB of data per month and receive up to 500 GB of data per month.
Usage levels over your included bandwidth are billed monthly at the rate of $0.50 per GB. If you exceed or are about to exceed your monthly allotted bandwidth during any billing cycle, we reserve the right to limit network access,
bill for estimated overage in advance, or suspend service until payment for the bandwidth overage is completed.
Un-Metered (also known as unlimited) Bandwidth plans are defined and guaranteed to
have access to the full wire
and port speed (for example 1000 Mbit will provide 1000x1000 Internet Access
Speeds) and if utilization consistently consumes more than 10 % of all the
resources available (i.e.
24x7 consuming 100% of the port or wire
speed for more than 10% of your billing cyclce) TurnKey Internet may deprioritize and/or throttle traffic to
customer's IP.
Dedicated Internet Bandwidth Circuits are defined and
guaranteed to have access to the full wire and port speed (for example 1000
Mbit will provide 1000x1000 Internet Access Speeds) for 24x7x365 with no
limits, throttles or restrictions.
Bandwidth plans with bandwidth caps such
as 25 TB or 100 TB, can utilize full wire / port speeds 24x7x365 up to the
bandwidth cap included in your plan.
Usage levels over your included bandwidth or committed Dedicated Internet Bandwidth circuit speed
are billed monthly at the rate of $0.50 per GB or $10/mo per Mbit on 95% billing. If you exceed or are about to
exceed your monthly allotted bandwidth during any billing cycle, we reserve the
right to limit network access, deprioritize traffic, and bill for estimated overage
in advance, or suspend service until payment for the bandwidth overage is completed.
Un-metered bandwidth plans are never charged overages, but as noted above are subject to
deprioritization or throttling in cases of excessive usage.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on TurnKey's websites, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of TurnKey Internet or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on TurnKey's websites is the exclusive property of TurnKey Internet and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on TurnKey's websites is the property of TurnKey Internet or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
TRADEMARKS
TurnKey Internet, TurnKey Internet.net, Alarmgate.com, Alarmgate.net, Alarmwall.com, Alarmwall.net and other marks indicated on our site are registered trademarks of TurnKey Internet, Inc. or its subsidiaries, in the United States and other countries. TurnKey Internet's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not TurnKey Internet's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits TurnKey Internet. All other trademarks not owned by TurnKey Internet or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by TurnKey Internet or its subsidiaries.
PATENTS
The Internet Security product line by TurnKey Internet, placed under the Alarmgate and Alarmwall names, have patents-pending at this time.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
TurnKey Internet grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of TurnKey Internet. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of TurnKey's websites or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of TurnKey Internet. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of TurnKey Internet and our affiliates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing TurnKey Internet's name or trademarks without the express written consent of TurnKey Internet. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by TurnKey Internet. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of TurnKey Internet so long as the link does not portray TurnKey Internet, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any TurnKey Internet logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use TurnKey Internet products and services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 18, you may use TurnKey Internet only with involvement of a parent or guardian. TurnKey Internet and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders and or services at its sole discretion.
As a courtesy to all clients who utilize, and pay for, data storage or
backup services from Turnkey Internet, if you exceed the space you have
available for data storage or backup services, we will notify you via email
of having exceeded your quota.
Unless instructed otherwise, by the client, in a
timely fashion, Turnkey Internet, at its sole discretion,
although under no requirement, obligation or liability, may increase your
data storage or backup storage quota and charge the prevailing rate for such
increase in storage space. Turnkey Internet, its affiliates, assigns, or
employees, does not accept any liability for incomplete data recovery under
this provision.
You are solely responsible for verifying the completeness
and accuracy of your backups.
CANCELLATION or NON-RENEWAL
To cancel or elect not to renew any product or service, the customer must submit a cancellation request via the TurnKey Internet Client Area. Cancellation requests must be submitted at least seven (7) calendar days prior to expiration of the current renewal term. To insure the privacy and security of both the customer and TurnKey Internet, cancellation must be completed via the TurnKey Client Care Center only.
No refunds, partial or otherwise, will be issued (excluding our 30 day money back guarantee, if applicable) for any unused portion of any billing cycle or late cancellations. For special promotions, a 50% off promotion, for example, TurnKey Internet applies those funds at the full value rate to whichever period the funds are covering at the service's normal rate, and the remaining time is provided at no charge. More specifically - if you purchase a service with a semi-annual billing period at 50% off, TurnKey Internet applies the full rate to the first three months of service, and the ensuing 3 months of the 6 month term are provided at no charge. As such, any cancellations placed during the time frame in which service is being provided at no charge shall be ineligible for a refund. Furthermore, requests for refunds will only be considered if the cancellation request is for an immediate cancellation. Also, understand that you must have all your data backed-up and off the TurnKey Internet Network, because immediate cancellations may lead to the immediate and irrecoverable loss of any and all data associated with your service.
The 30-day money-back guarantee may only be taken advantage of once by any one customer. Additionally, if you order 3 non-identical services on the same day and cancel all 3 within the 30-day money-back guarantee period, only one of the services will be refunded.
Cancellations requests MUST be made seven (7) or more days prior to expiration of the current billing cycle. Cancellations made within the last seven (7) days of the current billing cycle and marked "Cancel at end of billing period" will not be terminated until the end of following billing cycle and the invoice will be due and processed. Cancellations made within the last seven (7) days of the billing cycle and marked "Immediate cancel" will be terminated by midnight of the day of the cancellation request, and the current invoice will still be due and processed per our Terms of Service.
No refunds will be given on customized services/orders, associated setup fees and/or services/orders with explicitly requested and provided IP diversity, unless specified at the time of purchase.
Any orders that have utilized a license for which TurnKey Internet has paid fees to a third party - such as (but not limited to) Microsoft Licenses, WHMCS Licenses, and cPanel Licenses - are non-refundable. Payments for domain names, for which TurnKey Internet pays to a registrar, are also non-refundable.
TurnKey Internet is not able to refund payments directly made via our BitPay Bitcoin payments gateway due to market limitations, anti-money laundering regulations, and due to procedures of the gateway processor. Any qualifying refund for a user utilizing BitPay Bitcoin payments will be issued a service credit for future services instead of a direct refund.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
TurnKey Internet and its affiliates respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please visit our Abuse Center.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
TurnKey Internet and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, TurnKey Internet does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product or service offered by TurnKey Internet itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition and discontinue using said service within five (5) business days.
OTHER BUSINESSES
Parties other than TurnKey Internet and its subsidiaries operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on or through this site. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their web sites. TurnKey Internet does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties.
SERVICE ABUSE
Any attempts to undermine or cause harm to a TurnKey Internet service or customer of TurnKey Internet is strictly prohibited. TurnKey Internet will pursue legal action to the fullest extent for any abuse of TurnKey or its products or services.
BREACH OF TERMS OF SERVICE
If any terms or conditions are failed to be followed, it will result in grounds for service suspension or deactivation. TurnKey Internet reserves the right to remove any account or service without prior notice. If TurnKey Internet deactivates your service or account(s) for violating policy, you will forfeit your rights to a refund. No refunds for advance payments on deactivated accounts. Serious offenses may cause immediate deactivation WITHOUT WARNING.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified TurnKey Internet (and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees) from and against any costs, damages, liabilities and losses (including legal fees) suffered or incurred by TurnKey Internet as a result of any claim made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service, your connection to the service or any breach by you of any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
LENGTH OF CONTRACT
The agreement between You and TurnKey Internet will be effective as of the date you sign up for any TurnKey Internet Product or Service, and will remain effective until terminated by either party. You agree to any and all changes to the Terms of Service unless you elect to terminate service in writing with TurnKey Internet via the primary TurnKey Internet website, www.turnkeyinternet.net.
TERMINATION
Without limiting other remedies, TurnKey Internet or its affiliates may limit, suspend, or terminate your use of TurnKey Internet Products and Services, prohibit access to TurnKey Internet's website, remove hosted content such as emails and website data, and take technical and legal steps to keep you off TurnKey Internet's network if we suspect that you are in breach of these Terms of Service, or are past due by more than 3 days on your account balance (subscription payment), causing possible legal liabilities, acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our policies, your use of any Product or Service degrades the quality and performance of the TurnKey Internet network, if you purchased TurnKey Internet Product or Services from an unauthorized reseller, or for other similar reasons, with immediate effect and without recourse to the courts. TurnKey Internet shall effect such termination by preventing access to your account and to the TurnKey Internet network as well as delete any website content, data, or domain names stored on our network. If you provided a valid email address, TurnKey Internet may provide notice to you by email, but is not under obligation to notify you.
All provisions which must survive in order to give effect to their meaning shall survive any expiration or termination of the agreement, including without limitation, all of your representations, warranties and indemnification obligations.
You acknowledge and agree that any termination of the Service under any provision of this Agreement may be effected without prior notice, and agree that TurnKey Internet may immediately thereafter delete any and all hosted data, backup files, email files, domain names, account settings, network addresses and any other content within your account that is stored on the TurnKey Internet network.
FORCE MAJEURE
You acknowledge and understand that if the TurnKey Internet Service or Products do not function as a result of a force majeure event, TurnKey Internet will not be in breach of any of its obligations toward you under these Terms of Service. A force majeure event means any event beyond the control of TurnKey Internet. In the event TurnKey Internet is affected by a force majeure event, it shall post a notification on the TurnKey Internet website or contact you directly concerning the estimated extent and duration of its inability to perform or delay in performing its obligations, on a reasonable efforts basis. TurnKey Internet will not accept any liability for the consequences arising out of a force majeure event.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THIS SITE, ALONG WITH ITS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED BY TURNKEY INTERNET ON AN "AS- IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, AND OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR SERVICES ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TURNKEY INTERNET EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TURNKEY INTERNET MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (v) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM TURNKEY INTERNET OR THROUGH OR FROM ANY OF ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY ABOVE AND BEYOND THAT WHICH IS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TURNKEY INTERNET SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF TURNKEY INTERNET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED, OBTAINED, STORED, SENT OR RECEIVED FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE.
Except in relation to such liability as has been expressly excluded the maximum aggregate liability of TurnKey Internet in contract, tort, statutory duty or otherwise (even where TurnKey Internet has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage) for any loss or damage whatever arising from or in relation to this Agreement shall be limited to lessor of (i) $500; (ii) the monthly cost of the Service which has been paid for a given month. This limit shall also apply in the event that any exclusion or other provision contained in these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid for any reason and TurnKey Internet becomes liable for loss or damage that would otherwise have been limited.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting TurnKey Internet, you agree that the laws of the state of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and TurnKey Internet or its affiliates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to TurnKey Internet or to products and services you purchase through TurnKey Internet shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Albany, New York, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate TurnKey Internet's intellectual property rights, TurnKey Internet may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of New York, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVER-ABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our privacy policy, posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to TurnKey Internet. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time without prior notice. Updates to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use will be posted on our web site at http://www.turnkeyinternet.net. If any of these conditions shall be deemed by TurnKey Internet or a state or federal court as invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.