https://twda.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Privacy NoticeYou are here: Home1 / Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At TWDA Ltd we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.
From May 2018 new guidance came into force which replaces the Data Protection Act 1998 called the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is regulations on data protection and privacy for all in the EU. It basically tries to give individuals more control over how organisations use their data & information.
In short, we want to keep things as simple as possible and only use information relevant for the services we provide.  We are a multi-media design company creating websites and if you contact us, we only use the information you give us to provide our service.  Your information is not used for marketing purposes or sold/given to 3rd parties for such purposes.  We only share information if there is a legal duty to do so (e.g. producing company accounts, fraud protection, pursue debtors).
We will keep this Policy up to date and make changes if required.  Please come back and check this page from time to time to make sure you’re happy with our services.  By using our website you’re agreeing with our Policy.
Who we are:
TWDA Ltd is a multi-media design company, working from our studio in Hexham at 2nd Floor, 5 Cattle Market, Hexham, Northumberland, NE46 1NJ.  If you have any queries regarding our privacy policy please contact Sarah at sarah@twda.co.uk.
What information is collected and how?
We only obtain information about you if you contact us for our services.  This is via our contact form on our website or if you e-mail or call us directly.  If you contact us and do not take up our services we do not keep your details and will delete the e-mail from our inbox.
If you do use TWDA.Ltd as your multi-media service provider we keep your name, address, e-mail and telephone number to provide our services to you and manage your account.  At present (May 2018) we do not have a marketing list so we do not send newsletters.  If in the future we set up a marketing newsletter, you would need to opt into this, we will never automatically add you to anything without your consent.
Your information is only used to administer your account and provide the services you requested.  We also use accounts software to invoice you for the work but payment is made via cheque or BACS so we do not process or store any card details.
Cookies
Cookies are small files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information about visitor behaviour (e.g. popular pages, how many people visit our site).  Our website uses cookies to show us how many people have visited our site, what are popular pages.  You can set your browser to decline cookies however some of our website features may not work as a result.
Why is it being collected?
We need your personal details in order to provide the services you requested and to manage your account.  Your information is not used for marketing purposes or sold/given to 3rd parties for such purposes.  We only share information if there is a legal duty to do so (e.g. producing company accounts, fraud protection).
Lawful Basis
In line with the GDPR, the lawful basis to process your data is based on ‘contract’.  In order to provide our service to you, we require information to deliver our services.
Website Security
Even though we don’t process any financial information we’re still security conscious so our website has a secure socket layer (SSL).
For further information on how your information is used, how we maintain security and your rights to access information we hold on you, please contact or write to:  sarah@twda.co.uk or write to us at TWDA.Ltd, 2nd Floor, 5 Cattle Market, Hexham, NE46 1NJ.
TWDA – Hexham Web Design TWDA offers a wide range of design services. We cater for all sizes, from the small, local start up business to the international giant.
We have been providing our award winning design services for over 15 years and are now focused on helping the good business folk of Hexham.
Latest WorkBark BoxesJuly 22, 2019 - 8:31 pmAnvil HomesJuly 22, 2019 - 8:11 pmLayside – Hadrians WallJuly 22, 2019 - 7:30 pmAdapt North EastMarch 12, 2018 - 3:54 pmContact TWDA If you have any questions please feel free to get in touch :
TEL : 01207 255483
EMAIL : terry@twda.co.uk
ADDRESS:
Second Floor / 5 Cattle Market
Hexham / Northumberland
NE46 1NJ
BUSINESS HOURS :
Monday – Friday : 9am to 5pm
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.