http://typo3.com/legal-notice
Legal Notice
LEGAL NOTICEInformation in accordance with section 5 TMGTYPO3 GmbH Emanuel-Leutze-Str. 11 40547 Düsseldorf GermanyREPRESENTED BYMathias SchreiberCONTACTTelephone: +49 211 205436-0 E-Mail: info@typo3.com Internetaddress: typo3.comSUPERVISORY BOARDOlivier Dobberkau, Ric van Westhreenen, Stefan Busemann REGISTER ENTRYEntry in Handelsregister Register Number: 77950 Register Court: Amtsgericht DüsseldorfVAT IDSales tax identification number according to § 27 a of the Sales Tax Law: DE 815 655 651Person responsible for editorialMathias Schreiber TYPO3 GmbH Emanuel-Leutze-Str. 11 40547 Düsseldorf Germany EU dispute resolutionThe European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (ODR): ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr. Our e-mail address can be found above in the site notice.We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution proceedings before a consumer arbitration board. DISCLAIMERAccountability for contentThe contents of our pages have been created with the utmost care. However, we cannot guarantee the contents' accuracy, completeness or topicality. According to statutory provisions, we are furthermore responsible for our own content on these web pages. In this context, please note that we are accordingly not obliged to monitor merely the transmitted or saved information of third parties, or investigate circumstances pointing to illegal activity. Our obligations to remove or block the use of information under generally applicable laws remain unaffected by this as per §§ 8 to 10 of the Telemedia Act (TMG).Accountability for linksResponsibility for the content of external links (to web pages of third parties) lies solely with the operators of the linked pages. No violations were evident to us at the time of linking. Should any legal infringement become known to us, we will remove the respective link immediately.CopyrightOur web pages and their contents are subject to German copyright law. Unless expressly permitted by law (§ 44a et seq. of the copyright law), every form of utilizing, reproducing or processing works subject to copyright protection on our web pages requires the prior consent of the respective owner of the rights. Individual reproductions of a work are allowed only for private use, so must not serve either directly or indirectly for earnings. Unauthorized utilization of copyrighted works is punishable (§ 106 of the copyright law).AnalyticsFor analysis purposes on its websites TYPO3 GmbH uses Hubspot Analytics a service of HubSpot Inc. HubSpot is certified according to the EU-US Privacy Shield. To achieve this, so-called “Web beacons” are used and “cookies” are also set up, which are stored on your computer and enable us to conduct an analysis of your use of the website. The collected information (e.g. IP address, geographical location, type of browser, visit duration and websites accessed) are evaluated by HubSpot, to generate reports on the visit and the TYPO3 GmbH websites visited. If you have given your consent to receive a subscription to e-mail services while visiting a TYPO3 website, we will be able to use HubSpot to collect personal data during your visits via your additional information (especially name/e-mail address) to provide you with targeted information on your preferred topic areas based on this data. In the case that you generally do not wish to have data generated by HubSpot, you can correspondingly prevent the storage of cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings. For additional information on how HubSpot operates, please refer to the Data Protection Policy of HubSpot Inc., accessible under: http://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website:
Disable Google Analytics
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking)