https://uci.edu/privacy/index.php
Skip to main content
Toggle primary navigation
UCI homepage
About
Toggle dropdown: About
About Us
Brilliant Future Campaign
University Facts
Strategic Plan
American Dream
#IamUCI
Chancellor
Faculty Honors
Peter the Anteater
Diversity Resources
Administrative Offices
Academic Senate
Directory
Visit
Work at UCI
Support UCI
Smoke-Free Campus
Admissions
Toggle dropdown: Admissions
Undergraduate Admission
Graduate Admission
Professional Programs
Business
Law
Medicine
Undergraduate International Admissions
Graduate International Admissions
Financial Aid
Housing
Academics
Toggle dropdown: Academics
Arts
Biological Sciences
Business
Education
Engineering
Humanities
Information & Computer Sciences
Interdisciplinary Studies
Law
Medicine
Nursing Science
Pharmacy & Pharmaceutical Sciences
Physical Sciences
Public Health
Social Ecology
Social Sciences
General Catalogue
Majors & Minors
Schedule of Classes
Undergraduate/Undeclared
Division of Undergraduate Education
Graduate Division
Division of Continuing Education
Campuswide Honors Program
Undergraduate Research
UCI CalTeach
Libraries
Study Abroad Center
Summer Session
Academic Calendars
Academic Senate
Research
Toggle dropdown: Research
Office of Research
Faculty Profiles
Postdoctoral Scholars
Applied Innovation
Invention Transfer Group
Undergraduate Research
Graduate Research
Research Centers & Units
UCOP Office of Research
Community
Toggle dropdown: Community
Academic Engagement
Arts
Athletics
K-12 Programs
Summer Programs
Campus Events Calendar
Conference & Event Services
Hospital
Medical Services
Clinical Trials
Toggle dropdown: Find information for...
Prospective Students
Current Students
Alumni
Faculty & Staff
Parents
Home
Privacy
Privacy and Legal Notice
Notice
General
UCI web sites are made available to you to provide information about our university and the services offered. You can browse our sites without providing any personal information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number or social security number.
Non-Personal Information
When you access and use our web sites, some information is automatically collected. For example, we may collect information about your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and the website that referred you to us. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our sites.
Cookies
When you visit our web sites, you may be issued a "cookie," which helps track your session while online. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive. Among other things, cookies help to make your site visit more relevant and personalized for you. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you may set your browser to refuse cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent; however, it is possible that some parts of our sites will not function properly if you do so.
Web Beacons
Web sites and any communications sent by UCI may contain electronic images (generally, single pixel ".gif" images) called "web beacons." These web beacons allow UCI and third parties authorized by UCI to monitor and collect certain information about the viewer of a web page, email message or other communication, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the device identifier of the device the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons may be used count unique users, visits and page views; monitor traffic and conversion patterns; personalize your experience when you visit the sites, including advertising and content you see; and determine whether or not messages were opened, links were clicked and/or notifications/offers were acted upon.
Third Party Advertising
We may also allow third parties to use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect non-personal information about your use of our sites, including your IP address, pages viewed and conversion information. This information may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our sites and other sites tracked by these third parties. This privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies or other tracking technologies. We encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their privacy practices. If you would like more information about third party advertising or to opt out of having your information used in this way, please visit the NAI Consumer Opt Out Tool.
Heat Maps
UCI sites may utilize heat map technology services in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize the user experience of our web sites. These services help us understand what elements users view and engage with on UCI web pages by observing behavior such as what a user clicks on and how far down a page a user scrolls. These services may also collect non-personal and device information and described in Non-Personal Information.
Personal Information
We also collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you apply for admission, register for an account, participate in a promotion or sweepstakes, request a brochure or other materials, sign up for a tour, locate or make inquiries to specific departments, make a donation, request information or otherwise contact UCI. Such information may include: contact information (name, address, telephone number, social media username/handle, mobile phone and/or email address, etc.); academic area or interest (biology, anthropology, human studies, medicine, etc.); financial information (financial aid application history, payment history, current and estimated loan payments, donation attribution and amount, etc.); demographic information (age, academic status, marital status, size of household, income, etc.); and marketing profile information (admissions date, graduation date, alumni status, parent, friend, etc.) We may also collect the names and email addresses of your friends and family, if you choose to provide UCI with this information. Finally, we may obtain information from other sources and combine that with the information we collect directly from you.
Links to Other Sites
You may encounter links to Web pages of entities not managed or maintained by University of California, Irvine. Those Web pages may have privacy policies that differ from this one. You also may encounter links to Web sites of organizations not directly affiliated with the University of California, Irvine. Please be aware that the University of California, Irvine is not responsible for the information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of each Web page that collects personal information.
Updating Personal Information
Questions regarding your options to review, modify or delete previously provided personal information should be directed to privacy@uci.edu.