https://ultimate-design.com/privacy.html
Ultimate Design Website Privacy Policy
Ultimate Design Website Privacy Policy
Introduction
This policy covers the use of personal information that Ultimate Design collects when you use ultimate-design.com.
The policy also gives you information about the use of cookies.
Use and storage of your personal information
If you choose to contact Ultimate Design, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself. For example: name, telephone number and email address.
By submitting your details where requested, you enable Ultimate Design to provide you with the
information, services and updates as requested. All personal information provided, will be treated in accordance with this policy and the terms. When using
your personal information Ultimate Design will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to go beyond current Internet best practice.
In general, any information you provide to Ultimate Design will only be used within Ultimate Design and by its agents
and service providers. Your information will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law. Also, if you post or
send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to ultimate-design.com or otherwise engage in any disruptive
behavior on ultimate-design.com, Ultimate Design can use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop such behavior.
This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school, e-mail/Internet provider and law enforcement
agencies about the content and your behavior.
We will hold your personal information on our systems until the purpose for obtaining such information has been met.
Visitor Information
When visiting ultimate-design.com, the pages you see along with associated images and a short text file called a 'cookie'
are downloaded to your computer. It is common practice for websites to use cookies as they enable website publishers to do
useful things to enhance the visitor's overall experience. A cookie allows a website owner to find out whether the computer
(and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding,
the cookie left there on the last visit.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from the web
server and is stored on your computer's hard drive. Each website is able to send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's
preferences allow it but, to protect your privacy, your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already
sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
If you have your browser setup to reject cookies, you can still browse ultimate-design.com anonymously. For further information
on cookies, you may wish to visit: www.aboutcookies.org.
» Memphis Web Design
» Web Development
» Memphis SEO Services
» Graphic Design
» Business Web Hosting
» Contact
Call Today901.313.4900
Call today to discuss your project: 901.313.4900
» Web Design
» Search Engine Optimization
» Graphic Design
» Web Hosting
» Site Map
» Terms
» Privacy Policy
» XHTML 1.0
» Contact Us
© Ultimate Design: A Memphis SEO Company, Memphis TN 1998-2020.