http://umass.edu/umhome/policies.html
Skip to main content
University of Massachusetts Amherst
Search Google Appliance
Enter the terms you wish to search for.
Links
Email
SPIRE
Moodle
Blackboard Learn
Online Storage
Find
Library
People Finder
Sites A-Z
Go
Menu
About
Visit Campus
Admissions
Academics
Student Life
Research
Arts
Athletics
Community
Give
Schools and Colleges
Undergraduate
Graduate
Departments
Scholarships
Advising
Summer and Winter Sessions
University Without Walls
Academic Calendar
Office of the Provost
Class/Catalog Search
Guide to Undergraduate Programs
Graduate School Bulletin
University Registrar
Mount Ida Campus
Undergraduate
Graduate
MassTransfer
University Without Walls
Schedule a Campus Visit
Financial Aid
Scholarships
Summer and Winter Sessions
International Programs
UMass at a Glance
Points of Pride
Office of the Chancellor
Campus Leadership
Campus Strategic Plan
UMass in Video
Diversity
Sustainability
News & Media Relations
Campus History
UMass Amherst, located in Amherst, Mass., is a nationally-ranked public research university offering a full range of undergraduate, graduate and professional degrees.
Directions
About Amherst
Campus Tours
Maps and Directions
Parking on Campus
UMass Transit
Conferences and Meetings
UMass in Pictures
Take a virtual tour of UMass Amherst from anywhere, on any device.
Office of Research and Engagement
Research Next
Research Administration & Compliance
Research Development
Technology Transfer
UMass Innovation Institute
Undergraduate Research
Spotlight Scholars
Art
Arts and Events Calendar
Arts Extension Service
Dance
Fine Arts Center
Galleries
Music
Theater
UMass Athletics
Intramural Sports
Campus Recreation
Office of Student Affairs and Campus Life
Community Standards and Student Support
On and Off Campus Living
Health and Safety
Student Engagement
Inclusion and Advocacy
Give Now
Ways to Give
Foundation
What to Support
Impact of Giving
Community Relations
Downtown Amherst
Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce
Campus and Community Coalition
Site Policies
Except as noted, the information below applies to University of Massachusetts Amherst websites, consisting of designated Web pages or publications of the university, its schools, colleges, departments, administrative offices, divisions, certain registered student organizations, and other units, as well as to the campus home page, also known as the Gateway, at www.umass.edu.
You may also find within the University of Massachusetts domain— signified by the address "umass.edu"—personal web pages or publications created and maintained by university faculty, staff, students, student organizations and others for which neither the University of Massachusetts nor the Amherst campus is responsible for the content and administration. These pages and their content, including but not limited to factual statements and opinions, are the sole responsibility of their creators and do not represent, explicitly or implicitly, positions, policies or opinions of UMass Amherst. Although the university encourages compliance with all policies and practices at such websites, the university serves only as a provider of Internet-related services in these cases.
Copyright and Acceptable Use
All text, images, logos and information contained on UMass Amherst websites that is the intellectual property of UMass Amherst gives the owner exclusive right to reproduce, distribute, perform, display, or license a given work. Whether or not a website includes a statement about copyright, the U.S. copyright act provides protection for such works, and they may not be used or reproduced without permission.
It is the responsibility of all parties storing materials on websites with UMass Amherst umass.edu domain addresses to ensure that such material does not violate other parties' proprietary rights and does not otherwise violate law or applicable University policy. UMass Amherst reserves the right to delete or make inaccessible files that contain material that is in violation of law or of applicable campus or University policy.
UMass Amherst is not responsible for any errors in the material provided on the web and shall not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any material found any UMass Amherst sites or on any other sites with umass.edu domain addresses.
The design, pictures, and logos used on websites directly managed by University Relations at UMass Amherst may not be copied and used or posted by any other person or entity, including other units/offices at the University of Massachusetts. This includes but is not limited to the University's home page (umass.edu), and all pages within the Gateway site, which includes the UMass homepage at www.umass.edu and all pages within the www.umass.edu/gateway domain.
Links may be directed to these pages, but images, logos, maps, may not be copied and/or posted for any reason.
Logos, Designs, and Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all service marks, trademarks, trade names and copyrights appearing on this site are owned or licensed by UMass Amherst including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, renderings and photographic images.
You may not use any service mark, trademark, trade name, logo or copyrighted materials from this site for any commercial purpose without the permission of UMass Amherst. This includes use of the university's marks on any commercial Web site. The university has invested a great deal of time, money and effort in the development, promotion and use of these service marks, trademarks, names, copyrights and logos. As a result, UMass Amherst has gained a high level of public recognition worldwide and extensive goodwill and we must be vigilant in protecting these valuable University assets against any unauthorized use.
If you wish to apply for permission to use the University's marks for a commercial site or venture, please contact the University of Massachusetts Licensing Office at (413) 577-0125.
UMass Amherst Brand Guide
The UMass Amherst Brand Guide defines our standards and best practices, and establishes the basis for effective communication. It was created as an “operating manual,” detailing specific rules and usages to serve as guidelines for online, print, and other university-affiliated publications and advertising. Adhering to this guide will ensure that communication from all colleges, departments, and university organizations is presented in a consistent voice, look, and feel.
Privacy Policy
UMass Amherst is committed to preserving and maintaining the privacy of visitors to its Websites.
When you visit the UMass Amherst Home Page (umass.edu), and all pages within, your visit is anonymous, without tracking of any individual name or other identifiable mark.
Like most websites, we collect aggregate user data to understand patterns and improve the website experience.
When Information Is Collected
We collect information from you when you register an account, fill out a form to request information, “opt-in” for participation in a service, complete a survey, or engage with other site features.
What Information Is Collected
Your visit remains anonymous until you knowingly identify yourself. When you request services, personally-identifiable information required to fulfill the request may include your name, address, phone number, email, etc.
How Information Is Used
We use the information we collect from you to fulfill requests, personalize user experience, and/or improve our website for your benefit.
Third Parties
Other than those involved in enabling services, we will not make any of your personally-identifiable information available to anyone at any time for any purpose. Specifically, we never sell any information to third party companies for marketing, sales, email, or solicitations of any kind.  Please see the Disclosure section for additional information.
Resources and Links
We may provide links to outside websites for related information, whether we have formal affiliations with them or not. These websites are governed solely by their respective terms and privacy policies.
If you have any feedback about any such site, including concerns about how your personal information may have been used, please contact University Marcom universitymarcom@umass.edu .
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your computer through your browser with information about your use of the site. Cookies help improve the experience for returning visitors by recognizing them and providing a more personalized experience, and by providing aggregate data about site traffic and patterns we can use to offer new features and functionality in the future. We may also use cookies in the process of displaying relevant advertising, including retargeted advertising. Cookies may be associated with other data and profiled anonymously to ascertain visitors' likely demographics like gender and age (not your individual demographics).
In addition, you may have encountered third party cookies along the path to finding our website. For example, Google may use cookies to track click behavior from its search results. In such cases, cookie use and privacy are governed solely by the terms and policies of the third party.
Your browser has settings that control the use of cookies on your computer. Each browser is a little different; consult your "Help" menu for specific instructions to modify your cookie settings. If you turn off cookies, some features on our site may not work; we recommend having cookies turned on. In addition, add-ons are available for some browsers (including Google Chrome) to control handling of individual users' cookies.
You may opt out of all Google advertising by visiting this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Email
We periodically email people who have opted in.  You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" button on any email.
If an instance presents itself involving important news that in our view the bulk of people would reasonably want to receive promptly (for example a breach of data security), such notification may be provided by email even if you have not opted in, or have unsubscribed.
Disclosure
We may disclose any personally-identifiable information you provide under the following circumstances:
1. If instructed, or reasonably believed required, by an authority to comply with any law, regulation, governmental request, or judicial or legislative process;
2. If such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this website, to process any requests you make, or to conduct any services or promotions in which you participate;
3. To protect the rights and property of The University of Massachusetts, its administrators, community members, sponsors, or affiliates, including the right to limit fraud and misconduct in cases where it is reasonably suspected.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to all terms contained herein.
Changes
We may change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. Any changes will be reflected on this page, and considered in effect upon posting.
The Development Office Privacy Policy and Donor Bill of Rights explains the specific policy regarding information collected by individuals making donations to UMass Amherst.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
This website is intended for general use and is viewable on the internet throughout the world. If you are visiting this website from the European Union (EU), personal information you provide to the University may not be subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  The GDPR replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to strengthen data privacy protections for EU residents. Should you have additional questions or need information regarding GDPR’s impact and its application to personal information provided to the University visit the GDPR Website
IT Policies
UMass Amherst Information Techology (IT) establishes, monitors and enforces policies for use of university computing and information technology resources which include, but are not limited to, equipment, software, networks, data, and telephones whether owned, leased, or otherwise provided. This includes policies for:
Acceptable use
Account activation, deactivation and removal
Email communication
Netreg
Wireless airspace
See IT Policies for complete details.
About this Site
The main UMass Amherst website is produced and maintained by University Marcom.
On This Page
Copyright and Acceptable Use
Logos, Designs & Trademarks
UMass Amherst Brand Guide
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
IT Policies
About this Site
On This Page
Copyright and Acceptable Use
Logos, Designs & Trademarks
UMass Amherst Brand Guide
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
IT Policies
About this Site
Future Students
Current Students
International
Faculty and Staff
University Without Walls
Alumni
Popular Now
UMass Amherst Spring 2021 Plan
COVID-19 Testing and Dashboard
UMass in Video
Academic Calendar
Social Media Directory
University Accessibility
Stay Connected
Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Snapchat
© 2020 University of Massachusetts Amherst • Amherst, MA 01003
Contact UMass Amherst • Employment Opportunities • Site Policies • UMass System