https://unistal.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy You are here:HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy – Unistal Systems(Updated on December 16, 2005) This is the Privacy Policy governing your use of the unistal.com Site. By using this Site, you consent to our Privacy Policy set out below. All terms not defined in this document have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use Agreement between you and unistal.com which by use of this Site you agree to accept.The Information We CollectRegistration Information: At the time you register to become a Registered User of the Site, you will be asked to complete a registration form which requires you to provide information such as your name, address, phone/fax number, email address and other personal information as well as information about your business (“ Registration Information .”)Publishing Information: If you submit any information to unistal.com to be published on the Site through the Article form, including but not limited to Company Profile, Product Catalog, Trade Leads file and any discussion forum, then you are deemed to have given consent to the publication of such information (” Publishing Information “).Payment Information: If you establish a credit account with us or our providers or if you purchase a product or service from unistal.com or a vendor available through unistal.com, we may collect additional information, including billing information, credit card numbers and expiration dates and tracking information from cheques or money orders (“ Payment Information “).Statistical Information: In addition, we gather aggregate statistical information about our Site and Users, such as IP addresses, browser software, Operating System, pages viewed, number of sessions, unique visitors and so forth. (” Statistical Information “). Registration Information: Publishing Information, Payment Information, Statistical Information and any information we may collect from you through the use of our website, or any other means, shall collectively be referred to as ” Collected Information “.How We May Use InformationGeneral: We use your Collected Information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site’s content, layout and service specifically for you. We may use your Collected Information to service your Account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us. We do not sell, rent, trade or exchange any personally-identifying information of our Users. We may share certain aggregate information based on analysis of Collected Information with our partners, customers, advertisers or potential Users. We may use your Collected Information to execute marketing campaigns, promotions or advertising messages on behalf of third parties; however, in these circumstances, your Collected Information will not be disclosed to such third parties unless you respond to the marketing, promotion or advertising message.Registration Information: We may use your Registration Information to provide services that you request or to contact you regarding additional services about which unistal.com determines that you might be interested. Specifically, we may use your email address, mailing address, phone number or fax number to contact you regarding notices, surveys, product alerts, new service or product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Site. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Registration Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions.Publishing Information: All of your Publishing Information will be publicly available on the Site and therefore accessible by any internet user. Any Publishing Information that you disclose to unistal.com becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights (including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights) in such information. You should exercise caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information in the Publishing Information that you submit to us.Payment Information: Unistal.com will share your Payment Information with payment gateways, banks or vendors relevant to the transaction in order to enable transactions to be completed. In addition, unistal.com may use Payment Information to determine your credit-worthiness and, in the process of such determination, unistal.com may make such Payment Information available to banks or credit agencies. Any credit card information that you provide through the Site is directly submitted to a payment server of the credit card processing bank. Unistal.com does not maintain electronic or physical copies of your credit card information. While unistal.com has in place up-to-date technology and internal procedures to guard your Payment Information against intruders, there is no guarantee that such technology or procedure can eliminate all of the risks of theft, loss or mis-use. unistal.com shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages that might result from unauthorized use, publication, disclosure or any other mis-use of Payment Information, including credit card information.Statistical Information: We use Statistical Information to help diagnose problems and maintain our computer servers, to manage our Site, and to enhance our Site and services based on the usage pattern data we receive. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Statistical Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions. We may provide Statistical Information to third parties, but when we do so, we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.Disclosure of InformationWe reserve the right to disclose your Collected Information to relevant authorities where we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be infringing or threatening to infringe, or who may otherwise be causing injury to or interference with, the title, rights, interests or property of unistal.com, our Users, customers, partners, other web site users or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.We also reserve the right to disclose Collected Information in response to a subpoena or other judicial order or when we reasonably believe that such disclosure is required by law, regulation or administrative order of any court, governmental or regulatory authority.If we have reason to believe that a User is in breach of the Terms of User Agreement or any other agreement with us, then we reserve the right to make public or otherwise disclose such User¡¯s Collected Information in order to pursue our claim or prevent further injury to Recoveryourdata or others.Co-Branded RelationshipsWe have established relationships with other parties to offer you the benefit of other products and services which we ourselves do not offer. We offer you access to these other parties either through the use of hyperlinks to their sites from our Site, or through offering “co-branded” sites in which both ourselves and these other parties share the same uniform resource locator, domain name or pages within a domain name on the Internet. In some cases you may be required to submit information for purposes of registering or applying for products or services provided by such third parties or co-branded partners. The privacy policy of such other parties may differ from ours, and we may not have any control over the information that you submit to such third parties or co-branded sites. We therefore encourage you to read that policy before responding to any offers, products or services provided by such other parties.CookiesWe do not use “cookies” to store specific information about you and track your visits to our Site. It is not uncommon for websites to use cookies to enhance identification of their users. A “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie can be sent to your computer’s hard drive only if you access our Site using the computer. If you do not de-activate or erase the cookie, each time you use the same computer to access our Site, our web servers will be notified of your visit to our Site and in turn we may have knowledge of your visit and the pattern of your usage. Generally, we do not use cookies to identify you and enable us to access your Registration Information.MinorsThe Site and its contents are not intended to be targeted to minors under applicable law and we do not intend to sell any of our products or services to minors. However, we have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Site and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information.Security MeasuresWe employ commercially reasonable security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure correct use of information. As a Registered User, your Registration Information, Publishing Information and Payment Information (if any) can be viewed and edited through email request which can be submitted at marketing@unistal.com . We recommend that you do not divulge your Password to anyone. Our personnel will never ask you for your Password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. If you share a computer with others, you should not choose to save your log-in information (e.g., User ID and Password) on the computer. The requested changes may take upto 30 days to appear online because of the verification process and server cache policies. A user account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in the user not being able to access any members-only area of the network. Residual information will remain within our archive records. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secured. As a result, while we try to protect your information, no web site or company, including ourselves, can absolutely ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.Child’s PrivacyWe do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We take specific steps to protect the privacy of children. Additionally, to ensure that children’s privacy is respected on our Web site, we ask the visitor to confirm that his/her age is above 13 years. We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page, or at those sites on our Web site where we collect personal data.Changes to Privacy PolicyThe policy may change from time to time so please check periodically.  Scroll