https://upfrontsoftware.com/terms-policies/
Terms & PoliciesTerms and PoliciesThe Upfront Software Inc. places a high priority on protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy was created in order to demonstrate Upfront Software Inc.’s firm commitment to the privacy of our donors, members and website users. This Policy explains what types of information is collected by Upfront Software Inc.’s website, Upfront Software Inc., and how this information is used.What Information Is Collected: Website visitors who sign up to receive Upfront Software Inc.’s e-communications voluntarily provide us with contact information (such as name and e-mail address). We may use this information for specific, limited purposes. You may always “opt out,” either now or at any time in the future, if you do not wish to receive our messages. The Community Foundation does not collect any information from minors (including scholarship information) online.How This Information Is Used: Upfront Software Inc. may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and for statistical metrics used to track website visitor traffic. Website statistics will always be used as aggregate data (number of visitors, most popular features, etc.) and not identify anyone personally.With your permission, we may use your personal information to provide you with personalized service; to send e-mail alerts to you; to answer your requests; to process your donations, etc. You may choose to opt out at any time, which will cease all communications from us. Upfront Software Inc. does not provide, sell, or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization. Please email upfrontsoftware@gmail.com with any request related to receiving or unsubscribing from information and emails from Upfront Software Inc.“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Community Foundation website may use cookies to maintain user session identity, and, in some member areas, to store your username and password locally for ease of access.Online Transactions and E-Commerce: Upfront Software Inc. is dedicated to enabling the acceptance of online transactions in a professional, simple, secure, manner. When an individual uses the Upfront Software Inc. payment platform, billing information including the name on the individual’s card, billing address and expiration date is used to process the transaction. All credit card and personal information is encrypted using industry standard secure technology. This encryption is designed to prevent theft or interception of the information as it traverses our data network.Completing a transaction online using Upfront Software Inc.’s payment platform will not open an individual’s personal information to misuse. Upfront Software Inc. does not disclose, sell, trade, rent, or otherwise reveal credit card or other personal information to third parties, including advertisers or marketers. Demographic and usage data may be used by Upfront Software Inc. in aggregate for internal analysis only.Upfront Software Inc.’s website registration forms require users to give us contact information (such as name and e-mail address), method of payment (if applicable), and demographic information. Upfront Software Inc. may use customer contact information from the registration forms to send the user information about the Community Foundation. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Information regarding method of payment is collected for member enrollment, registration and to process orders for products and services only.Forums and Message Boards: This site makes forums and message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Upfront Software Inc. cannot ensure the security of and is not responsible for any information you transmit to the Community Foundation in the course of using any of the public forums or message boards.External Links: Upfront Software Inc.’s website includes links to external websites. These links do not fall under Upfront Software Inc.’s domain and Upfront Software Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.Security: This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under the Community Foundation’s control.Terms of This Policy: We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; please review it periodically. We maintain the option to modify this privacy at any time by electronic notice posted on our website. Your continued use of our website after the date that such notices are posted will be deemed to be your agreement to the changed terms. Adopted and Approved on January 16, 2020××