https://us.alhambrait.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Linkedin
SALES: 1-800-329-9099
About Us
Why Alhambra
Contact
Country
United States
Spain
France
Login
Useit Fax Service Portal
Privacy Policy
Information
Alhambra Group authorizes the viewing and printing of information published by Alhambra Group on this Web site. The information may not be reproduced, photocopied, transmitted, or used in any other way without the express prior written consent of Alhambra Group, Inc. All copyright or other proprietary notices that appear herein, together with this Legal Notice, must appear on all print copies made.
Software
All software that is made available for download from the Alhambra Group web site () is copyrighted by Alhambra Group. Use of such software is governed by the terms and conditions of the Alhambra Group end user license agreement accompanying the software.
The Software is made available for downloading solely for use by end users according to the terms and conditions of the License Agreement. The software may only be used in accordance with the License Agreement. Any use not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in significant penalties.
Disclaimers
All information provided by Alhambra Group or its subsidiaries including, but not limited to, software documentation, software programs, company statements, whitepapers, case studies, end user documentation, technical manuals, and all marketing materials is provided “as is”, is intended for informational purposes only, and may be subject to change or withdrawal by Alhambra Group at any time without notice. Alhambra Group assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the information provided. To the extent permitted by the applicable law, Alhambra Group disclaims all other warranties, either express or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. In no time will Alhambra Group be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential loss or damage, resulting from any loss of profit, business revenue, goodwill or anticipated savings, which may arise in respect of the use of the information, software, or the Alhambra Group Web site. Alhambra Group software is warranted only according to the terms and conditions of the License Agreement accompanying the software. To the extent permitted by the applicable law, Alhambra Group disclaims all other warranties with respect to the software, either express or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
Trademarks
The Alhambra Group logo and the Alhambra Group brand and product names referenced herein are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Alhambra Group, CryptoGram, and Prologue Software Group. All other brand and product names mentioned herein are trademarks of their respective owners.
Copyright
All material on this web site is copyrighted by Alhambra Group and is not to be duplicated, stored, or used without Alhambra Group’s written permission.
Third-party Web site Links
This Site may contain links to other web sites controlled by parties other than Alhambra Group. Alhambra Group is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents or use of any third-party web sites.
Laws and Jurisdiction
Alhambra Group manages its web sites from offices located in Wolfeboro, NH (USA). You agree that any legal action, proceeding or other matters relating to your access to, or use of, the information or the site shall be governed by United States laws. You may not access, download, use, or export the information in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations, or in violation of any applicable local laws or regulations.
Privacy
Any information provided to Alhambra Group via web forms, email, etc. will be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. Completing a web form will make you eligible to receive information from Alhambra Group via email. All marketing correspondence from Alhambra Group will give you the option to remove yourself from any mailing or distribution list. Your information will never be disclosed to third parties or sold to independent marketing firms.